===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants' lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Additionally, please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor and Strategy. You may begin.
Andrew Slabin : Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Warner Bros. Discoveries Q1 earnings call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, Chief Financial Officer and JB Perrette, CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. Today's presentation will include forward-looking statements that we may pursue into the safe harbor provisions of the Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements may include comments regarding the company's future business plans, prospects, and financial performance and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. For additional information on factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. I will turn the call over to David for some brief remarks, after which we will take your questions.
David Zaslav : Good morning, everyone. Two years ago, we said, it's not how much, it's how good. And today, that focus on quality is really paying-off. Our commitment to high-quality storytelling, powered by the most exceptional creative talent in front of and behind the camera, continues to be the engine that powers Warner Bros. Discovery. That engine has never been stronger, more differentiated, and more important, both here in the US and around the world. Whether it's the White Lotus, The Pitt, The Last of Us, a Minecraft movie, Sinners, or the Eastern Gate series internationally, when you look at what's shaping culture today. So much is coming from our studios and reaching audiences on our platforms. These stories aren't just watched but savored. People immerse themselves in them, share them, and return to them. They spark conversation, drive connection, and fuel fandom. And that cultural influence and strength is showing up in our bottom line. On streaming, as you saw in our letter, we delivered another exceptionally strong quarter. Over the last 12 months, we have gained more than 22 million subscribers and in the first quarter, we gained over 5 million subscribers and delivered $339 million in EBITDA. We are firmly on track to deliver at least $1.3 billion of EBITDA in 2025, up 85% versus 2024, and to surpass our 150 million subscriber goal by the end of next year. What's fueling that success? It's multiple growth levers that provide years of opportunity still ahead, starting with the best stories from HBO, which is delivering the deepest, most consistent storytelling pipeline in its history. It's local language content and local sports that bolster our relevance in every region in the world. That combination makes us really unique. The impact of our stories is then amplified by our increasingly global footprint that still has almost half the world to go. And it's brought to life by a product that has gotten better at enhancing personalization and engagement, but still has a strong roadmap of improvements ahead. On studios, we are also encouraged by the progress in getting back to our $3 billion in EBITDA goal and growing. That's coming from the strength of Warner Bros. Television, the world's leading independent TV studio, which broadens our cultural and commercial impact on the platforms outside of WBD ecosystem with standout shows. It's also coming from Warner Bros. Motion Pictures, where our strategy of a mix of IP-based blockbusters and compelling new originals is gaining traction and delivering results, as demonstrated by the recent big success of a Minecraft Movie and Sinners. And Final Destination, which is launching next week, is trending very strong. Looking ahead, we are excited about the strong slate across all of our studios, starting with DC Studios launching Superman in July. We are wrapping on Supergirl and are deep into production on lanterns, all part of our 10-year plan to reignite the DC brand globally and drive long-term franchise value. What we have now is a powerful combination of a differentiated, profitable, and growing global streaming service with a world-class studio business, both being supplemented by the meaningful continued cash generation from our global linear networks. Warner Bros.' Discovery's global reach, growth, and the demand for our quality content offerings gives us real confidence in our ability to create long-term sustainable growth and shareholder value. With that, we welcome your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] With that, our first question comes from the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. Good morning. So, you know, first I think there's a lot of industry discussion around your reorganization and some of the optionality that -- that creates for those assets. I think the biggest debate is just the leverage ratio that global in your networks can handle as we go forward. So I was wondering if you could give us any insights as to what you think a capital structure, could eventually look like on an asset like that at some point, what you think a leverage ratio could be that still preserves or increases the equity value that you've got today, and how you can get there in terms of the EBITDA and cash flow trajectory. And then on extra members, do you have a sense of how big that extra opportunity could be for Max in the US? Is it a few million? Is it significantly bigger? And how do you lean into all the tent-poles you have upcoming in order to help capture those as I imagine that drives you towards or even create some upside to the $1.3 billion in EBITDA. Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Steve, this is Gunnar, good morning. Obviously I don't want to speculate on capital structures for hypothetical, you know, parts of the company. We are very happy that we were able to get through this reorganization as quickly as we did the internal reorganization that we announced in December. As we laid out, we believe that we are now properly structured to take advantage of whatever opportunities may arise. David has pointed out how this industry is facing generational change and we believe there is now a lot more transparency for you guys. You'll see that we also issued trending schedules, several quarters back, clearly explaining what's going on in the two division structure that we have implemented, showing the content flows between streaming and studios in that division, et cetera. So I think we've done a lot of good work here to create transparency and secure optionality and that's it. I don't think there's any value in speculating about potential capital structures at this point.
David Zaslav: Restructuring with these two subsidiaries, it's how we run the company and it also gives real visibility to you -- and to all of our shareholders to see what we're seeing, to be able to see that we're the biggest maker of content and we have the largest production operation globally and we have a streaming service that is really growing and by putting this structure in place you're able to see that. And you also see that on our traditional business side, we were global, it's free to air, it's sports, it's global news, it's differentiated cable brands, all of which can nourish and enhance our existing streaming business. But it shows you kind of how we look at the business. It also gives us full optionality. Having done that work now, not only can we see this and can you see it, but we can move quickly if we decide to change and make a determination on restructuring.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then, Stephen, on the extra member, a couple things to sort of size the opportunity and think about the timing. Remember, right now we've launched only in the US, it's only available on our retail subscriber base, which obviously is a subset of our total sub base. And the messaging is part of the parallel path of the password sharing initiatives that we have is very soft messaging that will start getting firmer and more visible to subscribers over the months to come. So in 2025, I think you're going to see some benefits from it. I think it's going to increase and really be a more 12 month to 18 month initiative as it rolls out through more subscriber cohorts here in the U.S. Globalizes later in the year and into 2026. And as the messaging on the password sharing gets more assertive over the course of the -- more of the back half of the year and really into 2026.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Peter Supino with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Peter Supino: Hi, good morning. Thanks. I wanted to ask you about your sports strategy on Max. Understanding that that strategy leverages relationships and licenses that you have through the linear segment. Do you see opportunities to license new IPs going forward? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Well, you know, the strategy really differs as we look at the global reach of Max. There's a number of markets where it's part of Max. There's a number of markets where it's an add-on. Having the sports outside the US has been really helpful to us, together with the compelling local content and HBO. It's been an offering that’s really differentiates us and we're seeing some meaningful demand. JB, you want to talk more specifically about the U.S.?
JB Perrette: Yes. Peter, we have -- I'd say we have -- we've taken a very disciplined but experimenting with different models as to see how in this migration from certainly sports in the U.S. from wholesale to maybe a more hybrid or wholesale plus streaming works versus internationally, where, generally, our European sports business has historically been more like our TNT Sports asset in the U.K., an a la carte sports business, unlike here in the U.S. And so we have various levels of experiments where their subscribers are paying definitively extra for that sports content. Here, we always have it ingested into our entertainment -- two top entertainment tiers as we do in Latin America across all the tiers. We see the power of it from an acquisition standpoint. We see the power of it from a -- an engagement standpoint. That said, obviously, we balance that with the cost of these rights. And we are evaluating them to see what makes sense because it is hard still to find a business model in streaming alone that makes these premium sports rights profitable and successful in driving those two metrics. And so we are going to continue to experiment in a smart way. We do think there is clearly opportunities to leverage powerful sports rights as we do with Champions League in Brazil and Mexico and as we do with our sports right here, but it is not a one single model. We're going to continue to experiment and see how we evolve the model to make it successful and profitable at the same time.
David Zaslav : In the end, sports is the rental business. For us, Superman, Batman, DC, Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, those are the core equivalents of the NFL to us. We own those assets, Game of Thrones. As we build storytelling content that people love everywhere in the world with characters that they love everywhere in the world. And then we could build out that world, like we're doing with Harry Potter with 10 consecutive years. In the aggregate, the -- that is where the future of Warner Bros. Discovery is as the best storytelling company in the world, with the most extraordinary library and Wizard of Oz to DC and Harry Potter and for us to harvest that because one of the advantages that we have is that it's -- there's an opportunity to really begin to harvest it. In many cases, we haven't been doing that. And so that is where I think we'll be spending more of our money and being less dependent on sport, which is a rental business.
Peter Supino: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft : Hi, good morning, David, you talked about the strength of Max's distinctive programming as a source of competitive advantage. I wanted to ask, first, how is HBO able to turn out so many standout hits like this to do it so consistently? What's the secret sauce there from your perspective? Second, for David or JB, can you talk about how Max is resonating with different demographic groups domestically, particularly the younger consumers? And then lastly, I was wondering if you can give us a sense of how time spent on Max in the U.S. compares to time spent in other markets on MAX, particularly in Europe and Latin America? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks very much. Well, first, we have one of the best creative executives, the generational talent with Casey Bloys who's been at HBO for two decades. And he's also built an amazing team with Franny and Amy and Sarah and Nina and Nancy. This is a group that have been together for fifteen plus years. And their ability to tell story to partner with great creatives, but they also have a model of quality. When people see that HBO brand, they know that that represents all of that talent. And people have for 50 years been coming to HBO for quality content. And this is the strongest HBO has ever been. The idea of -- it's not how much, it's how good is something we identified that we're not going to flood the zone. We want to be telling the best stories and we want to also be taking advantage of all the great quality content over the years like Game of Thrones and come out with House of the Dragon. We got euphoria coming up and a real innovation from that team with the pit, which was a medical procedural. But John Wells and Noah Wyle together with Casey and Sarah and Channing who runs our Warner Brothers Television Group. We've really brought the best creatives back to Warner and that together with the great talent we have plus HBO is a different model for storytelling that we do it very similar to what when I was at NBC with Must-See TV, whether it's Sunday night or Thursday night or Monday night, it becomes a cultural happening. People on Thursday night wanting waiting for a week to see the pit. And that's part of a philosophy at this company of great storytelling with a shared experience whether it's in the theater and then people can talk about it or people together on Sunday nights and watching, The Last of Us. That's the core of what we are. And it also as you saw with White Lotus by having that experience over two months or over four months with the pit. It also it makes stars people feel that they really get to know people in a way that's different than just watching eight episodes in eight hours on a Sunday afternoon. So it becomes part of the culture. And more and more that's the future of Max is quality, quality, quality. And that's why I think we're seeing a lot of the growth and that's why we think we have a great future.
JB Perrette: And then on the two questions around engagement in the U.S. in terms of the younger demographic, we see a very strong and popular for a lot of the reasons that David just described in terms of the topicality, the conversations that people don't want to be missed and the FOMO that people don't want to miss. We do well in that younger demographic. And obviously as you think about our lineup of series, particularly with things like Euphoria coming back, which is one of our youngest skewing and biggest and youngest skewing series and obviously building into the truly four quadrant Harry Potter down the line. We have a number of series that is attractive to that demographic. On the engagement across markets, LatAm is our leader I'd say, with the most complete offering partly also because that market has multiple pay output deals. So our film offering is most complete, as well as obviously all the great output coming from HBO and the U.S. side. And we've been at originals for local originals probably one of the longest in that region in the world. And so Latin America leads the way in terms of engagement in the U.S., Europe are sort of aligned and a little bit behind Latin America. And Asia Pacific is a smaller piece, largely because, obviously, our content mix there is largely a U.S. based Hollywood offering. And so it's got real appeal, but slightly less engagement than what you see in Europe and the U.S.
David Zaslav : And Casey has a home field advantage. He can just walk down the road in the lot and go into Channing's office with her whole team. And whether it's Harry Potter or The Pit, more and more a lot of the content, we have really two of the best studios. We have studio for HBO and then we have Warner Bros. TV Studio. And yes, we produce for Apple and Netflix some of their best content. But that's our home field.
Bryan Kraft: Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Hi. Thank you. Maybe I'll ask on the macro. The release noted no material impact over the last month. Wanted to see if you could dig in a bit on what you're seeing across advertising channels and hearing from your marketing partners and how that informs your view of the coming upfronts. And then for Gunnar, corporate EBITDA was nicely improved versus last quarter and last year. Maybe just walk through some of the items helping there and what should we think of as kind of run rate permanent savings? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks. So, yes, look, the starting with the macro question, the good news is so far so good. As you would imagine for the past five weeks or so, we've been tracking very, very closely all the indicators internally and externally. And the reality is we're not seeing any impact whatsoever to this point. In fact, starting with advertising, which would naturally be the part of our business that would be most impacted by declining consumer sentiment and maybe slowing GDP growth. And I've called out some of the factors impacting Q1 and Q2. And if you do a like for like comparison, everything we're seeing right now, Q2 so far is tracking pretty much exactly in-line with Q1 corrected for those items that I called out earlier. So I think that is good news at the same time. We do obviously look at sort of external projections and we have a much more diversified portfolio now than we used to have. But advertising obviously would be at risk to some extent. We have the upfront discussions that are probably going to go a little slower, start a little slower this year. At the same time, we see that being offset by pretty strong scatter at this point. And nonetheless, we've managed through a turbulent times as a leadership team and we would do the same should the outlook deteriorate in the second half. And as you also saw, we did right after the announcement of the tariffs take some precautionary measures, nothing extreme, but we will manage our cost base appropriately for a potentially more turbulent environment here to make sure that we're ring fencing our financial performance. The corporate cost step down that you saw in the first quarter was a mix. There were some smaller one-time items, but generally speaking, I would expect the corporate cost number to be down year-over-year for the full year. So nothing no trend change there to call out at this point, David.
David Karnovsky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with LightShed. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield : Hi, thanks for taking the question. Last quarter, Gunnar, I think you said that there would be a net savings from the NBA in 2026 of several hundred million dollars. I guess, if we just look at sort of Q1 and Q2, it would be great to sort of understand what Q1 would have looked like. If you peel back NBA ad revenue and the cost -- all costs sort of associated with it. I assume there's a net benefit in Q1, but just any way to sort of quantify? And then as you sort of gave that Q2 cost guide and you said that the cost would be up year-over-year, what would it look like? I assume it would obviously be down without the NBA. But just any way to sort of think about those 2 [Q1/Q2] (ph) issues would be great.
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Yes. So the short answer is, yes, it would have been down significantly without the NBA. But let's take a step back and peel back that onion a little bit. So it is true, as we said, we are very happy with how we transformed our sports rights portfolio in the context of the NBA discussions. We have a very strong portfolio now. We've been successful in renewing our affiliate deals which, as you know, that part is a major driver of monetization for these sports rights. We did also say that 2025 is going to be impacted by some overlap between sort of outgoing and incoming rights, and that is still a thing. I would -- if you want a quantification for that, I would say it's okay to model a roughly $300 million cost increase in 2025. Q2 is going to take a big part of that. There's going to be a little bit of a headwind in Q3 as well. And then from Q4 on, this should turn initially into a moderate tailwind. And then to your point, we are going to see very significant improvement in sports rights expenses with the NBA coming out in 2026. So a very material step down from the increases that we saw this year. And again, I think your more specific question on what Q2 would have looked like without the MBA. I want to stay away from quantifying that because there are so many different factors playing into it. But again, if you keep in mind that NBA was a very profitable property for us, partly because of its value for affiliate discussions, we were able to renew these deals without the NBA. So next year is going to be significantly better from a financial perspective from that perspective.
Rich Greenfield: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich : Thank you. I guess, two questions. First, on direct-to-consumer. You've entered into a number of distribution agreements, mostly wholesale agreements. Of course, a lower ARPU. Maybe you could discuss some of the drivers you have to increase ARPU over time. And coming into the year, streaming consolidation was widely expected. You talked about optionality. Do you believe there's still opportunity to scale further here? And then maybe just a follow-up on the advertising comments. Yes, it's not growing uncertainty, but you've got more tools like particularly in AdTech. So are you coming into the upfront like with a different strategy or approach.
JB Perrette : Jessica, I'll start on the ARPU question. Look, we always evaluate these deals based on ARPU, but really based on lifetime value, including obviously ARPU in the churn dynamics. So you're right that we have a number of distribution partnerships with wholesale partners where we may take a reduced wholesale rate, but obviously have a churn profile that's significantly higher, and we evaluate that on an LTV basis that is accretive to the business. In terms of other levers for ARPU growth, there is several. One obviously as we talked about and we talked about in the previous call, which in the near-term, as we said then I think in our fourth quarter call, will create some downward pressure on ARPU in the initial phase. Remembering that we were only in -- our ad-supported SKU is only available as of a little over a year ago in one market, which is the U.S. We've now rolled out in over 45 markets, and we are seeing great traction in terms of the demand for that in our mix of gross-adds. But -- so therefore -- but that's obviously at a lower distribution revenue impact. And the advertising piece of the ARPU calculation there is growing. And the good news is, internationally, we are seeing great demand. Our numbers in a variety of the biggest markets are up multiples of what they were even 12 months ago. But that's going to continue to grow, and the ARPU is going to continue to expand over time. And so there will be growth. We think on a net ARPU basis, from the advertising SKU over time, obviously this additional member -- extra member SKU will help. And as the password sharing crackdown comes, we will also add more subscribers on top of that. There is pricing components that we think are still in some markets slightly below where we think there is opportunity. So price will continue to be a lever that we can push. And then as we talked about on an earlier question around sports and the upsell of sports, we will be leveraging the upsells to sports in the markets where we have that, particularly in Europe, which will also add more ARPU benefits. So not to mention, obviously, that as we see engagement -- as we continue to focus on engagement and the product improvements that we're making, again, particularly on the ad-like SKU that we have, that engagement will translate to more time spent, which will translate to obviously more monetization. So those are a couple of the levers that we feel comfortable with. David?
David Zaslav : Yes. Well, look, across the board the streaming inventory on Max, we're seeing just real demand and a tremendous amount of value. And coupled with the growth that we are seeing, for instance, one of the really positive developments that we see now. And for more than, I guess, for three quarters, is that in Europe, we are net growing. When you take the decline of the traditional business and then you see the growth of our streaming business and our ad-light product together, we are seeing meaningful growth across Europe. And in fact, when you look at all of international, what -- the decline in the traditional business is being outrun by the increase in our subscriber and ad revenue, so that we are net positive there, which is a really meaningful turn for us. And the fact that it's substantial in Europe is a powerful sign. In the U.S., we need – we are not there yet. It's not clear that we'll be able to get there. On the upfront, we'll be emphasizing the streaming inventory on Max, which is really coveted. And with what we have coming up on Max, there is a lot of demand, specifically for specific titles and to be associated with the quality of content. And the fact that it is watched in large groups, which is with their sports and then there is HBO. And then we have our films coming and the ability to affiliate with those films on ad-light.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Fishman with MoffetNathanson. Please go ahead.
Robert Fishman : Hi, good morning. Two for you guys, if I can. As you shifted away from the more is better streaming strategy, how does the focus on higher quality content change the way you think about the right level of content spending, ad streaming and the overall company? And should we expect content spend to come down? Or is it just a reallocation of those dollars to the bigger bets? And then it would also be great to hear your updated thoughts on licensing, your library and producing originals for third-party streaming services. You mentioned in the investor letter that the Scooby Doo show for Netflix, as one example, how do you balance what should be exclusive to Max? And how has that evolved over the past couple of years? Thank you.
David Zaslav : Thanks, Robert. Look, Channing's team is having a terrific run with running point now and -- on Apple, Ted Lasso and Presumed Innocent was a title of ours, where, to your point, we used that title to create a compelling series, with Gyllenhaal and sell that to Apple. It's a very good business for us, Shrinking, Bad Monkey, Abbott Elementary, which we sell to Disney. We're a high-quality provider. It's one of the reasons why some of the best and the brightest people want to come to us because they are not a captive, and they can produce content for anyone. A lot of the content -- more and more of the content is coming to us, but it's a very substantial business that Channing is running. And it's important for us to be able to sell our content to third-parties. As we look at our titles, there are some where there are many that are really just for Warner Bros. When you look at the major characters with -- that James Gunn and Peter Safran are developing with their 10-year plan around D.C., that is to build asset value for us globally everywhere in the world, Wonder Woman, Batman, Superman, Supergirl. So those are -- we look at those as big asset builders and big differentiators. Same thing with Harry Potter, and that's why we've leaned in so hard with JK and we'll be doing 10-years of that. Today, we are announcing the date of our Lord of the Rings movie. So there is some premium global IP that's recognizable. Game of Thrones, those belong to us, and they will only belong to us forever because we are building big assets and a global differentiated strategy around that. So it's -- those global tent poles, together with quality originals, that's what makes our motion picture slate. It is what makes our streaming business so strong. And -- but then we have so much IP at this company, Hanna-Barbera, Looney Tunes, and there's just a lot of titles in -- and with the biggest TV and motion picture library in the world, where we can take things like Presumed Innocent or Scooby Doo. And in some cases, we'll find what Scooby Doo, we can sell something to Ted and Netflix, and that can get very broad acceptance in the marketplace. And then we can follow it with a Scooby Doo movie, and that would be a real win-win for us. That will take that piece of IP and grow it to a point where it's even more valuable for us. So it's all about harvesting our IP, but recognizing that the most important IP that differentiates us from everybody in the industry will be used to build asset value.
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Right. And then from a financial perspective, Robert, there is no significant step-up in content spend that is associated with this strategy evolution for streaming. We have always been clear. We have significant growth ambitions for the streaming service and for the studio. And we will support that growth ambition with growing content spend over the coming years. But that is going to be a moderate increase. Nothing -- no dramatic step changes. And then maybe the only thing to add on the licensing versus internal use point, if you compare our Studio numbers today with a couple of years ago, you'll see that we have continually increased the share of Warner Bros.' output that we are using internally. And you see that in our company eliminations. And it's just an important point to make that every dollar of intercompany profit that we take out in intercompany eliminations is really, to David's point building asset value. That is future streaming profit in waiting, and we have built that internal asset in a pretty significant way.
David Zaslav : This idea of it's not how much, it's how good. We laid down that pipe two years ago. And so what you're seeing now is you're seeing the fruits of that strategy and us doubling down on it because consumers are looking at the quality content and saying that's really what they want. And we did get rid of a lot -- that was a shift from when we took over and bought this company. And we got rid of a lot of content. We -- and with a lot of noise around it, but it was part of that overall strategy of, we do not want to flood the zone. We want to stay true to the HBO brand, and quality is the lane that we thought was open to us. And the marketplace has said it's wide open.
JB Perrette : And that mix shift, Robert, as David said, is really away from kids volume, particularly on the library side, purely and some, obviously, less unscripted and towards a more Pay-1 movies, global scripted originals and select local originals in key markets.
Robert Fishman: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ric Prentiss with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Ric Prentiss: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I want to follow up on the streaming side. Obviously, you're fairly on track, as you mentioned. As you think about longer-term, what are the bigger drivers as you would rank them, subscriber growth, ARPU growth, cost cutting? Well, what should drive that business up into the rise as we go forward? And then on the studio side, you mentioned several times your goal to get back to $3 billion. You talked about your slate, the IP you've got. Help us understand the pacing to kind of get to that number and stay at that number.
JB Perrette : I mean, on the streaming, I'd say, the good news for us is not a single or even a small set of levers. There's several big levers. So number one is obviously globalization. As David has said repeatedly, we're -- we still got almost half the world to go in terms of rollout in new markets. Number two is in those markets, penetration growth -- in the markets where we already are on sort of same-store sales basis is penetration. Growth is part of that is driven by things like the introduction of a lower-priced ad-light SKU in more markets to sort of go after more price-sensitive consumers. And that's -- we're only 12 months into that. And I should say on the globalization -- first globalization point, remembering that obviously, in the beginning of part of next year, we have three of the biggest markets in Europe and three of the biggest markets in the world coming online with Germany, the U.K. and Italy. And so that will be a big bolster. So globalization, penetration growth, ARPU growth in the same point to respond to Jessica's question earlier on better ad sales monetization in particular, the password sharing crackdown initiative that again, will take 12 months to 18 months to get for a full steam, but we'll create another boost of both subscriber and ARPU growth through the extra member add-on. And then look content is obviously the fuel of this entire thing. Content is -- the stories are the product and the content slate we have and the Casey and the team have curated over the next 18, 24 months is stronger than anything we've ever had and more consistent. And so that will be another avenue growth. And lastly, product enhancements. David mentioned to it in his opening remarks, but we went from not good to good, but we still have a chock or block roadmap that we're effectuating every day where the product is getting better and better to go from good to great. And so that will help engagement, that will help time spent, that will help monetization. So we got five or six different levers that will help create some real tailwind for us here over the next couple of years.
David Zaslav : The final one is kind of a strategic attack that we've been on for a long time, which is bundling better together and putting together a bundle that's not just a bundle for price, but that has a better consumer experience. The real opportunity here is when people turn on the TV set and they see eighteen, twenty apps and they're sitting down with their Google and trying to figure out where to go. What we did with Disney that bundle here in the U.S. of Hulu, Disney+ and Max is very competitive selling. And when you see these bundles, and we're starting to roll them out around the world, as people will look at who is a global player that we could attach to, to get more scale and to try and find real growth. And in those bundles is by definition less lower marketing, much lower churn. So when you see churn numbers, like we see with Disney and we're starting to see in some of the bundles we're doing around the world, It's very encouraging. You don't need to remarket to get to some of the same subscribers that are coming in and out one. And two, you got two or three players marketing to a product. And that product is more satisfying because you can go across without having to come in and come out or come in and come out. And so this is an evolution. Ultimately there's going to be five or six players. There may be a few regional players that can do marginally well and they may be overly dependent on rental sports, but there'll be a few global players, probably five or six that will -- it'll be a better consumer experience and some of those five or six may even come together in a bundle to make that experience even more compelling. And if you bet on solving for a consumer problem and providing quality content, great storytelling and a better consumer experience, Better consumer experience always provides huge value creation. And so that's our focus, but the bundle I think is a big part of it, bundles.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then Ric maybe on the $3 billion target that we put out for the studio. And again, a reminder that's not guidance for this year, even though we did say that we're expecting to make a very significant step towards that number this year. But two levels to answer that question. One, sort of on the level of the individual business units, there is opportunity everywhere in the studio landscape. Channing and her team have been incredibly successful with TV production. And there may be more opportunity as she manages the transition of the business model from a very broadcast heavy output years ago to a more streaming focused model. Now there's margin and ROI upside there. In the film space, we're starting to see the portfolio strategy come through. David has mentioned this a number of times the combination of harvesting our own library and of IP combined with the right level of original films, the right mix of bigger swings and smaller budget, commercially safer films, ex cetera. We're looking at a blowout second quarter here showing some of the fruits of that. But again, I don't want to get too focused on that. But I do believe we're going to see more on a longer-term basis. The games business, remember last year was really impacted by some misses we had in that space and JV has implemented a pretty significant restructuring of that business and that should be a growth driver over the longer-term horizon here. And then frankly, the biggest point underlying all of this is all the transformational change that we have implemented over the past three years. It starts with a much greater collaboration, coordination, the approach that we take to franchise management, the planning that goes into the rollout of every new IP moment, the way the entire company rallies behind each new film and each series that we're creating that is going to pay dividends for a very long time to come. And we have also frankly revamped every step along the value chain from green light to the monetization, the windowing of our content. I have no doubt that all of this is going to provide lasting impact. And again, as I said before, what we're not going to see is perfect consistency. It's a hit driven business, but I have no doubt that we're going to see much greater upside and success and much less downside in the inevitable areas where we're going to miss at times. Last thing I'll say is, we're also supporting this growth with investments. I talked about content investments already. We're planning to moderately increase that number every year. But you also saw the CapEx in Q1 slightly up a lot of that is going into the necessary investments in our studio footprint. And so again, I think this is a great longer-term outlook, longer-term story for the studio and very short-term, we're going to have an absolutely amazing second quarter.
Ric Prentiss: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And that’s the time, we have for questions. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question and answer session. Additionally, please be advised that today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may now begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Warner Bros. Discovery’s Q4 earnings call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, Chief Financial Officer; and JB Perrette, CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. Earlier this morning, we released our Q4 earnings results, trending schedule, as well as accompanying shareholder letter. We will begin this morning with some very brief remarks by David and then turn the call right to Q&A. Today’s presentation will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements may include comments regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. For additional information on factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the company’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures on this call. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the closest GAAP financial measure can be found in our earnings release and in our trending schedules, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, I’m pleased to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Two and a half years ago when we brought Warner Bros. Discovery together, our vision was to combine Discovery’s leading position as a global force in media and entertainment with local content and local sports alongside the iconic storytelling brand’s IP and libraries of Warner Bros. and HBO. This powerful combination is a unique compelling offering that we believe would resonate with consumers worldwide. It was the strategic guts of our transaction. Our direct-to-consumer business ended 2024 with about 117 million subscribers across more than 70 countries, and we still have nearly half the world to go with many key markets like the U.K., Italy, Germany, and Australia launching over the next few years. We added about 6.5 million subscribers in the fourth quarter and nearly 20 million subscribers in less than a year. Max continues to grow at a powerful pace, and we expect it to continue throughout 2025 and beyond. In this generational media disruption, only the global streamers will survive and prosper, and Max is just that. With the launch of Max internationally in 2024, we now have a global subscription business that is growing subs, revenue and EBITDA. We have a clear demonstrable path to at least 150 million subscribers by the end of 2026, fueling further revenue and EBITDA growth. Max is one of the world’s very few global and profitable streaming services. Our direct-to-consumer business contributed almost $700 million in EBITDA, a $3 billion improvement in just two years, and we expect direct-to-consumer EBITDA to nearly double in 2025. As I mentioned in our last earnings call, we are laser focused on getting our studios back to a place of industry leadership and generating $3 billion or more in EBITDA. We are showing growth and real strength in Warner Bros’ television business, which I believe is the highest quality and largest maker of TV content in the world. We are excited about our studio’s creative and financial outlook this year and beyond, particularly all of this coming from Warner Bros Pictures and DC Studios, kicking off with the release of Superman this July. Despite the headwinds facing linear television, we recently struck a flurry of multi-year renewal agreements with five of the six largest pay TV providers in America, many of which were a year early and all of which commanded overall rate increases. These long term deals provide real security and stability to our linear business. Finally, we have been hard at work and have made real progress implementing the reorganization we announced in December, which went into effect on January 1. This new structure will provide investors with better visibility to the strength of our streaming and studios business and will give us real strategic value and optionality into the future. 2024 marked a year of significant progress in transforming Warner Bros. Discovery, laying the foundation for what’s next and positioning us as a global media leader committed to providing shareholders with sustainable future growth. We remain fully focused on enhancing shareholder value and welcome your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you, good morning everybody. Two questions, please. Can you give us an update--David, you just alluded to the restructuring taking place as of January 1. Can you talk about potential longer term more transformative actions, and then secondly, in the shareholder letter there was a comment on near term linear pressure as you add direct-to-consumer and greater packaging flexibility. Can you flesh that out and maybe discuss the long--you know, in ’25 will there be consolidated growth?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Morning Jessica, this is Gunnar. Let me take those two. Starting with the corporate restructuring, this, as you know, has been a real priority for us and we’ve made great progress. As we said in the letter, we have implemented that new structure effective January 1. As you would imagine, there is still a lot of project work underway to manage and implement the financial aspects of the reorganization - you know, we would still have some processes run out of the wrong entities, tax implications, etc., so we’re still working through that with a lot of focus, and we’re making great progress, and as we said in the letter, we’re hoping to wrap that up really within the next few weeks. The point that I want to--
David Zaslav: I would just add that I think this restructure creates real visibility to the strength of our studio and library and global streaming business. It allows us to--we’ll be better able to respond to this generational disruption. The new structure will enhance our strategic flexibility and also create potential opportunities to unlock additional shareholder value, which we’re focused on. We’re also focused on executing our strategy while ensuring we’re able to take advantage of broader market opportunities as they arise. In this disruption, we expect that there will be.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, the last thing I was going to add, Jessica, is we don’t think from today’s perspective that we’re going to see a dramatic change to our segment reporting, but we are planning to provide incremental guidance beyond that to create more clarity on the global linear network on the one side and then streaming and studios - think of it as sort of a sub-consolidation and, based on the progress we’re making, I’m hopeful that we’ll be able to provide that as we report first quarter earnings. Then on your point about linear pressure and packaging flexibility, I think--you know, I want to take a step back. The work that our affiliate team has done in 2024 is just absolutely unbelievable - you know, working through all these agreements ahead of schedule and securing rate growth in the current environment, I think is a remarkable accomplishment.
David Zaslav: And it takes us--it give us a different cadence, you know, having started as a--in the distribution side of the business. Normally you would have your deals coming up 20% a year, so you’re always facing that, either opportunity or uncertainty. In my--in all of my experience, we’ve never had this secure of a base, where almost all of our deals are done with increases with all of our channels carried for a period of years, that gives us, I think, a real advantage as we go into--it takes one issue off the table for us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And as we look forward, the one thing I would want to call out, we’ve seen pretty strong rate increases in the prior year, in Q4, close to 6% rate increases in our domestic affiliate business. With the new set of deals, those rate increases are going to be slightly slower, more in the low single digits versus mid single digit rate, but as we laid out, we have also as an industry come together and created some flexibility that will drive the sustainability and longevity of that ecosystem. Then specifically when we look at the international part of our business, it’s really remarkable how across our international footprint in the aggregate, we are already seeing positive net revenue impact from our affiliate renewals. What does that mean? In many of these renewals, we’re working together with our affiliate partners to make some concessions on the linear side, where they’re facing not as pronounced but similar pressures as domestically here, but we’re cooperating through soft or hard bundles on the DTC side and net-net in the aggregate we’re growing. Across our international affiliate portfolio, we’re up in revenue - that’s the kind of crossing of the line that we’re looking for. We’re not there in the U.S. yet, but it’s a great proof point that we’re seeing that strong value and demand for our content internationally already leading to consolidated growth.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you.
Andrew Slabin: Okay, let’s move to the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Fishman with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Robert Fishman: Hi, good morning. Two for you guys. As you think about the importance of scale in DTC, curious does Max have enough diversity in programming as a standalone service to compete with those larger SVOD platforms; or maybe asking it differently, any updated thoughts on whether the smaller streaming platforms ultimately need to consolidate? Then on a related note, when you think about the strategy to use sports and news on Max, pulling that content from the ad tier, I think yesterday, can you talk more about how you plan to explore ways to evolve the sports and new distribution ecosystem? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks Robert. We really see our offering as unique and there are very few global streaming services, and the kind of demand and consumption that we’re seeing around the world is quite compelling, and it’s really driven by the quality of the original storytelling, whether it’s White Lotus, House of the Dragon, The Pit, together with the great library of content that we have and the great IP and motion pictures. But you add that to the fact that we have 20, 25 years of entertainment content from our free-to-air channels, cable channels around the world, and sports, it’s really the quality package of content you really want to see, which includes even things like Friends and Big Bang Theory. It’s got a great menu. It’s distinguished from others because, in addition to that very high quality, you also have meaningful local, and so--and that is also driving not only consumer interest but distributors’ interest in the product, so we feel really good about where we are. JB, talk a little bit about our news and sports strategy, because it differs in the U.S. versus other markets.
JB Perrette: Yes Robert, I think both on the diversity point also, we’ve never gone into a period, as we look out over the next two years and, frankly, well into 2027 at this point, where we feel better about the line-up, the consistency, the strength. You saw in our note we have 15 franchises returning that have been in our top 20 of all time, so we feel really good about the content line-up coming and the diversity of that content line-up over the next two-plus years. On the sports and news front, we recognize and we’ve said, I think fairly openly, that we’re continuing to experiment on what the right model is, and the reality is we have a variety of different models in operation around the world. In the U.S., as you rightly point out, we announced yesterday we’re moving sports and news out of the ad-lite and into the premium and standard add-free. In Latin America, we have it across all of our packages; in Europe, we up-sell it as an add-on and a buy-through, and so we’re openly continuing to experiment as to what the right model is and what the best way is to both drive engagement and first views or acquisition through that powerful content, but at the same time make sure we’re figuring out a business model that works. We’re going to continue to experiment and see what works, and we have the beauty of a global footprint with rights across the world that we can experiment with.
David Zaslav: One of the things that we’ve pivoted on is Mark Thompson and Alex MacCallum, who--the two of them built the digital business at the New York Times, we see that as an opportunity to build a completely separate digital and subscription line of businesses, and over the next few months, they’ll be out talking to you about how they’re taking advantage of CNN as the largest digital news brand in the world, the most trusted news brand in the world with over 150 million people coming every month, and how they’re going--and what we’re doing to build a sustainable digital business out of that. But when you look at the overall question of what are we, we said three years ago it’s not how much, it’s how good, and that has been our focus. In Europe when we have sport, we have the best sport, and we’re going out with the highest quality content, and so that is KC and Channing and Mike and Pam, the focus is--and Gunn, it’s not how much, it’s how good for this streaming service.
Andrew Slabin: Okay, let’s move to the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you. Maybe a couple. First one on strategy, David, if you could just outline how you see the asset landscape right now. Obviously there’s a lot going on in the industry with different objectives, but in this environment, do you see yourself as a buyer or a seller? Is there an opportunity to maybe become the consolidator and do some kind of bigger spinoff of networks? Your thoughts on that would be useful. Gunnar, just to follow up on Jessica’s question on the full year, when you have easier comps on studios this year and if we just look at networks, despite the headwinds, if you just stay with the same trend line as this year into next year and then DTC profitability that you guided to, it would imply that you should grow EBITDA in ’25, so is there something that takes away from that algorithm? Would be great to get your thoughts on that. Thanks.
David Zaslav: I guess fundamentally when you look at the marketplace, we really believe that the global players will be those that will really prosper in the years ahead, and ultimately the largest sustainable growth media companies, there will probably be four or five, or six, and our job every day is to fight to get a seat at that table. We feel that we’ve made real progress now with our global streaming service and the global appeal of all of our content and the consumer reaction to assure that seat. The consequence of that, I think, is there’s more and more pressure on regional players - can they build their own platform, do they have enough local content? One of the things that we’re seeing now is we’ve been talking about bundling for two and a half years, but many of the really high quality local players have come to us now after two or two and a half years and aligned on our strategy of better together, so whether it’s Globo in Brazil or Televisa in Mexico, or all across Europe players coming to us, and I expect that’s going to happen. There will be a few global players, there may be some consolidation in getting there. The consolidation may simply come with bundles, and the bundles, you know, as opposed to just being an economic bundle, will be a consumer-friendly bundle where you can move between content from one to another. I think we’re going to be a very, very attractive player. We’re already having a number of discussions, and we’ll just have to assess how strong we are alone and who and when we need. In the end, we’ll always do what’s right. We’re a public company, we’re always going to do what’s right for shareholders. But JB, this idea of bundling, because this is something we’re attacking regularly.
JB Perrette: Yes, I think at the end, as David says, there are two forms of re-aggregation: there’s a structural one, which is what David talked about, and then there’s a commercial one, which is the bundling strategy, and we’ve seen great success with it obviously here in the U.S. with Disney, seeing it both drive acquisition as well as significantly reduced churn. And to the earlier question that Robert had about diversity, the reality is the industry has gone from a model in the 2010 to 2020 period of everybody trying to do everything and, frankly, a glut of content and an overspend, to a much more rational spend where we’ve gotten all back to doing what we’re really good at and providing consumers access to all that goodness through these bundles. I think that is a commercial path to getting a lot of the value, and we’re seeing it happen already. As David said, the good news is people are seeing that and it’s gaining a bit of momentum across the world, not just with global players but, frankly, with regional and local players as well, so we think that’s an exciting new growth vector for us as well.
David Zaslav: Yes, and sports will be a pressure point. Some regional players are becoming more and more dependent on sports and rental sports, and the ability to really build a long term platform on short term sports rights has not been a good story in the past, and it’s unlikely to be a good story in the future.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Then Kannan, on your financial follow-up, as you saw in the letter, we’re not intending to give consolidated financial guidance this year, as we did in the prior year as well, but we have a lot--and I’ll just recap some of the points we put in there and give some additional context. Starting with DTC, you saw the $1.3 billion EBITDA target - very achievable from our perspective, and importantly having gone through a $3 billion swing over two and a half years here in profitability, I do think we have now earned the flexibility here to make trade-off decisions, get behind what’s really working, fuel further growth or optimize for profitability where we don’t see those opportunities, so I think that’s a pretty specific guidance that you can model. On the studio side, you’re right - we do have a lower comp in 2024. We talked about the limited avails for content licensing in the prior year - that’s obviously getting better. We have a humming TV production business, which we expect to continue growing and improving in profitability - Channing’s team is already doing a phenomenal job, and then JB--you may have seen the restructuring of the games unit that JB has implemented towards the end of last year, so with that, we should be in a much better position in 2025 as well. I also believe that our film slate has a greater balance, and as we’ve discussed multiple times, we should be--you know, with the process rigor we have implemented, we should be doing better financially, both in success and the inevitable misses that you have to success with a hit-driven business as well. In a nutshell, studios, certainly very significantly better in EBITDA this year than in the prior year. Then the third point, obviously, is the network business, and I don’t want to create the wrong impression here - that business continues to face challenges. We have seen a weaker ad sales result in Q4 than what we had hoped for, what we had expected frankly. We didn’t expect a ton of political advertising, but CNN we had hoped for a greater benefit from the elections, which didn’t come in. Now, going into the first quarter, we see some mild positive signals from the ad market. It’s not a sea change, but we’re seeing less upfront cancellations than in the prior year. We’re seeing scatter CPMs up moderately, but we also acknowledge that we have some work to do in terms of our linear portfolio. Ratings and delivery, Channing has taken over that business as an additional responsibility, has put the team in place. There are a lot of content initiatives that are underway, some new shows - you know, Baylen Out Loud on TLC, the team that’s delivered so many hits in the past is doing very well, and the thing that I’m most excited about is that Channing, with her vast knowledge of the deep library at Warner Bros. and HBO is going to implement a strategy of much more efficiently utilizing those libraries. That’s always been one of the core ideas from a synergy perspective here, so hopefully we’ll be seeing some progress there as well. Then I called out on the affiliate side the fact that we’re going to--we’re expecting to continue to see sub declines. It’s probably too early to expect a leveling off or a significant moderation, slightly lower rate increases than in the past. We do have a great sports portfolio, and again I’m very, very happy with how that sports strategy has been implemented over the past few years, but that does mean that we’re seeing some incremental expense in 2025, importantly expense that will come back out in 2026 because, remember, we have a half season of the NBA this year and that was a significant chunk of expense, and 2025 is only suffering a little bit on the expense side from having that expense plus the cost of the new rights, that we’ll see a very significant improvement as we come out of the year into 2026. Other than that, we will continue to be very, very focused on cost. It continues to be a huge priority for the team, albeit obviously now from a basis of a cost structure that’s already been improved very significantly over the past few years. Then last comment I’ll make is on the international side, we continue to see trends in the linear market that are much better than domestically, not in the aggregate growing but a much more moderate pressure there, even though in the current geopolitical environment, we had to acknowledge that there is some uncertainty there as well. That’s the reason why we’re not out here with a firm, hard number for that business or the company in the aggregate. But look, we’re making phenomenal progress in the transformation of our business and the intention here is, obviously, to have those lines cross, and we see so much opportunity in DTC and the studio businesses, and we have no doubt that we’re going to cross the lines at some point but I’m not putting a timestamp on it.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kutgun Maral with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Kutgun Maral: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about free cash flow and the balance sheet. Gunnar, I know you just mentioned that you are not providing explicit consolidated guidance and walked through the moving pieces and the uncertainty ahead, so forgive me for the follow-up, but any chance you could expand on the free cash flow outlook for the year, particularly with the moving pieces across working capital? I ask in part to get a better sense of where net leverage can move to from 3.8 times today, because it seems like we could see a healthy year of deleveraging ahead, but I can’t really tell with the EBITDA commentary, so would appreciate your perspectives. Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Sure, look Kutgun, as you know, free cash flow has been one of our top priorities from a financial perspective, the most important metric, and we have really changed the entire company’s mentality here. This was not a fact anyone looked at three years ago, and we have a pretty well oiled machine now, and that’s one of the reasons why we continue to put up these strong cash conversion rates, even with some top line pressures especially on the linear side. The balance sheet, I think is in very good shape now. By the end of this quarter, we will have paid down $19 billion of debt since closing the transaction, and we will continue to be super, super focused on this. At the same time, I also want to reiterate that I’m not worried about any maturities. I view our capital structure as a real asset. The terms that we locked in between the rates and the maturity profile are an absolute strategic asset for this company, so we’ll continue to focus on bringing net debt down further. I continue to believe that 2.5 to 3 times is the right leverage target for this company, but it’s not the end-all, be-all target of this company. Specifically for free cash flow in 2025, again we’re going to continue to focus on it. Talking through some individual building blocks, we want to continue growing content investments, albeit with continued improvement of our ROI against those investments, and I see evidence of that every day. Moving further through the free cash flow walk, working capital will be strong again in 2025. We did have a good result in ’24, even though there was a drag of almost $500 million from paying down some of our securitization facility opportunistically, which I don’t expect to happen in 2025. We’ll obviously benefit from lower debt load and corresponding interest payments. We are going to see a little more capex as we expand our production footprint, predominantly in Leavesden, expanding our capacity there, and restructuring expenses are going to continue to come down. But to your point, the absolute dollar amount in the end is going to be mostly driven by the resulting final EBITDA number, of course.
Kutgun Maral: Very helpful, thanks Gunnar.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Greenfield with Lightshed. Your line is now open.
Rich Greenfield: Thanks for taking the questions. I’ve got a few, but hopefully they’re quick. Given your comments about sports costs that penalize ’25 until the NBA ends after the first half, how should we think about the net sports cost savings for ’26 versus ’25? Disney is also--this sort of goes to JB’s commentary, Disney’s dropping a whole bunch of sports, you’re probably going to have half the UFC available, all of F1, and Sunday Night Baseball is obviously now available, but it doesn’t--given your renting sports comment, should investors assume that you don’t have interest in any of those sports rights at the moment? Then just finally, a follow-up on the earlier question on your new affiliate deals, do you get any type of minimum penetration guarantees for Max when you include it as a wholesale as part of these packages? I know you used to get minimum penetration for your cable networks, and I’m curious how that works for DTC.
David Zaslav: Thanks Rich. Look, we like sports, but we’re very disciplined and we’re opportunistic, so we’re money good on almost all of our sports in this company. We’ve worked very hard to build our free cash flow, our EBIT, to pay down debt, and I think the critical element for us as we look at our streaming service is the quality content - the movies, the series that Channing and Casey does. That’s the leading edge of what consumers--and our library, but that’s the leading edge of the value equation, and we own that. When we launch Harry Potter in a year or a little over a year, we’ll have 10 consecutive years of Harry Potter and be able to amortize that globally around the world. That kind of investment also pays off in merchandising, in our smaller theme-oriented parks, and so our focus is let’s really spend economics on where we can get the best return. There are sports rights that we can look at opportunistically and say, we can make a real return on, but we are--we don’t need any more sports anywhere in the world in order to support our business. We would buy sports if we think it would enhance our business, and it’s going to get more difficult - you know, some of the prices being paid and some of the competitors are opting to go to sports instead of doing what we do, because what we do is long cycle, it’s hard, and it’s not easy to do what Channing and Casey and Mike and Pam and James do. When I see a real push to pay a lot more for sports to get effective--you know, guaranteed audiences, or an audience that you could really model versus building it on great IP, like Batman and the Penguin, I think that’s a good thing for us because that’s where we’re really build the value, and that’s what we build our brand around.
JB Perrette: Then Rich, on the penetration and carriage commitment question, a couple things. One is it’s not a one-size-fits-all, and globally we have a variety of different models in play. The second is obviously we’re doing soft and hard bundles. In the soft bundles, obviously there’s no penetration or carriage commitments. In the hard bundles, there’s plenty that do have carriage or penetration commitments and then there’s others that don’t, so it’s really kind of a mixed bag. It’s hard to say it’s one particular model, but we certainly do in a variety of cases have obligations and commitments, and that’s part of what we obviously--the reasons we pursue them is that we do have carriage commitments like we’ve done in the U.K. with Sky, like we’ve done in other markets across the world, where the partner is agreeing to distribute it to fixed number of their subscriber base.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: I’ll just add one last thing on the sports side, to be specific. We will see several hundred millions of dollars of sports expense come out in 2026. To be fair, there will be some associated ad revenues as well, but this should be certainly a few hundred million dollar improvement in 2026 over 2025.
Rich Greenfield: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Ng with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Mike Ng: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. I just have two related to DTC. It was encouraging to hear about the 150 million-plus subscriber target by the end of 2026, of that, roughly 35 million subscriber growth over the next two years. Any thoughts on how much is domestic versus international? It sounds like the comments around the international launches and the hard bundles, it seems like it’s more international, but just wanted to get your thoughts around that. The related ARPU pressures because of these growth drivers, is that more of a comment around ARPU potentially being flattish from here, or could we actually see ARPU down a little bit before normalizing and returning to growth? Thank you.
David Zaslav: The U.S. is a pretty mature market. We think that there’s still some growth, given the quality of our service, and we’re fighting for that. A lot of the growth may come from price as we play around with the quality of what we’re providing versus the cost of what we’re providing, as well as how many people in a home can use the service, and that will be rolling out. But this idea of global media company and a global streamer and being able to scale, that’s the point that we’re pushing on right now, on an open door, and that’s what we think when we look around. There’s not a lot of players playing that game, so. JB?
JB Perrette: Yes, I think Mike, a large proportion of the growth will come from international, just because, again as David mentioned, we’ve got a material footprint outside the U.S. that we’re not even reaching yet, and so that international growth will come from launching in new markets as well as penetration growth. That’s the answer on the first question. On the ARPU question, you will see some deterioration in the ARPU in the near term, but again at this point of our expansion to be given that--you know, you think about things like our ad-lite offering, prior to about 15 months ago, it was only available in one market, it’s now available in over 45 markets. That’s taking time as we go with a lower priced ARPU or price in some of these markets and build up the advertising revenue stream, that will take some time. As we launch in international markets in Asia, which is a region that has generally lower ARPUs, you’ll see some obviously continued pressure that comes from that, and then as we do recognize that trying to get the product in the hands of more people more quickly is a priority, as we do these attractive hard bundle deals where we do give up a little bit more on pricing to get immediate scale and distribution, that will as well. You will see that pressure go on, but we’ll continue to manage the business smartly in terms of looking at our subscriber acquisition costs and balancing that with the right LTV profile, and we think there’s a lot of room still to lean into that equation based on the numbers we’re seeing. Medium to long term, we’re very confident we can get back to ARPU growth, even after this expansion period here over the next 12 to 18 months.
Mike Ng: Great. Thanks David, thanks JB.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, good morning, and thanks for the shareholder letter - I think it’s helpful. There’s three long term--I guess you wouldn’t call them guidance, but long term goals that you guys have talked about, either in the letter or this morning, one for each segment. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about in networks, there’s a comment that you think you can stabilize segment revenues over the next few years following the MVP agreements. That would be certainly exceeding the market’s expectations, so would love to hear a little more about that outlook. The 20% margins at DTC, any timeline that you’d want to share with us at this point? I think you’ll be probably around 10-plus for ’25. Then David, the $3 billion-plus of studio EBITDA, obviously last year was tough, but even the prior year you were kind of in the low 2s, so how can you help us gain confidence across those three metrics, all of which I think would be--would drive healthy value for your stock and upside to expectations? Thanks a lot.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay Ben, thank you. Let me take them one by one. On the network side, I want to make sure the comments are understood properly. We’re not expecting revenue stability as in zero growth or a decline. What we’re talking about is stabilizing our position within the industry trends, and certainly we do hope that some of the movement that we’ve now seen in recent affiliate renewals over time will have a positive impact on the industry overall. But don’t take this as sort of guiding to flat revenue from linear, but I do think our hand today is much better than it was, maybe six to nine months ago. On the DTC side, the 20% margin target, it’s one of those that we’re going to manage. I have no doubt that we’re going to be able to hit and exceed those margins, but we’re not going to be managing towards a margin goal - it would be wrong. As JB laid out, we’re looking at lifetime value relative to [indiscernible]. We now have a profitable business and we will use the flexibility to make the trade-off decisions. I’d much rather have stronger growth in ’25, ’26, ’27 maybe at the expense of a little bit of EBITDA margin because it builds longer term asset value. Hitting a margin goal a year early or late really doesn’t help any of us, and first and foremost, shareholders are going to benefit from the asset value we’re building. But again, the margin target itself, I think is very well in hand based on our plans. Then on the studio side, again let’s go back to what we discussed during the third quarter earnings call. I laid out some of the points that impacted 2024, among others a year that had a very, very low number of avails in our content library. We know that 2025 and all of the years in the near future are going to have much, much better profiles, so that is a major part of the profitability of our studio. While the film and TV production drives the replenishment of the library, availability dates are a major factor. The other point is I don’t think we’re going to see a year like 2024 again when it comes to what happened in the games business. This was a real outlier to the negative after maybe a bit of an outlier on the positive in 2023, but based on the restructuring that JB has implemented, I think we’re in a much better place. Remember, we have made real changes when it comes to managing our franchises, when it comes to driving the ancillary revenues in the consumer product segment - experiences, tours and retail, all of those things are now coordinated from the moment of green light, as opposed to being an afterthought previously, and those are real margin opportunities for every dollar we spend. Again, I think we’re going to see a real step-up in EBITDA in 2025, but when David talks about getting the studio to $3 billion, that’s not an end state, that’s fixing where we are right now and then growing from there, and we believe the studio has enormous potential beyond that.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks Gunnar.
Operator: Our last question comes from John Hodulik with UBS. Your line is now open.
John Hodulik: Great, thanks for taking the question. Maybe just a quick one on skinny sports bundles. Despite the wind down of Venu, it looks like this distribution model is going to proliferate - you have DirectTV, Comcast, it sounds like one’s coming from Fubo. Maybe David, what’s your initial thoughts on these bundles in terms of do you think they’re going to see meaningful adoption and drive any sort of meaningful change in either cord cutting or affiliate trends at Warner Bros? Thanks.
David Zaslav: I think part of it is going to depend on the consumer value proposition. The idea of aggregating sports together and offering it on a contemporary platform, where instead of thinking about channels you can think about sports and go there and see it, is very compelling. It was one of the reasons that we were driving behind Venu. Some of these bundles, if you look at them as contemporary platforms that just provide a better consumer experience, is positive but it really depends on the value equation. If it’s very close to the price of the overall bundle, what we’ve seen over the years is that even though consumers might think that that is what they choose, when they do get the choice, unless it’s significantly less expensive, they opt for the bigger bundle where they can see a wealth of other quality content. I think ultimately, everything we’re doing is going to be driven by providing a better consumer experience, and everything we do here is driven by that. It’s one of the reasons why we’re so optimistic. When you put the TV set on and you see 18 apps and three people watching TV at the same time have their phones out, Googling where a show is or where a sport is, it’s not a good consumer experience. The value creation over the last 50 years almost always follows a better consumer experience, and that’s what we’re doing with Disney, that’s what we’re doing with Verizon when we’re together with Netflix, that’s what we’re doing on our own by having local sports, local content together with the best quality TV and motion picture content, and that’s why I think there will be an aggregation in a meaningful way behind a couple of the bigger global players because consumers, at some point, they’re going to say this is too cumbersome and too challenging. I just want to put the TV on, or I want to go to my phone or whatever device I go to and be able to see the content that I love without having to come in and out of products and without Googling where things are. I think that’s going to be the wind at the back of this industry, and I think everyone’s going to have to get on-board with that because consumers are going to demand it. That’s where we’re going.
John Hodulik: Thanks David.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Additionally, please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may now begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, and thank you, for joining us for Warner Bros. Discovery's Q3 earnings call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, Chief Financial Officer; and JB Perrette, CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. Today's presentation will include forward-looking statements that we made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements may include comments regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. For additional information on factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures on this call. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the closest GAAP financial measure can be found in our earnings release and in our trending schedules, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and thank you, for joining us. I want to start my remarks by providing a broad overview of where Warner Brothers Discovery is on our journey today and how we are moving the company forward with an ultimate focus on creating value for our shareholders. It is well-known that our environment is being reshaped by generational disruption, which is creating both challenges and opportunities. Where we are confronting challenges, we are addressing them directly and where we see opportunities, we are seizing them with discipline and determination. Right now, there are several important dynamics playing out in our business. First, we believe that many of the assets that comprise our business are currently undervalued and we are working to both demonstrate their fundamental strength and enhance their value. Part of that effort has involved acting aggressively to reduce our expense base and lift our free cash flow conversion. To-date, we have paid down more than $16 billion in debt, with our strongest cash generation quarter of this year still ahead. Our team is highly focused on identifying and advancing a range of initiatives that aim to enhance the value of our company. As these initiatives mature, I am confident our shareholders will both see and feel significant upside. Second, we are making strong progress in executing our strategy and creating what's next for Warner Bros. Discovery. Over the last two and a half years, we have invested meaningfully in new technologies and platforms, partnerships and creative talent and driven changes in our structure to accelerate growth. Today, those investments are delivering clear bottom-line results in our Direct-To-Consumer segment. We are making substantial progress at Max, where as I will describe in more detail shortly. Strong subscriber growth is driving increased revenue and profitability. And while we are encouraged by our progress, we have more work to do to deliver the kind of results we and you expect. But, to be clear, I can assure you, we are doing the work necessary to evaluate all steps operationally and strategically to improve performance and unlock shareholder value. As I have conveyed to our employees, there are three prongs of attack to deliver expected shareholder gains. First, deploying Max globally as a distribution and storytelling platform; enabling it to achieve its full potential in both reach and profit. Second, optimizing, our Networks business, including our US Linear Television business. And third, returning our studios to industry leadership. I will briefly address our performance and outlook in each of these areas and Gunnar will then share more financial details by segment. First, it has been a very important and successful quarter in Max's development and deployment. Anyone who has listened to one of our earnings calls over the last two years knows, Max is important to Warner Bros. Discovery. We possess and produce tremendous content, film, TV, NEWS, and Sports, building a leading fully global Direct-To-Consumer platform to make that content available has been a clear strategic initiative. Getting Max right has required patience, discipline and substantial investment. Today, those investments are delivering clear results, both in terms of subscriber-related revenue growth and bottom-line impact. At the beginning of the year, Max had only launched in the US. Nine months later, Max was available in 65 markets. We have added 13 million subscribers. Thanks in part to 7.2 million additional subscribers in the third quarter alone and now have more than 110 million subscribers globally. Equally encouraging, we're beginning to see real acceleration in subscriber-related revenue growth and significant profitability growth. Overall, our Direct-To-Consumer revenue of $2.6 billion is up 9% year-over-year and EBITDA of $290 million is up more than 175% year-over-year. And in the fourth quarter, we will enjoy another quarter of strong revenue, profit, and subscriber growth. What's driving this success? First, of course, we have great content. While technological, advancements are placed emphasis and attention on distribution, the history of entertainment shows great content always wins. We are also improving the cadence with which we put the content, people most want to see in front of them. Beginning this past June with Season 2 of House of the Dragon, we are continuing now with The Penguin and extending forward with titles, like Doom Prophecy, White Lotus, The Last of Us and Peacemaker, just to name a few. Max is delivering 10 poll shows, new originals and feature films on an even more consistent basis. Internationally, our success is being driven by delivering that beloved content, as well as new originals with local sports in most international markets and 15 plus years of local language content, all on our streaming platform throughout Europe and Latin America in a way that few others can rival. The critical role Max played in being the home of the Olympics in many markets across Europe in Q3 is just one example. Even without the Olympics, we expect our momentum and driving Max subscriber growth to continue going forward. Later this month, Max will launch in seven markets across Southeast Asia and next year, Max will launch in Australia and over a dozen other markets with more to come including three of the biggest markets in Europe in 2026. Long-term, we believe our content will continue to provide us a meaningful competitive advantage and we are only scratching the surface of what we can achieve through added scale. Based on everything we are seeing, we are highly confident we are on track to meaningfully exceed our target of $1 billion in EBITDA in 2025. Next, I want to talk about our Networks business. While the challenges and headwinds we faced in our US Linear Television business are well known. This is still an extraordinarily important part of our business. Linear TV is a core vehicle to deliver WBD storytelling to hundreds of millions of fans worldwide and the significant profits it generates helps fund building the investments that will carry Warner Bros. Discovery into the future. The best evidence of the important role our Linear business continues to play for Warner Bros. Discovery is in the renewal agreement we struck with Charter Communications in September. This agreement was a victory for both companies and represents an innovative way to best serve customers as our industry continues to transform. In extending Charter’s carriage of our Linear Networks, while also giving their subscribers ad-lite access to Max, our company struck a deal that’s mutually beneficial with a consumer wins most of all. In your Q3 earnings communications, Charter discussed plans to lean more aggressively into its video products, which they attributed to providing enhanced value to their customers with increased access to streaming services like Max. We are optimistic this is a sign that these types of agreements will create more stability in our industry. Lastly, I want to address the work that obviously still needs to be done to return our Studios business to industry leadership. There have been some real bright spots in our Studios business. Our TV Studio is on track to have its most profitable year in scripted content in the last five years. It's currently making over 80 live action scripted, unscripted and animated series for nearly 20 platforms including all the major US broadcast networks and teen US SVOD platforms. And on the Motion Picture side, our third quarter saw a strong success with Beetlejuice Beetlejuice. But even in an industry of hits and misses, we must acknowledge that our Studio's business must deliver more consistency. This applies to our Games business, which we recognize as substantially underperforming its potential right now. We have four strong and profitable game franchises with loyal global fans. Hogwarts Legacy. Mortal Kombat, Game of Thrones and DC in particular, Batman which are focusing our development efforts on those core franchises with prudent studios to improve our success ratio. Inconsistency also remains an issue at our Motion Picture Studio, as reinforced recently by the disappointing results of Joker 2. For the past two years, we've been driving changes within our Motion Picture Studio to improve green light governance, and franchise management, which remains focal points going forward. This is a business we are translating operational changes into results takes time, but I believe we'll see those strategic shifts deliver improved outcomes in the coming years. Overall, we anticipate improved profit results for our Studios in Q4, thanks to what we expect will be another successful quarter for Warner Bros TV. Gunnar will take you through some decisions we made in content licensing that have negatively impacted this year's financial results significant growth opportunities in the future. In over the next several years, we expect our gains in Motion Picture businesses to deliver more consistency, resume industry-leading performance and contribute substantially to Warner Bros. Discovery’s business success. Before I turn it to Gunnar to provide more details on our financial results, I want to offer a final thought on the power of what we are building. By leveraging our storytelling abilities, with our abundance of beloved content and utilizing our distribution platforms, we can build of a real differentiation that leads to growth. Look no further than The Penguin. The Penguin, which spotlights a well-known DC Comic character, building on the success of the Batman, was envisioned by HBO, with creative talents like Matt Reeves, Lauren LeFranc and Colin Farrell, produced by Warner Bros. Television, distributed on HBO and Max to viewers all over the world, promoted across the Warner Bros. Discovery landscape, critically acclaimed, commercially successful, stories like The Penguin that can shape culture, spark conversations and become appointment viewing, always win over time. When you look at our unique ability to create great content, distribute great content and market great content it reinforces why we are so well-positioned to stand apart from the path over the long-term. So, I will conclude by saying two things are true. Our industry is experiencing generational disruption, presenting us with both challenges and opportunities. At the same time, our strategy is succeeding in important ways. When this period of extraordinary disruption settles, based on the momentum we are seeing in our Direct-To-Consumer segment, the work we've done to sustain our Linear TV business and what we're doing to return our Studios to peak performance, I remain confident that Warner Bros. Discovery will be one of the companies leading the global media industry into the future.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin my remarks with some comments on Direct-To-Consumer, where we are seeing strong momentum across key operating and financial metrics, net subscriber adds, subscriber-related revenues and EBITDA. Reaching this inflection point has clearly been a priority and I'm excited about the traction we've seen and enthused with what we expect for the quarters ahead. Over 7 million net adds and 50% D2C advertising growth drove double-digit subscriber-related revenue growth, and acceleration from 6% in Q2, leading to nearly $300 million in EBITDA. And we expect similar levels of subscriber-related revenue growth and EBITDA contribution in the fourth quarter. Subscriber growth was driven by a combination of factors, including The Olympics in Europe, traction from recent international launches, momentum on bundles like the Disney Max Hulu offerings, and a more consistent and resonant content line up. There will continue to be a variety of paths to scale Max, particularly, as we expand our reach internationally. We clearly saw that this quarter. It is also clear that the many options to reach consumers directly, bundled, in partnership or more traditional wholesale arrangements will naturally have implications for certain KPIs. That said, the financial framework in which we are managing the D2C business has not changed. First, we will always be guided by a core focus on lifetime value relative to subscriber acquisition costs. Whether it's evaluating a specific market or the model employed to launch in a market, partnership or direct retail. This means that we will make trade-off decisions between various distribution channels and operating models across markets. Some will have inherently lower ARPU, but lower upfront investments or FX and better turn dynamics. Others may require higher levels of initial spend, but may have commensurately higher ARPU. We have and will continue to evaluate all subscriber options through this filter with a goal to maximize value creation. Second, we are focused on subscriber-related revenue that is subscription and advertising revenue as the best measure for the progress we are making in scaling the D2C business. Importantly, given the cadence of Max's rollout over the next 18 months or so in international markets and the launch of the lower priced advertising supported offering in many more markets, we expect to ARPU trend lower in the near term reflecting the growth of the Max ad supported footprint from only one market up until this year to now, over 45 markets. However, we expect further strong subscriber-related revenue growth and EBITDA going forward, as well as enhanced retention, the cadence of which will reflect when, where, and how heavily we invest in subscriber acquisitions. Turning now to total company advertising, which declined 7% ex FX during third quarter, The sequential step down was as expected, and was in large part due to our seasonally slower sports schedule with Network’s advertising down 13% ex FX. Additionally, while we've benefited modestly from the Olympics in Europe, our much larger US business was adversely impacted by the Olympics. D2C advertising however continued to grow at a nice pace, up over 50% ex FX behind healthy demand for Max in the US. Global ad-lite subscribers grew over 70% year-over-year with approximately 40% of global gross ads, taking the ad-lite here in Q3, while the international contribution of D2C advertising is still quite small, we see opportunity ahead as we scale the subscriber base and drive modernization. Network’s distribution revenue was down 7% ex FX and down 5% excluding the impact of the AT&T SportsNet. Our affiliate renewal pipeline is active and we remain focused on working with our partners across the fluid distribution landscape. The recent Charter deal we’ve referenced is a great example of both the great value of our content to affiliate partners as much as to consumers and a greater flexibility in the industry to come up with forward-facing new deal structures with the potential to have a meaningful positive impact on the trajectory of our Linear and D2C business. We are seeing strong evidence of the great financial benefits of these new deal structures across our international footprint. As the long list of our International distribution renewals this year has shown, we have indeed enjoyed net growth in total revenue to Warner Bros Discovery across these partnerships as our concessions on the Linear side have been more than offset by strong gains at D2C. Turning to Studios, performance in the quarter was subpar relative to our internal expectations, notwithstanding the difficult comparisons with Barbie last year. Results were impacted by games for which we took another $100 million plus impairments due to the underperforming releases, primarily multiverses this quarter, bringing total write-downs year-to-date to over $300 million in our games business. A key factor in this year's Studio profit decline. In Q4, we expect games to be flat to modestly better year-over-year as last year’s launched of Hogwarts Legacy on the Switch platform in November is offset by lower costs. Film results performed relatively well, in the quarter, largely driven by Beetlejuice Beetlejuice. So, as noted, Barbie in the prior year and the bulk of the marketing spending for The Joker Folie à Deux ahead of this October release weighed on year-over-year trends. Despite Joker’s underperformance, which will indeed weigh on Q4 profitability, we currently forecast the Film business to perform more or less in line with Q4 of last year. As a reminder, we had three theatrical releases in the last two weeks of 2023, for which we realize - marketing spend with a relatively limited amount of revenue. We have only one release remaining in Q4, which is a modestly budgeted War Of The Rings animated movie, War Of The Rohirrim. Warner Bros. TV on the other hand is going from strength-to-strength. While TV did have a favorable year-over-year comp against the impact of Strike last year, the underlying performance remains robust within a marketplace and during some headwinds, we believe we're benefiting from a flight to quality. We expect this momentum to continue in Q4 and TV is as expected to be up significantly year-over-year. All in, we expect Studio Q4 EBITDA to be up a few hundred million dollars year-over-year, depending on the timing of certain content licensing deals. As David noted, we are committed to improving overall performance and consistency of results with an eye towards re-establishing the Studio as an industry leader. In the near term, our film slate is one that I would characterize as more balanced, both creatively and financially and we sharpened our focus on budget discipline and accountability across all processes across green lighting, marketing, productions, and resource prioritization. I expect this will help enhance both top and bottom-line results. Further, I'd like to take a step back and discuss the role and impact of content licensing for our Studio business. As I've mentioned previously, we are continuously evaluating how to best monetize our content, be it on internal or external platforms. And we make those decisions on a case-by-case basis and they are informed by an increasing amount of data and intelligence, collected across our business units. 2024 will be characterized by two factors. Number one, generally relatively lower rates for library licensing and number two, a significant year-over-year increase in internal licensing to support the rollout and growth or global D2C product. And all the revenues that get eliminated at the WBD consolidated level. While these factors have no doubt burden consolidated EBITDA and free cash flow in 2024 in a material way, they will clearly benefit our future financial performance. For the former, we see a return to more normalized availability level starting next year, for the latter, we know we have significantly added to a valuable asset base that will pay dividends in top and bottom-line performance of our D2C business for years to come. Finally, turning to free cash flow. We generated roughly $630 million in free cash flow. The nearly $1.4 billion year-over-year decline was largely due to higher net cash content spend as we lap last year's Q3 strike impacts and unfavorable Olympics-related working dynamics. Looking to Q4, while we expect another year-over-year increase in net cash content spend in Q4, free cash flow should again represent a healthy conversion of EBITDA. Net leverage at the end of Q3 was 4.2 times, a slight sequential increase and directionally in line with expectations given the seasonality of free cash flow and Olympics-related free-cash flow headwinds. In the quarter, we repurchased and repaid nearly $900 million of debt and have about $300 million maturing next week. We continue to expect the delever year-over-year, albeit much more modestly than initially planned in part due to the study of shortfalls and impairments. And we will continue to use virtually all of our free cash flow to retire debt as we continue to target 2.5 times to 3 times growth leverage for the longer term. Lastly, I'd like to finish off where David began and that is to reemphasize the high degree of focus that we as a management team and the Board have been placing on driving shareholder value. We continue to focus on executing our strategy and as part of this, examining every angle and possible path to realize the longer term value creation opportunity, we see ahead for Warner Bros. Discovery. With that, David, JB, and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall : Thank you. So Gunnar and JB, I think you talked about the opportunities to continue to acquire subs at DTC if they remain attractive and you're not going to be shy about making those investments. And then, you've also kind of qualitatively upgraded your expectation for DTC EBITDA and its ability to improve in 2025 to I think meaningfully above $1 billion now. So can you just talk about how those two things work together? It sounds like the investment is accelerating, but your EBITDA expectation is also accelerating. So we just love some more color on how we tie all that? And then, David and Gunnar, you've talked about reducing your expense base and you've done a lot of that on this journey. It seems like DTC is kind of through the cuts and back into growth mode. When do you think that Studios and Networks may sort of get through a period of efficiency and cost reduction to where you're talking more about maybe investments in growth in those business again. That’s the bottom-line. Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah, good morning, Steve. Let me take those two. So, one of the great things about the way, the D2C business and our global rollout has been sequenced is that we are enjoying two things at the same time growth from new markets and rollouts in new territories, which, inevitably lead to investments initially and start-up losses. But at the same time, we're benefiting from the majority of our business in established markets. That's why we have been able to get to this combination as David called out in his prepared remarks for sub growth, revenue growth and EBITDA growth at the same time, if you double click into there, obviously, there are markets that are, very profitable right now and others are still loss making. But I'm very confident that we will be able to continue executing with that kind of a profile. In terms of your question on expense base. As you heard both talk about earlier for the Studio, we got to remember that this is a long cycle business. A lot of the changes that we have put in place while they have the - have been as transformational as for example, in the D2C space or Networks. It's going to take a little longer for the financial impact to become visible. And what we are going to continue doing across all these segments is operate with a very clear focus and discipline when it comes to making sure that we invest the right amount and that we cut back where we don't see the returns.
David Zaslav: Just to address this moment of growth that we're seeing on Max, it's a meaningful moment for us. We spent over two years building this platform. Max was losing several billion dollars. We've been focused on finding the right mix of content, local sport, local entertainment, together with a great content from Max and HBO making sure that that line-up on Max and HBO was substantial. And then finally, launching it and we didn't launch really until two-thirds through the first quarter. And so, seeing this kind of growth, while at the same time having sub growth, profit growth it's a meaningful moment. And JB, you are on the ground. We expect that that very substantial growth to continue. We expect every quarter that we're going to be seeing revenue growth, profit, growth, and subscriber growth, really because the offering that we have is being very well received and it's demonstrated by the subscribers. So, just talk a little bit about what you're seeing, JB?
JB Perrette: Yes. Steven it's a material inflection point this quarter, because as David said, it's been a long road over the last two years preparing to get to this point. And really the exciting - most exciting part is this is still very early innings. We have, two plus years of growth ahead of us driven by a number of different growth vectors. The first and foremost as David said is, our content line is gotten a lot stronger. more consistent, better, cadence, helped by the fact that when we launched Max in the US, unfortunately, we were at a low point in our 10/4 release schedule just based on timing, the strikes we had to push that out last year. And so ‘24 and well, into ‘25 and ‘26 we have a much better content cadence and content strength as we look forward bolstered also by as we roll out internationally, the fact that we've been investing in local content for decades in a lot of the biggest markets outside of the US. And so it's both a combination of the great English language content coming out of the US, as well as local content that we are already invested in, in these international markets. The international rollout is a huge than other big driver. When - just to remember that we are still in just over half of the addressable broadband markets around the world. And that's excluding markets like, China, Russia, and even India, a very low ARPU markets. So, that's a huge driver and then, third, we're an active conversations then we have great partnerships with distributors around the world who are pulling for this product and want to be with us. And you've seen some of those as we've launched in markets like France, in Spain, in Japan and we're having very good conversations with distributors who want to help us accelerate the rollout of Max in very profitable and economically smart ways. And that's not to mention the drivers that we haven't even yet touched on things like password sharing crackdowns, still better product experience where we've gotten better, but are not great yet. And so we have a lot of growth drivers still ahead of us.
Steven Cahall : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
David Karnovsky: Hey, thank you for the questions. Post reaching your agreement with Charter in September, interested to know if you've had discussions on similar structures with other distributors whether you think that model is applicable elsewhere? And just following up on the Studio comments, you pointed out in the past theatrical slate is one that you largely inherited from the prior management. How should investors see the differences in this point? What's notable in terms of the approach the current team has brought? Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thanks David. Look, on the Studio side, we have an industry-leading TV production business that Channing Dungey runs . It's quite substantial. We have some of the best writers, directors and we're seeing that even in a market that's down substantially, we're really growing with brands, with content that that is carried on almost every platform and generating real economic value. The Studio business, it's a long cycle business. We've talked about for a long time. I think we've made real progress in terms of our focus. We're going to see, we're going to start to see the line up from James and Peter with the AOW rolling out of the first part of a 5 to 10 year plan on DC this summer with Superman. And it's quite exciting what they have in store, because I think DC has a lot of potential and we've been working on that for two years. And Mike and Pam. we'll start to see their line up this year. So, this year and next year, we'll start to see the films that they had from start to finish with the talent that they believed was going to generate the most value and the most opportunity for growth for the company. And finally, I think we're through some of the worst and it hasn't been pretty on the gaming business. But we have four games that are really powerful and have a real constituency that love them and we're going to focus on those four primarily. And we're going to go away from trying to launch 10, 12, 15, 20 different games. And I think we have a real chance now with Focus to have the gaming business be a steadier. So, I'm very encouraged you know our ambition to get back to at least $3 billion and then start growing. And there's a lot of building blocks that with wind at our back in order to get there. So thank you. On Charter, we love Chris Winfrey's strategy. It's a strategy of embracing multi-channel to the home through the cable distributors and at the same time giving a very contemporary consumer experience. You can watch it on cable. You have your broadband and you could watch it in streaming. I was encouraged to hear their earnings call and hear Chris talk about investing significantly more money in marketing it, because it's all about the consumer. And Charter driving to have a more contemporary consumer experience, where if you're in the home and you want to watch streaming, you can do it. If you want to watch traditional, which, television of free-to-air and cable, you could do it. And there were two parts to that deal. There was our Networks where we make up the majority or a very big portion of basic cable and we've been investing in those networks, whether it's CNN or Food, or HG or ID we still believe we produce a lot of content that gets used on those channels around the world and on Max. And we were able to get meaningful value for those networks because Chris really values - still values the traditional multi-channel business. And we expect and we will drive to maintain those kind of economics across the board. And we're finding real value in our distribution deals domestically and around the world. So that was really an Innovative deal. We hope other distributors will do it. We're in some discussion with some that are quite interested in doing it and we'll just have to see.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. Hey, good morning, guys. I have two. One is, when you dig into the US subscriber number, and it's really you count like it's 3 million. Look at where Netflix is. I know they are years ahead of you. What do you think that have been a gating factor? What will be the factors that can help you close that gap over time? So where do you think you are underpenetrated and what are you doing about that? And then, internationally, David, there's definitely been some chatter that some of your competitors are thinking about partnering internationally would be open to it. How do you see given your strength internationally interest or potential and partnering with some other streaming competitors to get more scale? So how do you think about that philosophically? Thanks.
David Zaslav: I'm going to have JB talk about the US subscriber piece. Look, for a very long time, I've been talking about bundling. And the bundling originally was a better consumer opportunity on the economic side. But what we've learned is, it really needs to be a better product, so that the consumer can come in and not just pay less for a two products or so for three products together. But also can navigate seamlessly between those products. And we're seeing a lot of strength in this partnership with Disney and Hulu. And it's early, but the subscriber growth is significant, and the consumer satisfaction is quite high. We're doing that in a number of markets. I think, getting into these markets with local sport, local entertainment and, and the HBO and Max content, together with the relationships, we have in each of these markets internationally, I think is giving JB and our company, a big advantage. JB just talk to that a little bit and then the US.
JB Perrette: Yeah, I mean, as I look the demand for Max as a product in every conversation we have with partners outside the US and in the US is very high and growing. And I’d say particularly as it may seem like we're coming later to the market. The flip side is, they've learned a lot over the last few years about some of the other products that are in market and the specialty products that may be in market that they originally partner with and ultimately saying, we need something that's broader and that's higher quality. And the flight to quality that Gunnar mentioned in his comments, I think is true also about the consumer where ultimately people are looking more and more for the service that has a curated higher quality experience, and Max delivers that in space. And so, the demand on the partner side to find innovative ways to help us drive distribution, it's very high and it's key as we are seeing our international rollout accelerate and it’s part of what's driving that growth. And it ties back to your question on the US, Michael, the reality is. I think there's two things in the US you got to remember. Number one is our mix is changing. We are growing on a retail and a hybrid basis based on the fact that we still have - we're still facing the headwinds of wholesale declines, just like the Pay TV universe based on the legacy HBO model. And so, while that bucket is continuing to drain a bit, we are refilling it and in some cases more than refilling it, with retail stuff. So we are seeing growth there. The penetration gap, as you mentioned is largely in lower income, more price-sensitive households. Some $100,000 households, where naturally the fact that they already have maybe one or two other streaming services. We become a in-demand, but harder to finance proposition. And so, the solution there, we look at is really three things in particular. The ad-lite SKU is obviously very important to us and that one I think is obviously the best way we can penetrate those more price-sensitive consumers. The bundles you're seeing us do with the likes of Disney and Hulu. we're seeing very early, but very good progress of trying to figure out how to figure out new ways to grow with more price-sensitive consumers. And then the partnerships that David mentioned earlier with the likes of a Charter, with the likes of Door Dash and some of the other partnerships we’ve done in the marketplace are helping us find new angles and new paths to get to those more pricing decisions.
David Zaslav: Finally, Michael, I've been saying for a long time, this is an industry that really needs to meaningfully consolidated. And it's really driven by the consumer experience. Consumers put on a TV set and they see 16 apps. And each of those are doing different pricing and you're seeing it with your phone and Googling where a show is or where a sport is and you're going from one to another and there's so many that you have. You have to go to a separate page. It's just not a good consumer experience. It's not sustainable. And there probably should have been more meaningful consolidation, whether that's through and you're starting to see it now. You're starting to see fairly large players saying, hey, maybe I should be a part of you or maybe I should be a part of somebody else. But also and with you that could happen by one could be bundling, the other could be actually coming together where some of these players will not have independent offerings but will only be offered domestically or internationally as a pairing or where you would maybe give a little bit of equity to some of the players depending on the market. And finally, just outright consolidation of an industry that is in a generational disruption that's facing real challenges. And we have an upcoming new administration and it's too early to tell. But it may offer a pace of change and an opportunity for consolidation that may be quite different that would provide a real positive and accelerated impact on this industry that's needed. These are great companies and if the best content is going to win, there needs to be some consolidation for in order to have these businesses be stronger and to have a better consumer experience.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question, will come from Rich Greenfield with Lightshed Partners. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I know you all don't usually comment on specific upcoming renewals. But I think you have a host of deals coming up for renewal with Comcast both domestically, as well as abroad with their Sky division. And I guess, what gives you confidence as you head into this global renewal with Comcast and Sky, especially without the NBA and I realized there's a lawsuit still in process there. But investors certainly view the renewal as critical sustainability of the cable network cash flows. And I think, just relating to your consolidation point a minute ago, David, I think the sustainability of those cable networks plays a lot into how people think about the potential of longer term strategic maneuver. So anything you could say to help us understand how you're thinking about that renewal would be great.
David Zaslav : Thanks, \well, we don't talk about timing or really about the specific deals. But, Brian and I have been in business together for almost 40 years. And we've done - we've been doing deals together domestically. We did deals, we're together with Sky in the UK, Germany and Italy. And we've done all kinds of deals on AdTech, on advertising in order to create value for both companies. And we're - so as I look to the future, I think one that we have content that's highly valued. And that provides a very big portion of the value of the basic cable bundle, because we're investing so much in providing unique content. And I think that's recognized by all distributors. And we look forward at, then we’re even in business with Comcast on with Harry Potter and which has been hugely successful for them and very successful for us. And so, I expect that we'll be doing a lot more stuff together in the future.
Rich Greenfield: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich : Hi, a couple of questions. David, you kind of just alluded to this, but there's been big news flow recently with the best outcome politically, you would think for M&A with the Republican sweep. One of your competitors says on their call last week that they were considering spinning out cable networks and their emerging streaming. Another competitor said in their proxy you guys were in discussions. So, given all of that as a backdrop, can you give us your current views of a sale or spin of some assets and/or acquiring other assets and maybe your views of a possibility of someone rolling up cable networks? And then, a completely separate question JB just alluded to this, but what do you consider in DTC? What do you consider advertising scale? And can you give us like kind of the benchmark of how you plan on getting there? And when you think you'll get there? Thank you.
David Zaslav : Thanks, Jessica. Look, I don't really have that much more to add to the prepared remarks. But we believe strongly that the current stock price doesn't adequately reflect the underlying value of these great assets that we have. And we're hard at work which you are beginning to see. Then we're seeing the results of executing operationally, domestically around the world to drive significant transformation of this company and meaningful growth. And of course, as you would expect, we're always looking at ways to enhance shareholder value. That's our focus. That's our Board's focus every day and that's what we're doing.
JB Perrette : Jessica, on the, ad side, the shortest way to answer that I think is that we are again in a very early innings of what we call at scale. And the levers are primarily driven by three things. Obviously, the reach of our ad supported SKU which and David and Gunnar mentioned in their prepared remarks. We are - we were in one market as of a year ago, we're now in over 45, but that's less than six months old. And so, we believe on the reach side we still have enormous runway in the quarters ahead. On the ad load side, we are we are light - we don't put any ads today in the HBO current series as an example. We don't break up the content. We have some pre-rolled content that we are making sponsorship. But we don't put anything in there. We have very light ad load compared to most of our competitors in the market. So there is room to grow in the capacity side. And then on the pricing and ad capability side, we are again very early in terms of ad format innovation to try and drive more innovative, creative formats for partners and marketers to work with us. And so, those three levers are going to provide a great amount of scale. So I think we're in the early innings of the advertising revenue growth stream.
David Zaslav : But we have seen on cable that too much advertising really presents consumer challenges in terms of how nourished they are and how much they like the platform. And it's one of the reasons why, as we built quality platform globally with the best content, the best local content in sport that we don't want to make that same mistake that this industry may and as others, add a lot of inventory, we really like the idea that we're not doing that. You're not going to be interrupted watching House of the Dragon or White Lotus at least for the foreseeable future. We think part of the quality is the quality of the experience.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft: Hi. Good morning. I guess, I want to ask two if I could? Just first on pricing. How much of a D2C revenue driver do you anticipate price increases will be over the next couple of years? Can you talk about how much pricing power you think you have today and how important growing engagement is in order to sustain that going forward? And then I just had one on the cost side. Gunnar, can you talk about the opportunity to lower cost in the Linear Networks business next year in order to mitigate, obvious continued secular revenue declines in advertising and affiliates? Thank you.
JB Perrette: Yeah. Thanks, Bryan. We, look, on the pricing side, I’d say, we've - from what we've seen over the last two years in the US we've done two price rises. We think the premium nature of our product in particular lends us to be - to have a fair amount of room to continue to push price. We've been judicious about it, but every price rise we've done so far the churn has actually been lower than we projected and expected and the retention continues to be strong. The other thing that we haven't seen, which is sort of a form of a price rise, if you will. And I mentioned it earlier is that, we haven't done anything. We will kick off some very soft messaging later this quarter around password sharing and that as we kick into ‘25 and into ’26 you’ll see more and more progress on that, which in effect is a form of a price rise as well as the asking members who have not signed up or multi-household members to pay a little bit more. And so you're going to see that as an additional kicker. And then internationally, I'd say, it's an a place where we have and actually, we've been more judicious I'd say on price and as we get the product rolled out. Remember, we're only fairly six months into the roll out internationally that we see additional opportunity. Not to mention it's the last thing I’d say is, as we have – and Gunnar said, we're focusing on LTV, as well. And so the price is critical, clearly, but the retention dynamics and some of the value, even at a slightly lower price in the absolute ARPU level of these bundles, we're starting to see really, really positive signs of the retention that make us much more confident on the growing LTV on those subscribers sent on.
David Zaslav: One of the advantages of the bundles is, it's a true Direct-To-Consumer offering. So there is no shared revenue with any of these - the channel stores that have been effective in trucking, building service. So that you can actually do a consumer discount and you could still have your ARPU higher, because all the economics are coming to each of the bundle products.
Gunnar Wiedenfels : And then, Bryan, on the cost side, look, we'll continue to be incredibly disciplined and focused here. We have taken out billions of dollars out of our reported cost base to cite operating in a highly inflation environment for the past three years. And we'll continue to work on that. We still have some structural measures that took a little longer to implement. Those are infrastructure measures. Your broadcast technology and operations measures et cetera. And those are still going to flow through over the next year and beyond. The – so the long term big opportunity on the content side from my perspective is and we've talked about this before that so far, it's pretty much a one way street of companies supporting D2C with content as that product scales and JB and Casey and Gerard internationally produce more and more fresh content for that platform that may. And at some point lead to greater library opportunity for the Linear business, as well. And it’s a little more longer term, but there will definitely be opportunities. And then, on the other hand we are investing more in sports as you know we've let up a number of new rights. And this is a high margin business with a largely fixed cost base. So I don't want you to take away that we're going to be able to fully offset the pressures that we're expecting on the revenue side.
David Zaslav : But the but the economics that we're seeing, we have held back the billion dollars of additional content that that we could have solved and or that we're that less than the prior year. It's that you can really see as an investment in our Max and HBO streaming service to have something…
Gunnar Wiedenfels : That's right. As I said in my prepared remarks, this is mostly affecting the Studio obviously, but, David is right. I mean, this is several hundred million or billion depending on where you normalize content licensing as a revenue stream. But we have had, as I said, lower availabilities this year and we have deliberately sold a lot of that internally, which is a pretty hefty impact on profitability because we're paying our participants on the basis of internal revenues, not the consolidated WBD revenue number. And, you're right, that is an investment that we're hoping to great returns on over the next few years in our D2C business.
David Zaslav : But we do have a number of every few year products coming up next year that will be critical …
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Essentially all of the – with the coming years, they are going to be better than what we saw this year.
Bryan Kraft: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne : Thanks. Good morning. I'm going to just maybe finish up that comment. As we think about the Studio, like I think it’s poised to a bounce back profit-wise next year nicely. See if you gave us the write-downs on the games, are there any more maybe in theatrical that you could quantify and just want to confirm, if you think TV licensing still has healthy growth in ’25 versus ’24 after the kind of post strikes snapbacks? And then, David, just kind of going back to strategic stuff. I think everybody would agree or stock is trading like a company that's declining in earnings sort of the foreseeable future. I think some look at your company and say you've got a growth business or growth businesses in the Studio and Streaming and you have businesses that are declining in Networks and so why not separate those? So my question to you is, you’ve talked a lot about kind of one Discovery or one Warner Bros. Discovery since the merger, what are the benefits of owning all these businesses inside of one company? And do you see those as substantial and meaningful and important in sort of the long term investment opportunity at WBD? Or are you open to changing your mind or thinking about different permutations that might make sense to unlock value? Thanks. Thank you both.
David Zaslav : Okay, Ben, so look, you're 100% right about the Studio bounce back. And it's really across the board. I do think as we've discussed at length, I think the Film group is going to see better results. We do think that Channing business at WBD, the WBTV production, is going to continue this momentum. We, we have made investments on the tours and retail side franchises, an area that we still think is going to have significant opportunity. Games, to your point is definitely set to recover and content licensing as we just discussed a minute ago is certainly going to be higher from a 2024 starting base. So that's why we have been so confident in our statement that we're going to see $3 billion and then growth from there. Now is that all going to materialize in 2025? We'll see. A lot of those decisions will still need to make and it's going to depend on the individual business units. But I think we have a very sustainable long-term growth story ahead here for this for the Studio from here. On the One WBD point, look, especially when it comes to content, this is an area where we see the benefits of running this company on an integrated basis, every single day. David had it in his prepared remarks that The Penguin example and again, we've made a ton of progress. We're also still in the early Innings. So we are definitely getting a return here from running WBD as one integrated company.
Andrew Slabin: Okay. Thank you, everybody. That concludes our formal remarks today and we appreciate you taking the time to join us.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, this does conclude the Warner Bros. Discovery third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Additionally, please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may now begin.
Andrew Slabin : Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Warner Bros. Discovery's Q2 earnings call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, Chief Financial Officer; and JB Perrette, CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. Today's presentation will include forward-looking statements that we made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements may include comments regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. For additional information on factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. In addition, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures on this call. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the closest GAAP financial measure can be found in our Earnings Release and in our Trending Schedules, which can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav : Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us. This has been a busy, productive quarter, albeit against the backdrop of what continues to be tough market conditions. Two-plus years after launching our company, we are still in the midst of a long-term transition, marked by many notable progress points as well as some tough challenges. Our direct-to-consumer business is doing very, very well, and we see a tremendous amount of upside. At the same time, there are tough conditions in the legacy business. With that as a frame, let me walk you through some of the highlights. On the direct-to-consumer side, as the home of the Olympics in Europe, Max and Discovery+ are the only place to watch virtually every minute of the Olympic Games, and it's really worked for us. It's been a multi-platform experience spanning linear, digital, social, and streaming, with more than 141 million people engaged across our channels and platforms. We purposely timed the launch of Max in Europe to capitalize on the attention around the Olympics. It was a heavy lift, and it paid off. We broadcast the games on Max and Discovery+, on Linear TV, and online through our Eurosport channels, to 47 markets in 20 different languages. A challenging endeavor by any measure, and yet the team at our broadcast center in the heart of Paris has made it look easy. More importantly, the response from consumers since the start of the Games has exceeded our highest expectations, both in terms of subscriber growth and viewership. The success of the Olympics, and our whole offering, reflects an incredible amount of work over the last two years, fighting to make our content available outside the U.S, and now we are finally there, in Latin America and in Europe. We are now a global streaming service, and one of the strongest international media companies in the world. It's an important and strategic advantage, with films, series, local content, local sports, and the very best original entertainment in markets around the world, which is an absolute requisite for a successful direct-to-consumer business. I am convinced that to be successful, you have to be global. It's a core belief I had at Discovery, and our global attack plan at Discovery was what fueled the majority of our shareholder value creation there. And now, after 18 months of rebuilding our product and platform at Max, refocusing our proposition and brand, restructuring our cost, and reloading our content arsenal, we're beginning to really scale and grow the service worldwide, and momentum is building. We are only just beginning to unlock the global value opportunity that exists. We added 2 million subscribers sequentially in the first quarter, and more than 3.6 million subscribers in the second quarter, and it's worth noting that we began launching in Europe in the middle of the quarter, with only 2 weeks of House of the Dragon, and before the Olympics had even kicked off. And we'll see even greater subscriber growth this quarter. Meanwhile, we've scaled the platform while driving increased revenue. We have lots of runway still ahead and real momentum. Our big advantage is our channels, infrastructure, and local teams in almost every market that can now all row together to promote our SVOD service. Max is finally in 65 international markets, and yet still not present in almost half the global addressable markets, including sizable streaming markets where our content and franchises have significant fan bases like Australia, Japan, the UK, Germany, and Italy. We intend to continue our drumbeat of new market launches over the next 18 to 24 months. At the same time, we've been very active in reimagining our existing partnerships with international distributors of our linear channels to encourage them to support the distribution of Max in ways that are a true win-win for both parties. These partnerships help get Max on the devices of more consumers faster and at a fraction of the acquisition cost. We've done more than 150 of these deals to date in Europe and in Latin America, and you'll begin to see them really pay off, and we have more to come. We've also been big proponents of bundling, given the benefits it can provide on lowering the cost of entry for consumers, reducing churn, and having an overall more positive consumer experience. And we continue to lead in this space with key players around the world, including a new bundle launched last month with Claro, the biggest cable distributor in Brazil. The bundle offers Max, Netflix, and Global Play, the largest local streamer in the market, and Claro TV+. Here in the US two weeks ago, we launched the ultimate bundle in the Disney+, Hulu, Max package. We've been extremely pleased with the response from consumers and look forward to tracking and updating you on what we believe is a compelling consumer experience that will provide an even stronger retention profile. And in the fall, we'll roll out Venu Sports with ESPN and Fox. Of course, the most important driver of our direct-to-consumer growth is great content, and we have one of our strongest lineups over the next two-plus years to support our global expansion. Among the many highlights from the quarter, Season 2 of the hit series House of the Dragon and the Hard Knocks franchise featuring the Giants, which have both done incredibly well. Looking ahead, we're excited for the highly anticipated HBO series, The Penguin, written and directed by Matt Reeves, premiering in September. The new Dune Series coming in November. Blockbuster international titles like the New Series CITY OF GOD: THE FIGHT RAGES ON, premiering later this month. Along with new seasons of hit shows The White Lotus and The Last of Us coming next year, just to name a few. Bottom line, the increased momentum we're enjoying underpins our outlook for positive EBITDA in the second half of the year, which will set us up well to deliver on our goal of achieving over $1 billion in EBITDA in 2025. Our direct-to-consumer business has also been a meaningful driver for advertising. In fact, ad sales had its biggest streaming quarter ever in Q2, in part driven by greater engagement, increased ad-like subscribers, and early international traction. This contributed to a notable sequential reduction in total company advertising declines to 3% from 7% in Q1. While trends across our advertising business continue to reflect the bifurcation in the broader ad market, we remain encouraged by the healthy momentum and growing scale we see in streaming. Turning to the upfront, we performed well relative to the industry. Max volume grew by almost 50% as clients continue to see great value in our upscale and younger skewing audience, as well as in sponsorship opportunities in award-winning content like Season 3 of the hit series, The White Lotus. In linear, we did especially well in sports, with strong pricing and double-digit volume growth, led by increased demand for our coverage of March Madness, Major League Baseball, NBA, the NHL, including the Stanley Cup Finals, and new properties like NASCAR and the French Open. Shifting focus to our studio business, we are still in the midst of what we have said will be a multi-year turnaround. There's been a great response to Twisters, which were 50% partners with Universal Pictures and Amblin. The film has become a nearly $275 million box office hit, and one of the year's top 10 highest-grossing films worldwide. We're excited for what's ahead, with Beetlejuice 2 coming in September, and Joker: Folie à Deux, starring Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga, premiering in early October. There's also a lot of great stuff coming from DC Studios, across live-action and animated film, television games, and experiences. James and Peter are fully focused on delivering on their 10-year plan for DC. If you just look at the next six months, the new adult animated series Kite Man premiered on Max in July and is doing very well. The incredibly moving documentary Superman, The Christopher Reeve Story, will have a brief run in theaters in September before coming to Max. As I mentioned, the live-action series The Penguin premieres in September, followed by The Joker in October. Then Creature Commandos, an original animated series from the mind of James Gunn, kicks off in December. And beyond that, James and crew just wrapped on Superman, which is set for release in theaters on July 11th. We can't wait to show this amazing film to a whole new generation of moviegoers. On the Warner Bros. TV side, Channing and her team are currently producing close to 90 live-action scripted, unscripted, and animated series for nearly 20 different platforms. In fact, Warner Bros. Television Group is the only studio with shows on every major platform industry-wide, including Presumed Innocent on Apple TV+, which is now the number one drama series in the history of the platform. This is one of our superpowers. We have the most prolific producer of content for ourselves, as well as third parties. As I've said many times, I believe the best content wins, and we've been working hard over the last few years to bolster our storytelling capability even further. We have the best talent, the best assets, and we're confident this gives us a strong, maybe even the strongest, seat at the table. Pivoting to sports, we're pleased with the growth and activity we're seeing across the business, both in the U.S. and abroad. I mentioned the Olympic Games, which has been a huge driver of growth for us internationally. We also saw strong momentum leading into the Olympics with a record-breaking Roland-Garros across all platforms and our best-ever streaming performance for The Tour de France. We also have a strong sports presence in Latin America, where we achieved record levels of engagement for Max during the knockout stages and finals of the UEFA Champions League. Also of note, we rebranded BT and Eurosport to TNT Sports, which is a leading at-scale and growing sports platform in the U.K. The strength and growth of TNT Sports will be helpful as we launch Max in the U.K. in early 2026. In the U.S., we had a big second quarter with especially strong performances by the NCAA's Men's March Madness National Championship on TBS and the NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs on TNT. As a part of the growth plan we put in place at TNT Sports, we continue to build our strong portfolio of sports rights. In just the last 12 months, we added NASCAR, Roland-Garros Tennis, BIG EAST Men's and Women's Basketball, Mountain West Football, as well as college football playoff games, all multi-year partnerships. These new rights will add scale and breadth to our existing best-in-class portfolio of Major League Baseball, NBA, NHL, U.S. Men's and Women's Soccer, all spread across TBS, TNT, TruTV, Max, House of Highlights, and Bleacher Report. As a result of all this additional quality live sports, we are now also converting TruTV to TNT Sports in Prime in October. All of this will help support the upcoming launch of Venu Sports. When the service rolls out in the fall, fans will have access to an extensive offering of live games and event coverage of all the major professional sports leagues and top college conferences, and popular studio shows and shoulder programming. As we announced last week, this service will be available at a compelling price point that we're confident will appeal to the cord-cutter and cord-never fans not currently served by existing pay-TV packages. Needless to say, we're excited for the future of our sports business and the tremendous value we provide to fans and our partners. I want to make one final point. As you saw, this quarter we recorded a non-cash impairment of the goodwill attributed to our linear networks. It's fair to say that even two years ago, market valuations and prevailing conditions for legacy media companies were quite different than they are today, and this impairment acknowledges this and better aligns our carrying values with our future outlook. Gunnar will have more to say on this in a moment. We recognized early on this was a generational disruption impacting our industry. Requiring us to take bold necessary steps and to pursue opportunities we see across the media landscape to best position Warner Bros. Discovery for the future. We are uniquely advantaged with globally scaled businesses and a capital structure that allow us to make these moves in a thoughtful and strategic way. We have finally launched Max globally and are pursuing bundling opportunities domestically and internationally, all to serve customers around the world with our unparalleled storytelling and content. We are positioned to grow and while there's still lots to do, we are more confident than ever in our global strategy. Local content, local sports, best in class library and quality branded storytelling. A unique recipe few can do. And with that, I'll turn it over to Gunnar.
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Thank you, David. Good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to focus my remarks on a few key topics before I briefly run through the quarter. First, I want to highlight the progress we're making on paying down our debt balance. During the second quarter, we successfully executed a tender for $3.4 billion of debt, utilizing $2.6 billion of cash, capturing $800 million in value from the embedded discount. We funded this debt purchase with free cash flow and an upsized Euro bond offering of EUR1.5 billion. We ended the quarter with $37.8 billion of net debt or around 4 times net leverage. The primary use of our free cash flow will continue to be debt pay down. We will maintain a balanced and flexible posture in weighing the benefits of purchasing debt that may be trading at a deeper discount versus the $3.8 billion that we have maturing through the end of 2025, including $800 million through the end of this year. With a weighted average maturity of nearly 14 years and an average cost of 4.6%, and with our strong free cash flows significantly greater than our maturities in any given year for the foreseeable future, we have an advantageous capital structure to support our transformation and the growth opportunities ahead. I can't stress this point enough. Importantly, we have not wavered in our commitment to achieving our 2.5 times to 3 times gross leverage target. Though admittedly on a longer timeframe than initially anticipated. I am also firmly committed to maintaining our investment grade rating. Second, I'd like to build on David's comments regarding the impairment charge for the network segment. To take a step back first, Warner Bros. Discovery's balance sheet carries significant amounts of goodwill created over a series of past M&A transactions, including the formation of WBD in 2022. And of course, we regularly monitor the value and use of our assets. In the second quarter, a number of triggering events, including the difference between our current market cap and the book value of the company, the continued softness in the U.S. ad market, and uncertainty related to affiliate and sports rights renewals, required us to adjust our planning assumptions and take a $9 billion non-cash impairment charge against the carrying values in the network segment. While I am certainly not dismissive of the magnitude of this impairment, I believe it's equally important to recognize that the flip side of this reflects the value shift across business models, and our conviction and confidence in the growth and value opportunity across studios and our global direct-to-consumer business have never been stronger. Third, and to that point, I am very pleased with the progress we continue to make taking Max around the globe, most recently with the successful rollout across Latin America and Europe. We have seen great momentum over the past quarter and even more so into the current, with the Olympics serving as a fantastic launching pad. We have talked about the substantial investments we've made, the heavy lift, and the multi-year journey we're on, and it finally feels like we're beginning to see the fruits of that labor, both operationally and financially. As David pointed out, with our strong content, both global and local, our global sports, our beloved brands, the state-of-the-art and scalable product platform now available across a rapidly expanding international footprint, and our promotional and operational infrastructure in virtually every territory of the world now fully aligned as one truly global team, we could not be more excited about what lies ahead for our streaming growth story for many years to come. Turning briefly to some of the key highlights from our second quarter results, which I will discuss as always on an ex-FX basis. Continuing with D2C, subscriber-related revenues grew 6% during Q2, largely due to the strong momentum in advertising revenues, while content revenue declined 70%, as we have previously noted, due to the timing of certain large licensing deals in the prior year. Domestic net ad trends remained similar to the recent quarters, that is, continued growth in the retail Max space, which was slightly more than offset by linear wholesale headwinds. As we expected, we did see a modest uptick in churn after March Madness and the conclusion of the NBA and NHL seasons. While we continue to expect the bulk of total subscriber growth to emanate from outside of the U.S., as evidenced by nearly 4 million net ads internationally during Q2, we do expect to see monetization gains from all regions, with perhaps the biggest upside opportunity domestically, at least in the nearer term. We recently raised the domestic ad-free price by $1 and saw a better-than-expected churn during July when the price increase rolled through the existing subscriber base. Streaming ad revenues doubled year-over-year on continued strong demand for Max inventory and the addition of sports content, which drove healthy engagement. We expect meaningful growth ahead as more subscribers opt for the ad-light tier, which represented over 40% of global gross ads last quarter. EBITDA was a negative $107 million, in part impacted by allocation of sports costs and EMEA launch costs. All taken together, D2C is tracking better than our expectations, even with the investment-heavy first half of the year. With key launches behind us, we should begin to pivot towards second-half EBITDA profitability driven by improving subscriber-related revenue trends, continued momentum behind our content slate, stronger engagement fueled by a more personalized content discovery experience, and continued expense discipline. In fact, I expect the D2C segment to be nicely profitable for the full year and with a strong ramp in the second half, which will represent a meaningful step towards our 2025 EBITDA target of at least $1 billion. That said, as I've noted, we will always prioritize investing to secure profitable Max subscribers versus maximizing near-term EBITDA in any given quarter or year. Turning to networks, distribution revenues decreased 8% on a reported basis. Excluding the impact of the AT&T SportsNet, distribution revenues decreased 5% as pay-TV subscribers declined 9% domestically, while domestic affiliate rates increased 5%. Network ad revenue decreased 9% as domestic impressions declined 13% during the quarter and were partially offset by strong sports-related pricing. EMEA continued to outperform and was up nicely during the quarter. I am also pleased that on a total company basis, we enjoyed significant sequential improvement in advertising trends, down 3% in Q2 versus down 7% in Q1. Tying this back to the impairment conversation, this is another great example of how pressure in one segment goes hand-in-hand with tailwinds in another. Finally, on the Olympics, we expect just over $100 million of negative impact to EBITDA, mostly at networks. Recall, this is the final Olympic Games under the agreement we struck in 2015. We are looking forward to our continued partnership with the IOC, as our new Olympics rights agreement will begin with the 2026 Winter Games in Milano Cortina, and which is better aligned to our streaming and pay-TV platforms. Now turning to studios, we enjoyed healthy theatrical revenue growth despite underperformance of recent releases, and aided by strong carryover from Q1 releases. Experiences in consumer product revenues continued to perform nicely, and we remain very upbeat about the opportunity we see in better coordinating processes around managing franchises. Television was down, particularly as we worked through the last of the strike-delayed delivery, which sets us up for a big swing up in the second half. While, as we've called out last quarter, games are still struggling against last year's Hogwarts Legacy comp, and a muted response to Suicide Squad this year. From a modeling standpoint, while the strike impact will present a favorable year-over-year comp on EBITDA during the second half of the year, it will be a headwind to cash content spent. Turning to free cash flow, we generated nearly $1 billion during the quarter, representing a $750 million decrease year-over-year. This was largely driven by two key factors. First, an increase in net content investment against the modest cash savings with the start of the WGA strike in the prior year. Second, lower operating profits partially offset by lower cash restructuring costs. Finally, a few puts and takes to consider for free cash flow during the second half of the year. Number one, like in Q1, we will have our normal semi-annual cash interest payments during the third quarter. Number two, we will be comping against the most strike-impacted quarters last year. And number three, the Olympics will be a meaningful drag on free cash flow during the third quarter, including in part due to working capital dynamics. As such, cash conversion will certainly be lower than the very elevated levels last year. That said, I remain confident in our ability to continue to both generate meaningful free cash flow in the second half and pay down debt. We expect to finish the year at lower net leverage than at the start of the year. I remain very proud of our organization's dedication, resiliency, and focus while maintaining the flexibility and adaptability within an industry going through so much change. I feel confident with the path that we're on, and I believe we have made the right investments while better aligning our capital allocation with discipline to set the company up for long-term success. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator, and David, JB, and I will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Robert Fishman with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Robert Fishman : Hi, good afternoon. Thank you. I'm curious, now with over 100 million DTC subscribers, how do you think about the future of Max in the streaming marketplace and whether you have a preference to exploring formal JVs either in the U.S. or internationally or looking to expand the content offering through third-party licensing deals? And then maybe for Gunnar, if you can help us think about the Goodwill write-down, can you just talk a little bit more about the uncertainty with the outcome of the NBA and how that led to any sensitivities around future affiliate fee negotiations? Thank you.
David Zaslav : Thanks, Robert. As you know, we spent the last two years rebuilding Max and we are at our core of a global media company. We have infrastructure in every country. We have local content and sports in most countries, and we have relationships with distributors. So we've really been kind of chomping at the bit to get this product launched globally. In order to be competitive and ultimately to be long-term and have sustainable growth, we think one of the key advantages is that we are and can be a global leader. The fact that we're now launched in Latin America and we launched in the second half of the quarter in Europe, we're off to a terrific start. It'll be a blend. We're seeing real growth, as you've seen, almost 4 million subscribers internationally last quarter. We'll see more this quarter. We're also in the U.S., we're off to a very good start with our Disney bundle and so I think this is all going to be driven by the consumer experience. The offering that we have and the content that we have is working very well in Europe and Latin America, and in some cases, like the example I gave in Brazil, or it's very early, but what we believe will be a very compelling consumer offering with Disney+ and with Hulu, that all of those will add to sustainable and more accelerated [Technical Difficulty] JB?
JB Perrette : All right. We lost you – or I list you for a second. Look, echoing David's comments, we have – the exciting thing about the international rollout is we have more and more partners outside of the U.S. who are coming to us saying, ‘hey, we'd love to figure out ways to do more things together, whether that be as David said on the traditional distribution side, whether that be other players in the streaming space. And particularly, which is important, outside the U.S., local content players in a lot of markets who are looking for a partner and look at us as having a very strong platform capability and obviously an incredible international content offering and lineup that we can do something together. So, we've had a lot of strength already, as some of the examples David's shown, but we do have a lot of active conversations with additional partners that will help us scale and help us localize and get more local content into these offerings as we roll out, which we'll certainly tell you more about over the weeks and months to come.
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Okay Robert, this is Gunnar. Little more color on the Goodwill impairment. And to get straight to the point here, there is no one factor that is driving this impairment. So the way this works is obviously with the amount of goodwill that we have, there's a systematic process that we go through every quarter and we're monitoring for so-called triggering events. And this is clearly where a sports right discussion like the one with the NBA comes into play as a triggering event, which then compels us to re-evaluate our business case in a strategic planning process with the latest assumptions, the best view of where the industry is and how we play in that field. And that's what then leads to evaluation, which in the second quarter happened to be $9.1 billion below what was on the books for the network segment. So it's really a full re-evaluation, not a response to one individual factor. I do think that the outcome is, from my perspective, consistent with where the market is, where not only the linear television market, but also what, frankly, the investment community reflects in our current share price. And I do want to go back to what I said a minute ago. There is a very significant other side of the coin here, right. David mentioned the distribution deals that we're engaging in on a global basis. We're increasingly talking about both sides of our business. This is really a distribution ecosystem in transition, not a content ecosystem in transition. And we're using our content increasingly and increasingly more successfully in the streaming space and less so on the linear side. The ad sales, the outcomes up front here in the U.S. are another example as I mentioned earlier. So I just want to stress that point as well. There is a transition in the industry. There is a transformation of the company. We are actively driving that to some extent. And the goodwill impairment at the end of the day is the accounting reflection of that state of the industry and our strategy.
Robert Fishman : Great. Thank you all.
David Zaslav: Great. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Michael Ng with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Ng : Hey, good afternoon. Thank you for the question. I just have two. First one, on video games. Warner acquired Player First Games last month, but there's certainly been some uneven performance within games over the last couple of years, but clearly lots of potential as well. Could you just talk a little bit about the strategic value of video games for Warner Brothers and whether you view it as a core part of the portfolio? And then I have a quick follow-up.
David Zaslav: JB?
JB Perrette : Yes, look. I think we look at the evolution of the storytelling and interactive entertainment as a space and say it's one of the unique areas in media that is growing, both growing in terms of time spent, growing in terms of engagement, and growing in terms of revenue. And so we still see this as a huge opportunity for us. We know that our franchise is particularly in a world where the gaming industry, launching brand new franchises is getting harder and harder for a number of reasons, including IDFA deprecation and more challenges with marketing and customer acquisition. And that franchises, like the ones that we have, are in high demand and can help in launching games. Now, you still need a great game. And the reality is we've had the unfortunate, in the short period of 12 months, we went from having the record year that we had in 2023 with Hogwarts Legacy, to unfortunately having the opposite side of that spectrum with Suicide Squad. And it is still, they will still be a hit driven nature of some of that business, but one of the areas that we are particularly leaning into, is the – which is about half of the $200 billion games business, is the free to play space. And the player first deal was really about strengthening our capabilities in that space, because we do think we are subscale and we have more opportunities to grow in that space, which is a big part of the market. And when we do, that it will help also provide some more balance to our games business from the inevitable cyclicality of more console based releases, which have a three to four year time horizon and a little bit more lumpiness, even when you do get it right. And so we continue to be strong believers in the game space. We want to continue to see and figure out how we lean into it and get bigger in that space, and we'll certainly tell you more about it as time goes on.
David Zaslav: One of the strategic advantages of owning all of our IP is, as the world has changed, it used to be you launch a movie or you launch a TV series and then you do a game. But one of the reasons that Hogwarts Legacy was so successful and the number one game last year is that you went to Hogwarts Legacy and you entered the game and you were able to become part of that world. And that ultimately, I think, is a big piece of where this industry is going. It will create a movie, whether it's Batman or Superman or Harry Potter, and then maybe there'll be a TV show. But the ability to go into that world and have that experience of spending time with all the characters is something that we still own. We have 11 studios here and we have a lot of IP, and there's also a lot of interest among others in coming to take advantage of some of that IP for gaming, which we're looking at. Because as JB said, we need to get bigger, and the IP that we own and the value that it has in the gaming space, is something we're looking to take advantage of.
Michael Ng: Great. Thanks David. Thanks JB. And then second, I was just wondering if you could talk about the strategy around carriage negotiations, just given the potential changes related to NBA programming. Are there any changes in terms of the number of carriage deals that come up in the next year or so, just given the wide expectation of the NBA negotiation that just wrapped up? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks Michael. I'm not going to speak to any specific negotiation or specific piece of content or IP, but this is what we do for a living. We're in 200 countries. Aside from the excitement and drive that we have around Max and our studio business of being the biggest maker of TV content and our library business, is that we have free-to-air and cable channels all over the world and those channels are B2B businesses. They require carriage agreements. And we've been in that business for 40 years. We've been very effective in that business. And it's our job, whether it's a food channel or an entertainment channel or a sports channel, to make sure that we have a very robust offering of content that nourishes and excites an audience. So that, one, they want to spend a lot of time with us, so that we can monetize it with advertising. But two, that distributors get significant value by carrying that, and therefore pay us significant value. And we've been able to get meaningful increases for our content, and we've worked very hard here in the U.S. and around the world, whether it be sports channels or other channels, to make sure that our offering is robust and meaningful. And as you look at our different sports services around the world, you'll see that we may be the leader or we are one of the leaders of sports globally.
Michael Ng: Excellent! Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Benjamin Swinburne : Thanks. Good afternoon. David, there's been a lot released in the press over the last few weeks or months about kind of unlocking value at the company through everything from kind of smaller asset sales to splitting the company up. You and Gunnar talked about the strength at D2C. That's a business that could be pretty interesting as a standalone company in the public markets. I'm just wondering if you are considering more aggressive action to try to unlock some value in your stock price, just given all the press speculation out there. And then I know it's a tough question, but certainly investors are wondering how to think about the potential impact of losing the NBA on your basic networks EBITDA. So anything you or Gunnar can share with us as we think about that potential outcome into 2026 would be much appreciated. Thanks so much.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah, I mean, look Ben, on the last point, I mean, we have said in the past that the NBA is a profitable right, and we've been very clear about that. Again, as David said earlier, this is not the time to go into any level of detail. But obviously, you should assume that whatever we just refresh in our analysis appropriately reflects the scenarios that we're seeing. So that's all I want to say about that. And then on the strategic options, and I'll hand it back to David in a second. But just to make one thing clear. First of all, don't expect a specific answer on any individual speculation or rumors out there. But second, look, we're a public company. This is a public company management team, and we're very well aware of our responsibility to have a view on whatever strategic options are out there and the same applies to the board. We are very clearly focused on evaluating everything beyond just running the operational business. So we've said before, you shouldn't be surprised to see us engaging in whatever M&A processes are going on out there. You shouldn't be surprised to see us engaging in partnership discussions. David has been talking about this for quite some time, and where it makes sense, you have seen us engage in those things. Regarding our own portfolio, of course, we are constantly updating our views on the value of the assets in our portfolio, and whether or not we believe that they are properly reflected in the valuation of the company. This is all…
David Zaslav: The strategic value of those I think.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah, yeah. So this is all ongoing professional management, I would say. And to your question specifically, there have been rumors about potentially splitting up the company. Look, we have been operating under the One Warner Brothers Discovery strategy for the past two and a half years since creating Warner Brothers Discovery. And every day I'm seeing evidence everywhere in the business of the benefits of those strategies. David mentioned in a sentence earlier that the DC 10 year plan, just seeing how that team is now leveraging all of our assets, all of our IP, our various business units, all the cash registers that we can coordinate, I have no doubt that we're going to get great results. And it is important to be able to use all of that across distribution platforms and across business units. So the focus is on running the business. The focus is on making sure that we get the studio to where it should be. It's an incredibly valuable asset from my perspective. And unfortunately, that business, as JB alluded to for the game space, the same is true for film and TV production. It takes a little longer to see the results of the very significant changes that the team has been making. And then third, as you've heard us say multiple times on this call already, we're really starting to see the fruits of our labor in the D2C space. And the studio and the D2C segment have, from my perspective, a tremendous value opportunity. And once we start seeing more evidence for that and seeing more materialization of that value, I believe that corporate structure is actually a secondary consideration. I don’t know, David any…?
David Zaslav: I would just add that the market conditions within the traditional business are tough and they are challenging. But from our perspective, two years ago, we saw that the business was being generationally disrupted. And so we did an awful lot of work to get our balance sheet in good shape. We have a terrific capital structure. Our debt is – we view our debt as an asset. We're generating meaningful free cash flow. We're investing substantially in content. We're a storytelling company. The strength of this company is that we're a global storytelling company with content that works well all around the world, local and entertainment and sports, and so we feel very good about where we are. And we have to, as Gunnar said, look at all and consider all options. But the number one priority is to run this company as effectively as possible. And you will see as our studio begins to grow and if our global direct-to-consumer business scales the way we believe it's going to, then that'll be very apparent to investors, and we expect that that'll create shareholder value.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks guys, I appreciate the answer.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Kutgun Maral: Good afternoon. This is Kutgun Maral on for Vijay. Thanks for taking the question. Just one on the EBITDA outlook. I know that you are not providing guidance, but it's tough to have a lot of visibility given linear challenges, DTC investments, and the hate-driven nature of the studio. But I wanted to see if you could help level set expectations a bit for the back half. Gunnar, the outlook you provided on DTC was certainly very encouraging. Can you help us and maybe walk through some of the other moving pieces? Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels:  Sure. So again, as you said, I'm not in a position to provide detailed guidance. But if we go through the segments a little bit here, again, we're expecting a very significant step forward on the D2C side. On the studio side, as I mentioned, we have two big films in the pipeline. Also, generally speaking, if you compare the release schedules this year versus last year, I would say a little more beneficial with only one film in December, whereas last year we took a lot of marketing expenses and didn't get a lot of the benefit of some of the late releases in December. So that's definitely a factor. But I also, as you said, want to point out that each one of those are hit-driven and create some volatility as well. Elsewhere in the studio, certainly in the TV production business, things should get a lot better. We're now coming into the part of the year that was deeply impacted by the strike last year, so that should be a helper. On the network side…
David Zaslav: On the TV side, which is encouraging, there is quantifiably a lot less investment in the marketplace in purchasing TV content. And we're not really seeing that. I think it represents the fact that we have very high-quality content. Our content is working very well. We have strong IP that's known. And so Channing and the team are seeing – the numbers are looking...
Gunnar Wiedenfels: 83 ongoing productions on air, pretty much unaffected by any of those trends.
David Zaslav: Yep.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: On the network side, again, as I said, we're not seeing a lot of change in the linear ad market environment in the U.S. It's differentiated. I called out earlier that Europe is actually looking almost surprisingly strong in some of the markets. That's definitely a positive outlier. But to your point, visibility is not high in that market. And I don't want to make any predictions beyond the point that in the U.S., Q3 is typically also a little bit of a weaker quarter for us, given the timing of our sports schedule. And remember, we have the Olympics in Europe, which is a smaller ad market relative to those rights, whereas in the U.S., if anything, we're taking a little bit of a hit from that event being ongoing. And so those are the building blocks that I'm happy to provide, and I hope that's helpful Vijay.
David Zaslav: On the motion picture side, it is a long cycle business. But we have a really good team with Mike and Pam, and it is encouraging that we just have back-to-back movies this summer that are generating real value. We're rooting for that. As we launch Beetlejuice, which there's some early, very positive data that we're getting, the idea that people seem to be going back to the theater for good movies that provide some compelling or unique storytelling. We also have Joker coming up, and we've been really pushing to get Warner Brothers back aggressively into the motion picture business, whether it be DC and Warner. So we're encouraged by that, and we're encouraged by our slate ahead. We're still working our way through the slate that we inherited, and we're much more optimistic about what we have ahead.
Kutgun Maral: That's very helpful. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich : Thanks. I think we all appreciate the massive efforts that you guys are putting in to restore the studios, plural, Warner Brothers and DC, as well as your TV operations, and also of course Max and HBO. But I guess at the end of the day, with the steady decline in the pay-TV universe and obviously no let-up in sight, is it or will it be enough to offset? What you're doing, is it enough to – on a consolidated basis, is it enough to offset this? So David said earlier, your position for growth. Gunnar, I know you discussed 1WBD. When do you foresee consolidated earnings growing on a sustainable basis? So that's one thing. And the second thing on the NBA loss, if you don't win the matching rights lawsuit, are the more recent sports acquisitions and maybe some upcoming rights enough to close the gap?
David Zaslav:  I'm not – we can't really, you know we're in a litigation. And at this point, we've handed it off to our lawyers. We have confidence in our position. The judge will decide whether our matching right, which is 11 pages long, represents a mat – and whether our, what we offered matched or not and we'll see. We're getting back to work and the lawyers will handle this and the judge will decide and off we'll go.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Jessica, on your first question, look, there is no doubt to us as a management team that the answer to that question is yes. We believe there's tremendous upside opportunity, both in the D2C business and in the studio business. And it is enough to offset what's happening on the linear side. Again, as I said, we just went through another strategic discussion, strategic planning process with our board, and we have a strong plan that supports this. I'm not in a position to perfectly predict when this is going to happen. Am I disappointed about the impairment? Yes. Am I disappointed that the trends in the linear business haven't been a little better? You know, there's been talk about recovery a year, year and a half ago. It hasn't really happened. It is what it is. We're managing this as best we can. The key point here is, that on the D2C side, we're finally after two years of heavy investment, hard work, at the point where we're ready to accelerate. And as you heard from us, we believe we are going to see an acceleration on the top line and we have significant opportunity across every driver of the business and we've been very clear. We've talked for a while about the $1 billion mark and EBITDA for 2025. That is a starting point, not an ending point. So we have a lot of confidence in that. And on the studio side as well, I can share a little bit more. The level of effort and rigor that is going into virtually every step along the value chain in the studio, from Greenlight through the physical production, the windowing approach, the coordination between the various teams, it's a night and day difference. It takes a little while to become effective. 2025 is really going to be the year when the first films, Greenlit by Mike and Pam are going to dominate the slate. JB has talked about the long development cycles on the game side, etc. So there's no question about it. The studio can operate at a very, very significantly higher level of performance.
David Zaslav: And JB, I think it would be helpful. This is something that you and I are talking about every day, but we have an attack plan meeting every week, all hands on. Talk about – lay out the growth drivers for direct to consumer that gives us now where, what we're seeing and why we have some real substantial confidence in the acceleration of growth and the acceleration of profit in our direct-to-consumer global business.
JB Perrette: Yeah, I mean look, we talked about our growth leverage. Obviously international growth and roll outs in more markets is by far the biggest, so that’s number one. Number two is, we have obviously a content slate, which as we’ve talked about on prior calls. The first nine to 12 months post the U.S. launch between just timing of somewhat, both series being out of cycle. The strikes obviously didn’t help. We unfortunately had one of our weakest content slates. We now go into a period, where thanks to all the great work from Casey and his team, the improved Pay 1 slate that David and Gunnar have just talked about, and more Max originals, as well as the great content from the U.S. net side, that we have probably one of the strongest content lineups with all of our tent poles coming back, starting with House of the Dragon obviously this quarter, but over the next 18 months or so. And so we feel great about the content slate, which is clearly a massive driver of our success. Our ARPU story is a third one where you've seen us obviously raise price in the U.S. We're raising price outside the U.S. We're also changing rev shares outside the U.S., which historically in some of the wholesale agreements on the HBO side. We feel we're underpriced, so we're driving that. We're rolling out an Ad Light product in many more markets, previously Ad Light on HBO. The old HBO Max was only in the U.S. We've now rolled it out in 39 markets across LATAM, a handful of markets across Europe. We're looking to roll it out in more markets. So advertising will become a bigger and bigger play for us. The product experience is one that we've talked a lot about, but the reality is we said a year ago when we rolled out Max in the U.S., the product went from not great to good, but it's not – still got a ways to get to world class, and we're working every day to improve features, to improve the personalization in the product, the recommendation in the product and that takes time. It's a game of inches that we're continuously driving. Another lever as David talked about earlier, is just the distribution agreements. We are partnering with more and more partners who can get us to market and in front of more customers and on more devices faster, to accelerate our rollout and do it in a more efficient and effective way. And then last but not least, we are rolling out obviously our password sharing crackdown, which we've said before, will start towards the end of this year and bleed into 2025 and so that'll be another revenue driver. And so we look at the building blocks, not as sort of a what if, could it be a business model exercise, but we see real fundamentals and momentum in our business case for D2C that make us very confident about the profitability in the second half of this year, and also the billion plus going into 2025 and beyond.
David Zaslav:  And look, this global disruption is being felt by everyone. It's a challenge. It's a transition. And as Gunnar said, this is a distribution disruption. People are consuming more content than ever. Our content is stronger than it's ever been. But the fact that it's being felt by so many, we've seen a lot of the local markets, some great content players that don't have platforms. That are looking at us and saying, you are starting to make money, you are starting to scale, maybe I can be a part of you. And if I'm a part of you, then maybe I have a chance of being more successful and turning around the economics of the business that I'm in that's declining. Some of these discussions wouldn't – the challenge and the difficulty, even though we're feeling that pain and we're fighting through it, its providing opportunity. Many of these bundles, they wouldn't be happening if people felt that they were doing terrific on their own. But it's the challenge of the marketplace that's forcing people to say, what makes sense? How could this work better? And what really works about this is the consumer experience right now is not good. And so we're all going to be driven toward, it always works this way. What's the best consumer experience and what is the best content? And so we're being driven through bundling or through – I think you're going to see a number of players become part of other players, and players that are playing in markets in the U.S. or in markets outside the U.S. that were hoping that they could make it alone. At least we believe that you need to be global. And when you look around and you say, who is global and who can I be a part of? Because building a platform for one country, no matter how big, is a huge challenge when you are competing against taking Harry Potter around the world to a billion people above the globe. And so we've positioned ourselves, I think, to be profitable this year, to be now finally global and accelerating, and be in a position where each of these countries around the world and players that have been playing at this and losing money or being challenged, can have – there's only a few people they can reach out to and say, can I come along?
A - Gunnar Wiedenfels: We have a very strong balance sheet. We're fully committed to maintaining that investment grade rating. We're going to generate tremendous free cash flow through the transformation period. And I have no doubt that we're going to come out as a strong and healthy and sustainably growing company on the other side of this.
David Zaslav:  Next question.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today will come from John Hodulik with UBS. Your line is open.
John Hodulik : Yes, thank you. I just wanted to follow-up on JB’s comments. David, I think you mentioned 65 markets now for Max. Just how big could it be? I mean, I can imagine it will be everywhere on the globe, but how many markets do you expect that to get to here? And then, as it relates to the Olympics here in the third quarter, just any sort of more color on how that, you expect that to drive the business, in both in terms of advertising and D2C growth. Thanks.
David Zaslav: Let me just start by saying, we're not in three of them, because the markets where our content has huge appeal, and we see it in the viewership numbers in the UK and in Germany and in Italy. So, at the end of ‘25, which is coming up soon, we'll be launching our own product in the UK. We're also a leader in our own sports product with TNT Sport, which gives us an advantage. And so to come out in those three markets, I think you are going to see real scale. JB, you could talk to – we talked a little bit about Japan and some of our other markets. But it took more than 50% of markets we're not in yet. JB?
JB Perrette: Yes, exactly. The best way to think about the scaling, and we talked about the 18 to 24 month timeframe, but the reality is by first half of ‘26, the vast majority of our rollout will be underway and will have taken place. And David mentioned, we talk about addressable market and the fact that our two bigger peers are in, if you measure theirs, it's 100% of those addressable markets. We're in just over 50% of them today and we're at over 100 million subs. So, you have to do your own thinking of what our penetration and opportunity could be, but we're about half of the addressable market today at 100 million, 103 million subs. We think the opportunity to David's point, and some of those markets are big markets where we know our content and our audiences. We know the size of them is significant. And so, we think in the next 18 to 24 months, the opportunity is certainly easily in the tens and tens of millions of subscribers on top of where we are today.
David Zaslav: And look, that's 50% that we're going to be attacking, we just launched in Europe and Latin America. We launched last quarter and in Europe, we launched in the middle of last quarter. So, we're a couple of weeks in. So we haven't had the yield, which you're going to start to see from those markets over the next several months and you'll see it this coming quarter.
John Hodulik : Great. And the Olympics?
A - Gunnar Wiedenfels: The Olympics, this is the last set of Olympic Games under our old contract that we struck in 2015 and that was a wholesale contract. It had various business benefits for us. There's a large sub-licensing components in both markets where we don't meet the broadcast and free-to-air requirements. There was a big, obviously, digital push to, at the time, roll out to drive the Eurosport player and it's very, very helpful today in the Max rollout. And then over the past eight years, we have benefited very significantly from having these rights in all of our affiliate discussions and renewals. The one thing to keep in mind, we've talked about this in past Olympics years, is that all of the costs are essentially recognized in the quarter where the games take place. That's why in this individual quarter, you are going to see a loss from the Olympics and a little more pronounced free cash flow impact on the negative side, as I called out, because a lot of the benefits are generated over the entire eight-year period. And again, the next games are going to be taking place under our new arrangement, which is much more focused on the pay-TV, and most importantly, the streaming rights and opportunity. And we believe, based on the numbers that we're seeing, that it's going to continue to be a phenomenal driver for engagement and subscriber acquisition.
John Hodulik : Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session, and this does conclude today's program. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect at any time and have a wonderful day!

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-09 19:40:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 Additionally, please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. 
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin. 
Andrew Slabin: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Warner Bros. Discovery's Q1 Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, Chief Financial Officer; and JB Perrette; CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. 
 Today's presentation will include forward-looking statements that we made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements may include comments regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. 
 For additional information on factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. 
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to David. 
David Zaslav: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As we kicked off the new year, our focus was simple: to continue building this company for the future, recognizing that it's not business as usual and that we are transforming ourselves for what's next in an industry undergoing tremendous disruption largely driven by technological innovation impacting consumer behavior. And we're embracing that innovation here at Warner Bros. Discovery with bold and courageous decision-making. 
 To that end, we've had a productive start of the year. We are pleased to see positive momentum building in several critical areas. Most notably, Max is gaining subscriber traction in all regions, adding 2 million subs this quarter with our total Direct-to-Consumer subscriber count nearing the 100 million mark. And while our U.S. subs will be impacted by some seasonality, particularly related to sports in Q2, we're on track for continued robust international growth this quarter and new subscriber highs through the remainder of the year. 
 We're also gaining ground in ad sales with an acceleration in Direct-to-Consumer and sequential improvement in linear this quarter, helped in part by a record March Madness men's basketball tournament and steadier overall ratings. 
 At the same time, we're taking meaningful steps to rebuild our Studios as the cornerstone of our storytelling engine and we're proud of the recent creative successes that have supported our #1 box office share this year, including Wonka, Dune: Part Two and Godzilla X Kong, and we're excited about the quality and breadth of our future pipeline. 
 We're also leaning into the ways that new technologies like data-driven systems and AI can improve our consumer offerings and enable us to run our businesses more productively and effectively. This is one of our top priorities. 
 Regarding the balance sheet, we continued to see tangible results from our focus on transformation and efficiency. Even in our seasonally weakest free cash flow generation quarter, our free cash flow improved by $1.3 billion year-over-year to roughly $400 million in Q1 and $7.5 billion in trailing 12-month free cash flow. And we will continue to opportunistically manage our capital structure, evidenced by this morning's debt tender announcement. 
 While we've accomplished a lot over the last 2 years, we're still just scratching the surface of our long list of to-dos that we see as catalyst for change, and ultimately, levers of growth for Warner Bros. Discovery. The current media landscape is increasingly dynamic, and in response, we've had to make some tough, and at times, unpopular decisions, but we are doing what we believe is necessary to best position the company for the future. And while transformation success is not easily measured in short-term months or even quarters, we're very confident in the strength of our assets and believe we will see both strategic and financial progress in the quarters ahead. 
 I'll briefly touch on a few key operational milestones and objectives as we look out over the near-term landscape. On Direct-to-Consumer, this is a pivotal and critical year for Max with an aggressive relaunch and rollout underway that will meaningfully expand our global presence and growth potential. Since the start of the year, we've expanded from a single market in the U.S. to 39 countries and territories with the launch of Latin America. And over the next several weeks, we will roll the service out in over 25 additional markets across Europe, including our first new markets, France and Belgium, with more to follow. 
 And we're launching it ahead of the Paris Olympics. Max will be the only place where viewers across Europe will be able to watch every part of the Olympic Games. 
 Our goal in 2024 is to drive top line improvements and build upon the profitability we have achieved last year while positioning us to achieve our $1 billion EBITDA target for 2025 with further growth beyond. And we're off a strong start with nearly $90 million positive EBITDA generated this quarter despite absorbing some of the launch cost of LatAm. But more importantly, we're laying the critical groundwork and infrastructure from which we expect to build a broader and more profitable Direct-to-Consumer segment. 
 Three key metrics underpin our strategic and financial objectives for Direct-to-Consumer. The first is subscriber growth. As I said, we're nearing the 100 million mark and see strong indicators of continued growth in Q2 and the remainder of the year. 
 We're also leveraging our best practices from the U.S. and LatAm rollouts, such as our strongest content slate yet, more partnerships in place to accelerate our rollout and an enhanced subscriber migration experience that reduces onetime churn and more optimized marketing investment. 
 Second, engagement and monetization. Thanks to a combination of stronger content and product enhancements, engagement reached an all-time high and we are taking meaningful steps to grow it further. The team continues to improve the product to deliver more personalized consumer experience, feature set and more impactful content offerings. 
 Additionally, we grew global ARPU 4% in the quarter. This, in part, reflects a greater mix shift of lower ARPU international subscribers as compared to U.S. subscribers. This quarter, U.S. ARPU grew by a healthy 8%. 
 While we still have lots to do, I am pleased to say the content lineup on Max over the next 12 to 18 months is one of the strongest ever. March was particularly strong with March Madness and Quiet on the Set, a huge hit coming out of our ID networks. And in Q2, we'll benefit from the third season of critically acclaimed series, Hacks; the streaming premiere of Iron Claw and Dune: Part Two; Champions League in LatAm; and the June 16 premiere of season 2 of House of the Dragon, which was one of the most successful series in terms of engagement and subscriber acquisition, just to name a few. 
 In addition to House of the Dragon, over the next 18 months, Max will premiere a robust combination of high-impact global original series, including season 3 of the White Lotus; season 2 of The Last of Us, season 3 of And Just Like That; along with highly anticipated tent-pole original series, including The Penguin; Dune: Prophecy, It: Welcome to Derry; A Night of the Seven Kingdoms, a spinoff of the Game of Thrones franchise, plus an ongoing slate of fresh new Warner Bros. theatrical releases, such as Godzilla X Kong, Furiosa, Beetlejuice, Joker 2 and more. 
 The third metric is churn, which, while still above our longer-term target, continues to trend downwards, and in fact, was at an all-time low in the U.S. at the end of the first quarter. Habituality and diversity of viewing are the most correlated inputs to churn, and we saw continued healthy improvements in both in the first quarter. And with our even stronger content lineup coming over the next few quarters as well as our ongoing user experience enhancements, we feel confident about our trajectory. 
 As you know, I have been a big proponent of bundling. And yesterday, together with Disney, we announced a first-of-its-kind offering that gives U.S. consumers the option of an ad-lite or ad-free package that includes Max, Disney+ and Hulu. The product will go live later this summer and we couldn't be more excited. Two of the world's most storied content companies are joining forces to deliver consumers the best and most diverse offering of entertainment at a very attractive price. 
 And in addition to the unprecedented consumer value this product will provide, there's real business benefits as well. The modest overlap between the 3 services means we have an opportunity to drive incremental subscriber growth. And also because the consumers will have to retain all three, Disney+, Hulu and Max, to take advantage of the price value in the offering, we expect this product will help increase retention and lower churn and thus support higher customer lifetime values. 
 And finally, over time, as the bundle gets more traction, we will benefit from increased efficiencies and greater marketing effectiveness. 
 The bundle will go live later this summer and we're excited about what it could mean for our business going forward. 
 Of course, the heart and soul of our company is storytelling, and we are using all the formidable assets and the greatest creative minds to tell the best stories in the best ways possible as we strive to return the luster to Warner Bros. Pictures. Clearly, this takes time and it's not something that can be accomplished overnight. And the heavy lifting taking place under Mike and Pam's leadership at Warner Bros. Pictures and under Peter and James at DC isn't something that you see fully reflected yet in our financials. However, we are confident it will become more apparent with time. 
 And in fact, we are seeing some strong proof points of our bold, more disciplined approach while we continue working through the remainder of the slate that was in place when we took over the business. Warner Bros. generated more than $1.8 billion in global box office since the start of the year, and it was the first studio this year to reach $1 billion in both overseas and worldwide box office. 
 And they've got a great slate in the works. This morning, I'm excited to announce that the team is now in the early stages of script development for the first of the new Lord of the Rings movies, which we anticipate releasing in 2026 and will explore storylines yet to be told. Peter Jackson and his long-time writing partners, Fran Walsh and Philippa Boyens, are producing and will be involved every step of the way. Lord of the Rings is one of the most successful and revered franchises in history and presents a significant opportunity for our theatrical business. 
 Warner Bros. Discovery's great storytelling IP, including Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, Superman and many other parts of the DC Universe are largely underused. We are hard at work fixing that. It's a core value and a key advantage for us. We have the characters and stories people love and yearn for everywhere in the world in every language. 
 Unfortunately, the Studio's Q1 financials were overshadowed by the tough comp at games following the great performance of Hogwarts Legacy last year and the disappointing release of Suicide Squad in Q1 in our gaming group. 
 On the advertising front, while total company ad sales were down 7% in the quarter, we continue to see sequential improvement Q2 to date led by what we anticipate will be our biggest Direct-to-Consumer quarter ever. As we highlighted last quarter and underpinning some of this improvement is the resiliency of international linear advertising, primarily from our free-to-air channels in EMEA, which outperformed in the quarter with positive revenue growth. This was primarily driven by robust revenue growth in Poland, Italy and Germany. These firmly entrenched legacy broadcast assets continue to serve as highly effective platforms for advertisers to reach consumers. And while we just launched our international ad-lite offering in LatAm with EMEA soon to come, these platforms will be critical to enhance our portfolio offerings. 
 While linear has obvious secular challenges, we continue to see select opportunities. For example, U.S. Networks production hubs can be sourced as a popular high ROI content for both linear and streaming. This is a benefit we will pursue where it makes sense, particularly as a more intelligent Max platform helps to inform how we allocate content budgets across specific genres and verticals. 
 For example, Max's hit, Quiet on the Set, which I mentioned earlier, was created by the team at ID, became the most watched title on streaming in its debut week with a massive 1.2 billion minutes of viewing time. The true crime vertical has great traction on Max. And by leveraging the production scale at ID, we will be able to curate additional series very effectively and efficiently that work across Max and our other distribution platforms. 
 I mentioned AI earlier. We recognize that AI is going to have an increasing impact on society and our industry, and we intend to take full advantage to enhance the products and experiences we deliver to consumers and to achieve greater efficiency company-wide. We are focused particularly on improvements to our ad targeting and recommendation algorithms. Our AI-based understanding of our customers and content are being activated in our product, marketing and ad sales, which you'll hear more about at our next week's Upfront. 
 Since the initial launch of Max, we've been using AI and machine learning to personalize content discovery. We've continuously innovated to improve our models to present the right content in front of our consumers at the right time, and this is helping us to drive better content diversity on Max. 
 We've also been leveraging AI to more efficiently and swiftly identify and optimize ad-break opportunities in our premium HBO content, which typically does not have natural ad breaks. This has enabled us to offer the premium content on our ad-lite tier and it's also allowed us to create variable ad load for our content as we monetize it using multiple tiers and platforms. 
 And we have dozens of other experiments across a spectrum of areas ranging from corporate and developer efficiency to marketing optimization and targeting. All this experimentation is guided by clearly defined AI principles. We believe strongly the creativity and the kind of empathy and humanity necessary to create world-class storytelling can only be found in people, not systems. We also believe that AI is another in a long line of technology and tools that will enable creators to innovate and evolve how we tell stories and inspire audiences. 
 Before I close, I want to mention a topic I know is top of mind for everyone and that's the NBA. We've enjoyed a strong partnership with the NBA for almost 4 decades. We're in continuing conversations with them now and we're hopeful that we'll be able to reach an agreement that makes sense for both sides. We've had a lot of time to prepare for this negotiation and we have strategies in place for the various potential outcomes. 
 However, now is not the time to discuss any of this since we are in active negotiations with the league, and under our current deal with the NBA, we have matching rights that allow us to match third-party offers before the NBA enters into an agreement with them. With that in mind, please understand that this is as much as we're prepared to say about this topic today. 
 These are challenging times for our industry, there's no question. But the reality is, and I tell my team this all the time, there isn't a more exciting moment to be in this business. We continue to do the hard work to transform our company to drive meaningful growth in the future. We are positioning ourselves to take full advantage of opportunities that we see around us. And we're more confident than ever in our assets and our playbook. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to Gunnar and he'll walk you through the financials for the quarter. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by spending a minute or two on the balance sheet and highlighting the key factors that underpinned the $1.3 billion positive year-over-year swing in Q1 free cash flow in what is our seasonally weakest cash production quarter and where we typically see more cash outflows than inflows. 
 Namely, number one, the continued benefit from the many initiatives to improve working capital, which we are still in the early innings of realizing. Number two, the more disciplined and analytical approach to content investment and allocation. Number three, meaningfully lower cash restructuring costs. And number four, lower cash interest expense as a result of the more than $6 billion of debt we repaid over the past 12 months. 
 The primary use of our free cash flow remains delevering the balance sheet. We remain committed to our gross leverage target range of 2.5x to 3x, and I'm confident that we will continue to make progress towards further delevering this year. We paid down over $1 billion of debt during the first quarter, including nearly $400 million from open market purchases at a discount. 
                         I continue to view our debt stack as an important and valuable resource. Our weighted average maturity is roughly 15 years with very manageable average annual maturities for the foreseeable future with maturities in any given year, significantly less than what our annual free cash flows have been even normalized for the strikes. Our debt is virtually all fixed with an average cost of 4.6%, in line with the yield on comparable U.S. long-dated treasury. 
 Based on the difference of current market value to book value reflecting the current rate environment versus when issued, we have a $6 billion asset in our debt stack. And you should expect that we will begin to be more opportunistic in monetizing this asset as evidenced by the debt tender that we announced this morning. We intend to repurchase outstanding debt using up to $1.75 billion of cash. 
 Turning to the segment results, I'd like to provide some brief commentary to supplement the discussions in the earnings release. Starting with Studios. The $400 million-plus year-over-year decline in Q1 was primarily due to the very tough comp we faced in games against the success of Hogwart's Legacy last year in the first quarter in conjunction with the disappointing Suicide Squad release this past quarter, which we impaired, leading to a $200 million impact to EBITDA during the first quarter. This overshadowed an otherwise very bright spot from the contributions of recently released theatrical films where we have had excellent traction to start the year. 
 I'm excited that we have broken ground on a significant expansion project at our world-class production facility in Leavesden, U.K., a great example of where we are making long-term investments at the heart of our company with an attractive return profile. 
 It's also another example of how our new [ One WBD ] processes are supporting the Studio leadership team and combining creative excellence with overall financial discipline. While the Studio business will always characterize by hits and misses, with these more rigorous processes in place, I have no doubt that we should realize more upside to the bottom line with our hits while reducing the bottom line drag from our misses. 
 Turning to D2C. We have successfully migrated the HBO Max subscriber base in Latin America over the past couple of months. To be clear, this was no easy feat with 160 platform integrations that were required to migrate existing subscribers to the new service. This requires significant management time and resources and we transitioned subscribers with better-than-expected migration-related churn in part attributable to the best practices from the U.S. relaunch. 
 An important outcome for LatAm relaunch is the ability to now offer more consumer-friendly pricing and packaging across ad-lite, ad-free and premium tiers with more flexibility in subscription options and additional paths to monetize the base. For example, installment billing for consumers who are unable to pay their full multi-month subscription price upfront. We will apply a similar approach to customer segmentation in EMEA. 
 Levers of D2C growth include our significant opportunity to further scale the international subscriber base while improving worldwide monetization. As we push further into this geographic expansion, we are taking a more holistic view of our distribution deals with partners that both distribute our linear content offering as well as wholesale our Max streaming service. Thus far, we have, in many cases, captured greater overall value to WBD while managing the transition from linear to streaming. 
 And with our strong start in Q1, I expect us to remain profitable in the D2C segment during 2024 despite the heavy launch investments, and I remain fully confident in our path to achieve our $1 billion-plus EBITDA target for 2025 and our growth ambitions thereafter. 
 One final note on D2C. Content revenue was down 46% during Q1. And as a reminder, we will have a more difficult comp in Q2, both of which are the product of timing of output deals renewed last year, the availability of content as well as our content utilization choices. 
 Turning now to advertising. We did see sequential improvement, both linear and D2C, in the first quarter. Total company advertising in Q1 was down 7%, a sequential improvement of 300 basis points and was supported by a 70% growth at D2C, which is beginning to scale nicely and where we expect another record quarter in Q2. It also, in part, reflects an increasingly more holistic portfolio approach to monetizing viewership of both linear and Max, supporting our ability to offer our partners incremental reach and more customized ad solutions spanning all platforms, particularly in the U.S. 
 The trend in quarter-to-date linear cash pacings in the U.S. continues to improve modestly even excluding the positive impact of the NCAA Men's Final 4 and the championship game. As a reminder, we will benefit from having these games exclusive to WBD this year, but we do not have the Stanley Cup Finals and the exit of the AT&T SportsNet will continue to be a headwind to revenues with marginal profit impact through the end of Q3. 
 Internationally, EMEA continues to be a standout bright spot, particularly in our free-to-air market. Advertising revenue grew nicely in Q1 and we're seeing a continuation of this trend in Q2. Poland, Italy and Germany were notable out-performers among the key EMEA markets. In fact, except for the U.K. and the Nordics, advertising revenues were flat to up in virtually all EMEA market during the first quarter. 
 Though materially smaller, Latin America has been and continues to be a different story, particularly given cyclical and secular headwinds in Brazil and Mexico, our 2 largest markets in the region. And unlike in Europe where we are a scale broadcaster in several markets, we are more exposed to the less resilient pay-TV ecosystem that is experiencing a more pronounced secular shift of advertising dollars to streaming. 
 With Max now in the region, we have a growing ad-lite presence and are better positioned to capture a share of this migration. We look forward to updating you on our progress here, which, while early, is exceeding our expectations thus far. 
 Finally, I'd like to update you on our continuing transformation efforts where we've made enormous progress on capturing cost efficiency throughout the company over the last few years. We continue to push forward with new initiatives and have added to the pipeline of opportunities. We now see a path to meaningfully exceed the more than $1 billion of remaining cost savings that we had previously guided to, which is on top of the more than $4 billion that we already realized through the end of 2023. I would best characterize these efforts as a continuous improvement mindset, having become muscle memory for the WBD team. 
 We see tangible further benefits from consolidation of real estate facilities and taking advantage of the great talent across our global capability centers. As well, we see meaningful savings from the ongoing consolidation of one dozen global content workflow systems. As noted, identifying opportunities to utilize AI to increase productivity in all facets of business operations remains a top priority that may drive further upside to our updated cost savings target. 
 I am proud of the continued progress we are making to best position Warner Bros. Discovery to respond to the changes taking place in the industry. Indeed, this demands us making difficult and bold decisions. We are focused on doing what is right for the long-term health and sustainability of the business to best serve the need of customers and partners while positioning the company to drive long-term shareholder value. 
 Now I'd like to return the call back to the operator, and David, JB and I will take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. 
Bryan Kraft: I was wondering if you could share any additional details about the bundling relationship with Disney+ and Hulu, for example, pricing, how much marketing will be behind it and how the 2 companies are coordinating and funding the marketing activities. 
 And related, how has the Max-Netflix bundle with Verizon performed? And will we continue to see additional domestic bundles created? And how about on the international side, are you doing anything yet outside the U.S.? Or do you plan to? 
David Zaslav: Thanks so much, Bryan. The bundle with Netflix is doing much better than expected with Verizon. And so I think it's another example where there's more strength together, and it's really driven by the need for a change in the consumer experience. We see it in all of our studies and then even on a practical basis talking to consumers. And so it's just much more efficient. 
 What's interesting, and I think different about the bundle with Disney is, I've been saying for a long time, we need to come together ourselves and provide a better consumer experience, a more compelling and exciting offering or there'll be other companies who'll do it for us. And there are a lot of great companies like Roku and Apple and Amazon and are doing a terrific job of aggregating services in the quest to provide a better consumer experience. It's much more efficient, better ARPU and a much better business if we can do it ourselves. 
 And Disney itself is a fabulous company. They, together with us, turned 100 years old this past year. They have some of the greatest content and stories in the world. They're a global company like we are. And coming together -- an incredibly well-run company with Bob Iger, and so coming together for this bundled Disney+, Hulu and Max is really an extraordinarily positive offering. It will be very -- it will be priced well and it will be both ad-lite and ad-free. 
 And for consumers in the U.S., I think it will be a really positive consumer experience and gives us, I think, a real advantage and opportunity. When you look at the marketplace, there's this question of distribution versus content. I've always felt that, in the long run, the best content wins. And that's why we've really focused on the creative side of our company, building the TV production business, the motion picture business, bringing the best talent back to Warner Bros. that ultimately -- and having the best TV and motion picture library, that ultimately the best content wins. 
 The marketplace right now has looked at the great distribution companies and have assessed that it looks like the distribution companies are going to be the companies that will be the big winners. And those are great companies, but I believe that distribution and content -- distribution companies and content -- great content companies will be winners. 
 And that's why our quest to be the best storytelling company in the world; Disney, as we look over to Bob and his leadership, is an extraordinary storytelling company, and so I think this will be a great opportunity to provide great content for a reasonable price to consumers in America. 
 And I don't know, JB, you want to add to that? 
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. I mean, Bryan, just the only other thing I'd add, on pricing, as Dave said, we'll come out with more specific, but you should imagine it will be priced very attractively for the consumer. As a reference point, it's really working off of the Max stand-alone and the existing Disney+ and Hulu package bundle. So as a comparative basis, it will be priced very attractively for consumers. 
 The second -- on the flip side, for us, on the ARPU side, it also has a very strong deal for both parties that we feel very, very good about. And obviously, not to mention the LTV of those subscribers we expect to be significantly better than what we see today. 
 On the marketing, it's two-pronged. We will have a significant amount of marketing support from both parties, both third-party marketing as well as on air and our own platforms, driving to the bundle. And then at least, as importantly, the buy flows and everywhere you see people once they get into the buy flow, whether they're coming in for the bundle or they're coming in just for our stand-alone products, there's high prominence of the offering across all the buy flows on both sides, both Disney and ourselves. 
 And then on the international side, look, you should expect, obviously, this has been a very big priority for us, as David said, and we are -- we haven't really executed similar. We've done a lot of international partnerships and bundles with telco, mobile and broadband players. And as you'll see us roll out in Europe and as we announced on Tuesday when we come to markets on Wednesday -- sorry, when we come to markets like -- new markets like France, we have big partnerships with people like Canal, Free, Orange, SFR, all the big mobile telco players, that will continue to be our strategy. And then partnerships with other programmers and other streamers we will continue to explore, and I think you should see that in our road map in the quarters to come. 
David Zaslav: Yes. And one of the advantages that we're seeing is by having 10 to 12 channels in every country and free-to-air and local content all over the world, we have relationships with all these distributors. And when you saw deals here in the U.S., this innovative deal that Bob and Chris did with Charter and Disney, those are deals outside the U.S. that you'll see replicated or already happening, and you'll see it as we launch, that allow for a real advantage for the fact that we're already in business. A real advantage that not only are we in business, but that consumers are watching our content. And we'll be transitioning a lot of those consumers to watching us through our Max product. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. 
Kutgun Maral: This is Kutgun Maral on for Vijay. If I could just follow up on the Disney bundle, maybe a high-level question. If we take a step back, the content companies entered distribution years ago with streaming. And now we're kind of going through this rebundling base of these services. Between the Disney bundle as well as the separate sports JV you announced a while back with Disney and Fox, you're clearly placing yourself in a key position in this industry transition. 
 So I guess the question is, how does this evolve over the next few years? And what does this mean for industry consolidation and how you look to invest behind your DTC and linear assets? 
David Zaslav: Well, we've been saying for the last 2 years that the consumer experience is a real challenge. And ultimately, you've got to follow the consumer. Our philosophy is create the best consumer experience, and that ultimately, the consumer will go to the best content, the best storytelling in the world. 
 And so in order to effectuate that, we've pushed for this real direct-to-consumer with no middleman. There are great companies that are doing a terrific job of helping this -- as we make this transition to provide a better consumer experience. But the ability for us and Disney together to reach out to consumers, it's a stronger business. 
 We get all the data. We have an ability to work directly with consumers and to work to enhance that experience. We're doing that ourselves with Max. The key for us is we need to be prominent in all of the major bundles and all -- because we want to be in front of all consumers. And we think that we have the entitlement as long as we can continue to provide great content, whether it's entertainment, nonfiction, sports, news and we have content in every language. JB? 
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. Just the only thing I'd add is, look, I think what happened in the 2010s is the industry went down a very dangerous financial path of trying to invest in every type of content in every genre to try and be something for everyone. And at the end of the day, we know where that led us to. We're now getting back to all being great at what we do and swim in the lanes that we were great at. Disney, obviously, is incomparable and world leader in kids and family. We are world leaders in premium dramas, scripted drama, comedy, nonfiction verticals. And we can get back to investing and prioritizing our lanes and our key content, they can do theirs. 
 And synthetically, these bundles allow us to do that while still providing the consumer with a very attractive price for the combination of products such that they feel like they don't need to any more do all the switching in and out of services month-to-month, but rather pay and get an advantage of one price. And even if they don't use the service in one month, they still feel like they're getting great value and they might use it the next month. And so it's got a lot of rationale by pulling these together and makes us all be able to go back to investing in the areas that we really are great at. 
David Zaslav: It does feel like this is a moment in terms of what the next year or 2 years will bring. I said a while back that this is a generational disruption. I went through a generation -- a disruption not quite as big as this, but when my career started, when the cable business was getting started, that was a real disruption. 
 And as we look at what happens ahead, there likely will be a restructuring of how people view content and there's a lot of irrationality in the market that's getting shaken out in terms of the amount of money spent. We said early on, it's not how much, it's how good and that's what we're focusing on. And ultimately, I think the business will look very different in 2 to 3 years. And it will be much better for consumers, from our perspective. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with BoA Securities. 
Jessica Reif Cohen: Maybe sort of following up on, David, on what you just said. The last 2 years, as you well know, you've gone through a restructuring while navigating through the massive industry changes. And as you look out over the next 2 years and you said there would be some -- the industry would restructure, but from a WBD point of view, what do you think the biggest surprises will be? How different will the company look? 
 And then secondly, next week is the Upfront, as we all know. Can you give us your outlook for both sides, both Direct-to-Consumer and linear? 
David Zaslav: Thanks, Jessica. Look, we've spent the last 2 years at the very essence has been -- the investment community uses the word synergy. The way we looked at it is we had an opportunity to restructure each business to start over. What does this business look like if we started today, to build a business that will be successful for the future. We did that at Warner Bros. Motion Picture. We did that at Disney. We did at DC. We did that with Max and HBO. We did it with our channels business, our production business on Warner Bros. Television. 
 And for us, it's really 2 tiers. One is, we got rid of a lot of content we didn't think it was going to help us. But at the same time, we brought in a lot of great creatives and invested in a lot of content. So it's how do we run these businesses efficiently for real free cash flow and drive for growth. 
 But two, creative excellence. How do we have the best content? In this past year, HBO had maybe its best year ever, and in addition to that, Warner Bros. Television has some of the best, highest quality TV production. And we're looking at our Motion Picture business now, which we're feeling really good about. It's #1 at the start the year, but we have a lot of great content. 
 And so I think it's that combination. Great content, great creatives, how it's fighting to tell the best stories on every platform. And then running it like a real business, real free cash flow and real EBIT. 
 And I think those 2 are going to -- will drive us for the future. And -- but it all starts with the content. If our content is great, that's our mantra: the best content will win. And we have to continue to tell the best stories. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. I mean, look, for the Upfront, I think it's a little early. We definitely hope to continue some of the momentum that we've seen last year. I would also say that we're operating in a much more constructive environment this year than we did last year. So hopefully, that will be supportive. 
 To your point, Jessica, about the differentiation between D2C and linear, really, one of the things that's working very well right now is that convergence, the way John and the team take our inventory to the market is fully harmonized. Now it's across platforms incremental reach. We're leaning in further. You've seen some nice growth rates for our D2C inventory. We've got more to take to the market. We're taking it to the market with more data-driven product like the Olli announcement that we made earlier. And so there should be further opportunity. We're just getting started. 
 And look, longer term, there is definitely more opportunity here. We have been very transparent about the significant monetization difference between linear and digital advertising. David talked about AI a couple of minutes ago, certainly, that should be a helper longer term as we think about our go-to-market here. So definitely some upside. 
 And maybe one thing to add to your question about the surprises here, I think if you take a step back and look at our numbers right now, what we just discussed for the first quarter, we have full conviction that our Studio can earn a lot more than it is doing right now. 
 We have full conviction that JB and Casey and the team are on an incredibly successful track. But as we've laid out many, many times before, this doesn't happen overnight, but we're seeing the sausage we're making. We're seeing how we're running the company fundamentally differently that's not reflected in our current and near-term financials. And I think that's going to be the surprise as we come through and show you what the D2C business and our content business can do longer term as we come out of the transformation. 
David Zaslav: Yes. When you think about the D2C business in the U.S., we need to fix the consumer experience and I think these bundling structures that we've come up with in sports and with Disney will help to do that. 
 But we're a global business. We're in business almost in virtually every country in the world with multiple channels or free-to-air channels and 2/3 of a mature, if the subscription business is gestationally beginning to mature, come from outside the U.S. So when we launch with the Olympics, we're just getting started outside the U.S. 
 So when you look at our subs, this is a big moment for us. And we think we have a real advantage because we have local content in every market. We've got relationships in every market. And this new idea of distributors, particularly in Europe and as well as Latin America, recognizing they don't want to get left behind and they're starting to talk to us proactively about moving our content onto broadband, how can they offer our products in a way because they don't want to be the antiquated cable operator. They want to be the cable operator and the channel store as well. 
 So all of that, I think, bodes very well for our future. You have to be global. This is not a game for U.S.-only companies. Have to be global, above the globe. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Joyce with Seaport Research Partners. 
David Joyce: Following on to the Upfront and advertising question. You obviously have a long -- a strong relationship with the advertisers and have been on the forefront of ad tech. I'm just wondering how you're able to match up your analytics and data and targeted advertising on the linear networks with the offerings that the various digital platforms are doing. Just wondering when that might be showing through or is it starting to show through as some of this modest sequential improvement. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, it's certainly beginning to shine through, but I think there's a lot more opportunity. The thing to keep in mind here is we've got to differentiate between the traditional linear and D2C advertising. 
 Obviously, on the D2C platform, we are enjoying all the benefits that everybody else enjoys in terms of being plugged into all the key marketplace platforms and taking advantage of data partnerships in the marketplace. 
 But also on the traditional linear side, it's important to remember that with the shift in the distribution landscape, we've got a much greater share of virtual MVPDs in the mix. That opens up opportunities for us to do targeted advertising with dynamic ad insertion within the linear streams. And those are some areas where we see additional opportunity. 
 And if you take that together with the fact that JB is bringing in more and more ad-lite subscribers, that drives additional scale that not only drives inventory, but also a real scale advantage as we increase our reach across the combined platform. 
 So to answer your question more precisely, I think it's starting to come through, but this is going to be a growth cycle, I think, for many, many years to come. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. 
Kannan Venkateshwar: Maybe one on the JV. When you think about the Disney JV with Hulu and Disney+, is there an opportunity maybe to add other services? Does this become kind of an anchor? And are you viewing this long term as an opportunity to maybe bring other services into the fold as well? 
 And is there also a role for some degree of exclusivity in the sense that when you go to market with Disney on a standalone -- or Max on a stand-alone basis and a bundle, obviously, the price difference has to be attractive enough for consumers to go towards the bundle. So is there any kind of a different approach as you think about what kind of content becomes available across the bundle and individual services? 
 And maybe one on advertising. I mean, your advertising increases or year-over-year change in DTC is now starting to become meaningful enough to offset bigger and bigger portion of the big clients in linear. I think it was about 30% offset this quarter. Is there a point over the course of maybe next year or 1.5 years where you see this becoming a big-enough driver to offset a big part of your linear ad declines? 
Jean-Briac Perrette: Thanks, Kannan. On your first question, look, we think this proposition of Disney+, Hulu and Max is incredibly robust and compelling. You've got truly -- when we think about a lot of what's happened, as I said earlier, around people trying to figure out whether every individual company could invest sufficiently to deliver something great for everyone in the household, the reality is we've, I think, all learned somewhat painfully that the expense and frankly the excess of content from a consumer standpoint was way too much. 
 And this allows us to come back. And when you see that package together, you have the greatest offering of kids and family content, the greatest offering of adult fare, the greatest offering of scripted and nonscripted content. So we don't think we need anybody else in that package to make it incredibly compelling. 
 And when you see the dynamics of the existing landscape, obviously, Amazon and Netflix are both incredibly compelling, have great offerings and have become sort of utility. You sort of look at people saying, I need that plus one other package at a very attractive price, those two -- our bundle plus one or two of those other services pretty much, I think, can make up the entertainment experience for most consumers very happily. I think it will put more pressure probably on independent services from a churn perspective because they'll see likely more and more serial churners, people who come in and out on a much more ad hoc basis. 
 And so we do think this package can be an anchor tenant of every households entertainment experience. And we don't think there's a need at this point for anything more to it. Gunnar? 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. Look, I mean, in terms of replacing linear ad sales, again, one important point that I want to reiterate, and we've made this a couple of times before, I think it's too simplistic to just look at, okay, we're doing, whatever, $7 billion of linear advertising today and that's going to transition elsewhere because the viewership is transitioning elsewhere. I do believe that we're going to see a very, very long period of coexistence. And feedback we're getting from the marketplace and the success we're seeing in our ad sales go-to-market, I think, supports that. So those environments are going to coexist. 
 But as I said before, we are seeing significant acceleration on the streaming side. We've gone through the CPM benefits that we're getting with a more targeted and more direct advertising approach. And we are seeing that there is a long runway for inventory growth on the streaming side as well. Again, 2 years ago, everybody thought that this was going to be an ad-free environment. I think we can clearly conclude that, that's not the case and we're still in the early innings. 
 If you just compare the penetration of ad-lite subscribers as a percentage of the total subscriber base, it's growing, but still from a lower starting point. if you look at ad loads and a lot of the offerings -- by the way, specifically for HBO, which for years has had zero advertising embedded and we're taking very careful steps still to increase that, yet we're already seeing pretty significant. 
David Zaslav: We're only doing a 30-second spot or a 60-second spot. And for those that are purchasing ad-lite, I don't -- I think there's an expectation that there would be more advertising than that. It wouldn't be approaching any kind of significant density, but you could easily go up to 2 or 3 minutes, double or triple what we're doing now. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And if you look at the combined company, as we said in our prepared remarks, I mean, the combined company advertising trend is still down, obviously, with what we're seeing in linear. But it's gone from down 10% to down 7% and that's really driven by some of that support we're seeing in the streaming world. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rich Greenfield with LightShed Partners. 
Richard Greenfield: I wanted to follow up on JV. You mentioned the buy flows and sort of how this will work from a both of you adding it into those buy flows. But how about the marketing? Like when you walk through -- I'm sure everyone who's on the call has walked through JFK, you've seen the massive Disney-Hulu advertising. Like are they going to be marketing House of Dragon this summer when this launches? 
 And conversely, when things like Moana 2 hit Disney+, is Max going to be promoting like sort of the overall content offering among, not just your services, but theirs as well? I'm just trying to understand how this will functionally work. 
 And then just because it's obviously topical, it doesn't look like Paramount+ is going to exist much longer, I think probably most people now sort of realize that. If that content is up for grabs, how interested are you in licensing a wide swath of kind of Paramount's sports content, entertainment content? Anything you could talk about would be great. 
Jean-Briac Perrette: Thanks, Rich. On the marketing question for the bundle, look, both parties will continue to market clearly their offerings. And obviously, if you think about the majority of the market spend, it's really related to content marketing. So each of us will still have responsibility and we'll continue to market our content on our -- from our individual companies. And those will be attributed to the Max service or the Disney+ service or the Hulu service. 
 In the performance side of the house, I think you will see a heavy lean-in on the bundle and it will be launched and then we'll do obviously more heavier lean-ins periodically throughout the year. 
 But my point about the buy flows, Rich, is that even if we're individually marketing our services -- or our content, I should say, the reality is once you get to that landing page, once you get to the top of the fold on our buy flows, the bundle -- this bundle will be prominently positioned such that people will see it every time they go in through the buy flows. And so whether it's marketing of individual content pieces, marketing of individual services or marketing of the bundle, you won't be able to not see this offer as part of the buy flow, whether you're coming in through Max, Hulu or Disney+, which is the prominence that we think is really important and visibility to help drive more -- obviously, not just awareness, but ultimately subscriber growth from them. 
David Zaslav: And look, we're always looking for good content. We structured a deal a while back for South Park, which has been a great product for us. When NASCAR came available for the summer, we bought some NASCAR. We have hockey, which we've done and -- which we added in the last few years, we're having a lot of success with. So any content company that we're -- we bought a movie output deal with A24. 
 Anytime there's an opportunity to buy content that we think will enhance our offering, whether it's a specific piece of content or whether it's a broad swath of content, if we think it can provide a better consumer experience and strengthen our offering, we're always looking at opportunities. 
Operator: And we will take our final question from Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. 
Steven Cahall: So David and Gunnar, with a continuous improvement mindset, it seems like you have some tools that could help reaccelerate EBITDA. And then I think there's some concern about what you might be willing to do to match on the NBA rights. So I'm just wondering if we can think about these things being tied together, do you think you can find enough cost improvement that strengthens your hand as you think about a more aggressive matching offer to retain some of those rights? 
 And then, David, you said the churn is still above your target and I think this new Disney-Hulu bundle should certainly help that. I think you've also maybe got a bundle that's rolling off towards the end of this year with AT&T. Can you just help us think about some of the churn benefits you get from bundles and then some of the ARPU dilution which usually hits? And on a net-net basis, do you think that these improve the value of DTC earnings over time? 
David Zaslav: Thanks. Look, churn is the -- you need to have a great product. You need to have great content. But the churn is just a killer in this business. And so we have been hyper-focused on it. And it's not one simple answer. But the churn is down dramatically and we measure it daily, weekly from when we launched this business. It's not in our target because our target is that it should be extremely low in the -- with a 2 handle. That would be -- that's when your business starts to be really healthy when you're below 3. 
 And so JB, why don't you talk -- we have very specific initiatives on churn. Certainly, bundling is a big helper. A lot of these deals that we're talking about with players in Latin America and in Europe where you're working with an existing distributor that you have a relationship with, that's hard bundling in many cases with users, have different characteristics that are quite attractive. But we need to go at this as like an attack mode. JB? 
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. Well, I think, Steven, to David's point, the fact that up until we launched in LatAm, our ad-lite offering and SKU was only in the United States for HBO Max. It's a good example of where, as we look to partner with all sorts of distributors across the world, oftentimes you're right, there is pressure to do it at a price point that is more attractive and less costly to the partner. 
 And so launching that SKU across Latin America in a number of markets in Europe not only ultimately helps us go after a new customer segment that's more price sensitive at the lower end of the price points, but also allows us to work with partners who are more price sensitive in those partnerships and find a way to make it more affordable for them to get into business with us while at the same time not seeing ARPU dilution because that SKU and success is our highest ARPU SKU. 
 And so we get the benefits of new distribution from new customers and better partnership opportunities by getting that SKU out into markets and into partnerships with new players. 
 And the LTV, I would say, which is obviously the other metric that we track very closely, our bundled partnerships generally do have some of the highest LTVs we see. And so obviously, we evaluate every deal on its own merits. We make sure that we're making the right trade-offs. But we look at both ARPU and LTV as the core metrics when we think about the values of those partnerships. 
David Zaslav: This change of working with existing distributors is really meaningful. Because these distributors, cable operators, broadband players across Europe with the innovative deal that Chris did, what they're basically saying is that they want to take part. They want to be part of the content opportunity and the content economics in the new world. 
 And so when you're working with an existing distributor where we have all these economics against our cable business with distributors in 180, 200 countries around the world, they don't want to see that relationship go away when people start consuming on -- through broadband, on app, more contemporary products. And so they're starting to really recognize that there's a real opportunity for them as well in recapturing those economics through broadband product. 
 Why should they stand by and let somebody else get the revenue share on viewership of the quality content that we have that we're transitioning over a period of time from free-to-air and cable to more contemporary app products? So the fact that we're working with broad distributors and they're starting to recognize the value for them to be hard bundling, marketing, driving this to recapture that younger consumer is a very, very good trend for us and for the industry. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then, Steve, on the continuous improvement mindset, again, it's -- I think it's important to take a step back. The large part of this company and maybe the entire industry just was never very focused on financial discipline. We have dramatically changed that. We have a completely different mindset across the entire management team now. And that starts from the creatives who know that the creative stories need to be great, but we're also running a business. And we have so many different processes in place now and some of those pay dividends over time. 
 Again, I mentioned the content workflow systems in my opening remarks here. If you designed Warner Bros. Discovery today, you would not create 12 different content systems, 14 different teams, the issues that HBO Max faced in '21 where they tried to roll out the product and were simply not able to get our content assets through the pipes because it was all duct taped together. We're in the process of working through all that. 
 My own financial systems, the corporate systems, we're still ripping out 5 different ERP systems. I have 225 financial boundary systems that we're replacing. 
 These things are paying dividends over many, many years. And what's also important is the one company mentality that just didn't exist on the Time Warner/ WarnerMedia side, everybody is fully focused and fully aligned. Our linear teams are proud to deliver the cash flow that we need as a company to fund our investments. They're proud to deliver the content regardless of whether it works on linear networks or whether you have applied it on [ sets ] working in the D2C space. And... 
David Zaslav: And one company really -- you really see it in the ability to market globally. You saw it with Barbie, Wonka, with dune: Two, with Godzilla. You saw it with House of the Dragon, The Last of Us. When we launch House of the Dragon again, every platform, every platform everywhere in the world will be promoting it. But it won't be just in spots, it will be all of our talent talking about what's coming up on Max. 
 And it's something that's become very attractive and it's recognized in the community, that this is a place where if you create great content, that the Warner Bros. Discovery team will globally get behind it. People will know it's coming and we'll generate a lot of energy behind any great content. And so I think that's becoming one of the signatures of this company: one company and the ability to market globally like no one else. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And even in our growth business under JB and Casey, we're still focused on this. There's a difference between an investment and an expense. And there is -- it's not a coincidence that we're leading in terms of profitability while we're getting ready to significantly accelerate our growth over the next couple of years. 
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time. Goodbye.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-23 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. Additionally, please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Warner Bros. Discovery's Q4 earnings call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, Chief Financial Officer; and JB Perrette, CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. Today's presentation will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements may include comments regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. For additional information on factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year earnings call. Our top priority this year was to get this company on solid footing and on a pathway to growth, and we've done that. We said we would be less than 4 times levered, and we are. We paid down $5.4 billion in debt for the year for a total of more than $12.4 billion since the deal closed. We're now at 3.9 times and expect to continue to de-lever in 2024. We've significantly enhanced the efficiency of the organization with a long runway still to go. We said we were going to generate meaningful free cash flow, a key KPI for our leadership and company, and we've exceeded our goal with $6.2 billion for the year. Gunnar will take you through the financials, but I would just highlight that as we look at the start of the first quarter, two months in, we are already seeing markedly improved free cash flow for Q1 versus first quarter last year, and inflection sequentially in linear, and an acceleration in streaming advertising. We are optimistic that the efforts we've undertaken on digital and advanced advertising solutions, much of which you'll hear about leading up to and during the upfront, will enable us to achieve a more competitive profile. Bottom line, we're a far healthier company now, and we're building real momentum. And we expect 2024 will be a year to drive that momentum forward even further. That said, this business is not without its challenges. Among them, we continue to face the impacts of ongoing disruption in the pay-TV ecosystem and a dislocated linear advertising ecosystem. We are challenging our leaders to find innovative solutions. For example, our US networks and sports teams have been collaborating on a number of initiatives aimed at expanding audience reach and impact through cross promotion. And I do believe we are getting smarter at determining what's working and what's not, which is helping to drive healthy traction in ratings and an improved near-term outlook in advertising revenue. Internationally, Gerhard Zeiler and his regional teams are doing an outstanding job, as international networks are performing strongly and gaining momentum, particularly in EMEA. Of note, linear advertising in EMEA was positive in Q4, with standout markets in Poland, Germany, and Italy, the latter of which is enjoying a truly material upswing in ratings behind some of the incredibly successful programming moves at flagship [NoVe] (ph), which had its best quarter ever in Q4. I was just in Italy two weeks ago and spent some time with the team. Their ratings this quarter are tracking it up over 20%. It's a terrific creative team and they have some real momentum. In fact, EMEA enjoyed its largest quarterly year-over-year share growth since the outset of the pandemic in 2020, despite some sluggishness in the UK and certain Nordic markets. This next chapter from Warner Bros. Discovery is about putting us on a pathway to growth. And we've got a lot of drivers of that growth, which at its core is underpinned by great storytelling. We are a creative storytelling company powered by 100 years of arguably the best franchises, brands, libraries, and content in the business and we are on offense. Our studios are back and firing on nearly all cylinders after the strikes. We're one of the biggest makers and sellers of content in the world. On the theatrical and gaming side, while we did have some real misses this year, we also had some really big wins, including Barbie, the number one movie globally and the most successful movie in the history of Warner Bros., and Hogwarts Legacy, the biggest game of 2023. Also in 2023, we relaunched our theatrical animation division with a commitment to have two features a year on our slate beginning in 2026. Bill Damaschke is leading our animation division after spending two decades at DreamWorks and he's hard at work here with us on the lot. Now with the addition of animation, DC, and our existing Warner Bros. and New Line Cinema labels, we have created a home for every kind of film and story to be told. And we are excited about what's ahead for movie-going audiences. We've had a challenging couple of years, but we are now very excited about our slate in the year ahead, starting with Dune: Part Two, which arrives in theaters a week from today and has strong tracking, 97% on Rotten Tomatoes, which is rare for a sequel. We also have Godzilla vs Kong: The New Empire, a follow-up to the hugely successful 2021 film opening next month. When we launched this company almost two years ago, we made it clear. We believe in this business. We're a pure storytelling company, and we're going to bring the best people in front of and behind the camera back to Warner Bros. And we have been laser focused on doing just that. First, Warner Bros is back in business with Tom Cruise. Our partnership with Tom is off and running. Mike and Pam spent a couple of days hard at work with Tom in London earlier this month. As you saw yesterday, we are in negotiations for a new film by Academy Award winner Alejandro Inarritu starring Tom. This will be the first of many films with us and Tom and we look forward to a long future together. Paul Thomas Anderson is also at Warner, hard at work on his new film, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Sean Penn, and Regina Hall. Maggie Gyllenhaal's new movie is set to begin shooting soon, starring Christian Bale, Jesse Buckley, Penelope Cruz, and Annette Benning. Black Panther's director, Ryan Coogler, and star Michael B. Jordan are coming together for a new original genre film that will go in front of cameras later this spring. George Clooney is back with Warner Bros. and working on a number of exciting projects. On the TV side, we just announced another season of the hit show, True Detective with creator and show runner Issa Lopez. A Juggernaut series, The White Lotus, from creator and showrunner Mike White, is currently in production. And Craig Mazin has started filming the new season of the hit show, The Last of Us. It's really encouraging to see so many incredibly talented creatives here at Warner Bros. And most importantly, they share our vision to be home to great storytelling, stories that entertain, inform, and when we are at our best, inspire. This is the Warner Bros we are building together. This is the Warner Bros of the future. A real strategic advantage we have as a company, and I've talked about it often, is the strength and depth of our franchises, which I believe will be a meaningful driver of asset value and growth for us. And we intend to deliver on our commitment to reinvigorate the best of them. And as I've said, major franchises have been underused and underleveraged. We are hard at work to begin to get full value. Superman, we haven't made a Superman movie in over a decade. James Gunn's Superman starts filming next week. I've had a glimpse into what James and Peter are doing, and it really does serve as an exciting indicator of where the new DC is headed under their leadership. And there'll be more that you'll hear from them in the months ahead. Game of Thrones. George R.R. Martin is in pre-production for the new spin-off, A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms, which will premiere in late 2025 on Max. Harry Potter. We've not been shy about our excitement around Harry Potter. The last film was made more than a dozen years ago. I was in London a few weeks ago with Casey and Channing, and we spent some real time with JK and her team. Both sides are thrilled to be reigniting this franchise. Our conversations were great, and we couldn't be more excited about what's ahead. We can't wait to share a decade of new stories with fans around the world on Max. We're aiming for a debut in 2026. The top priority for us has been building Max, our streaming service. We fought hard to get Max to be profitable last year. We are now committed to driving profitable top line growth. And while it's still early innings, we feel good about the trajectory we were on and are on track to achieve our guidance of $1 billion in EBITDA in 2025. We're especially excited about the next 24 months. We have a number of meaningful growth levers ahead, including the rollout of Max in key international regions and markets, starting with Latin America next week, with markets in EMEA and APAC to follow later in the year, including new markets, France and Belgium to coincide with the Paris Olympics this summer. Keep in mind, we are only available in less than half the addressable households and markets as compared to our larger peers. So we still have a huge opportunity for growth and globalization over the next two years, including many critical markets around the globe, such as the UK, Germany, Italy, Australia, and Japan. All of which we have a substantial amount of local content, and in many we have sports as well. We're also driving better segmentation and monetization by launching the new ad-supported offering which is currently only available here in the U.S. And by the end of this year will be available in over 40 markets globally as well. We also have a number of lucrative partnership deals internationally that will help us scale in more efficient and accelerated fashion. It's worth noting that Q4 saw the lowest US churn rates in HBO Max and Max's history. And the personalization and product improvements planned for this year should continue to have a positive impact on churn. And finally, we're excited to be refreshing and reigniting our content pipeline at Max. The fact is, the strikes really slowed down production. And we didn't have as much content as we wanted for Max. And we're now moving forward with a great slate. Our most recent series, True Detective: Night Country, starring Jodie Forster, was a real success, averaging over 12.5 million viewers, the highest season ever for the series. Looking ahead, we've got one of the best lineups in the history of HBO. This next quarter, we'll have Hacks and House of the Dragon, followed by DC's The Penguin and the new Dune series. Then in 2025, we'll kick off the year with the new season of The White Lotus, followed by The Last of Us and Euphoria, just to name a few. Also coming to Max from Warner Bros. Motion Pictures are Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom on February 27th. Wonka will join the service on March 8th followed by Dune: Part Two in the spring. We also inked a multi-year deal with a A24 in December to bring A24 theatrical releases exclusively to Max. They've already started being carried. I want to mention one other area of our business before turning it over to Gunnar to talk through the quarter. As you heard last week, we're entering a new joint venture with Disney and Fox focused on sports. We believe this will provide a terrific consumer experience and will be a great business. We couldn't be more excited about it. We'll also be able to bundle this product with Max. So we see this new joint venture as another potential driver of incremental growth for our business going forward. One more point on our sports business. Last weekend we saw great coverage and strong ratings at the NBA All-Star Game and All-Star Weekend. We have a strong positive 40-year relationship with the NBA. And in terms of our NBA rights, we are now fully engaged in renewal discussions, and they are constructive and productive. Our global sports portfolio continues to provide real meaningful value to all of our platforms. We're proud to be the home of one of the most coveted collections of premium sports content in the industry, along with a best-in-class talent roster and exceptional production values. We're excited for our expansive coverage of the Paris Summer Olympics throughout all of Europe as well. The hard work we've done over the last nearly two years has positioned us well financially and creatively. And as we look towards the future, we will continue to make the tough calls and do what is necessary to get this business on a clear pathway to growth and to drive increased shareholder value. With that, I'll turn it over to Gunnar, and he'll walk you through the financials for the quarter.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. 2023 was indeed a year marked by the accomplishment of several key objectives, and I'm very pleased with the effort across the organization to evolve our company as our industry continues to change. We come into 2024 well-positioned and once again with an ambitious agenda to further enhance our financial and strategic profile and to drive meaningful long-term shareholder value. Though we grew EBITDA 12% for the year on a pro forma basis, more than $1 billion year-over-year, the enormous financial benefits of our many important and successful transformative efforts have been somewhat mitigated by sustained headwinds across the industry. Yet we made strong progress against this backdrop this year, and I'd like to highlight a few notable accomplishments. First, our post-merger integration is substantively complete as of the end of 2023. We have now achieved total combined merger and transformation savings of $4 billion, not including the significant savings realized on content as well. As David has laid out before, while we talked about synergies, we're really applying a fundamentally different management approach to the combined company, data-driven and rational, with shareholder value at the center. There are substantial improvement opportunities left for us to capture, particularly in areas such as enterprise systems, production flow, global centers of excellence to name a few, and we expect to see this reflected in our near and long-term free cash flow generation. This is an entire organization buying into and operating with a one-team, one-company mindset. Second, our streaming team has made the turn. The D2C segment generated approximately $100 million of positive EBITDA, a $2.2 billion improvement year-over-year on a pro forma basis, well ahead of our targets. This was accomplished with a tremendous level of rigor and discipline across every aspect of the business, from programming to marketing to technology. And as expected, we've begun to see an inflection in subscriber-related revenues, both distribution and advertising, which accelerated to over 6% during the second half of the year versus very modest growth in the first, helped by price increases, growth in the ultimate tier, and scaling of the ad-lite subscriber base. 2024 will indeed be a pivotal year for Max. Relaunches and rebranding in existing Latin American and European markets over the next few months will be critical to bringing consumers an improved product experience and a more robust content offering, which will put us on better competitive footing. We will continue to take a disciplined approach to investing in subscriber growth, mindful of lifetime value to subscriber acquisition cost ratios as we proceed into this next phase. D2C advertising growth should layer in nicely throughout the year and the business is gaining momentum as it scales. With a more high-profile slate of shows from HBO scheduled for release throughout the year as compared to the second half of 2023, we're very well positioned to offer a greater share of highly coveted premium streaming inventory. Third, you have heard us talk about the free cash flow opportunity since we first announced the deal. In 2023, we generated $6.2 billion of free cash flow, a 60% conversion of our EBITDA to free cash flow. The impact of the strikes contributed roughly $1 billion to free cash flow while negatively impacting our EBITDA by a few hundred million dollars. We made great strides in realizing capital efficiencies throughout the year, and it was particularly evident in Q4 with over $3.3 billion of free cash flow generated this quarter alone. I am very pleased with the momentum here as the focus of the entire team continues to shift towards a deeper understanding of capital returns and shareholder value. We have laid a very solid foundation in 2023, and I expect 2024 to be another strong free cash flow year. Finally, all of this has helped support $5.4 billion of debt paydown during the year, including all of our more expensive variable rate term loans, enabling us to finish 2023 with less than $40 billion of net debt and resulting in net leverage of 3.9 times EBITDA, in line with our guidance from last February, despite all the headwinds mentioned earlier. I am very pleased and comfortable with our current capital structure, given the tremendous progress we have made. The entirety of our outstanding debt is now fixed with an average cost of 4.6% and an average duration of 15 years. Importantly, we have only very manageable amounts of debt coming due over the next three years, $1.8 billion this year; $3.1 billion next year, and $2.3 billion in 2026, providing us with real flexibility in how exactly we delever the company. We remain committed to our long-term gross leverage target of 2.5 times to 3 times, and while we do not expect to hit that target by the end of this year, as we noted on our last earnings call, we do expect to continue delevering in 2024 as we stay focused on debt repayment with our free cash flows and any proceeds from non-core asset sales like the All3Media sale announced last week. Turning briefly to the quarter, which I will discuss on a constant currency basis, I'd like to call out a few items and offer some additional puts and takes to consider for each of the segments. Starting with Studios. The primary callouts were, number one, the impact of the strikes, as I noted, which halted the production and delivery of TV content during the fourth quarter, which also informed some of our decisions about retaining or licensing content externally in the second half of the year. And two, what can best be characterized as an inconsistent performance of a theatrical slate. Wonka, the co-financing partnership, has had great success at the global box office and performed well above expectations, while Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom and The Color Purple unfortunately did not. This was evident in our lower-than-expected financial results across revenue and EBITDA. A couple of items to consider for the Studios segment during the coming quarter. We are lapping the release of Hogwarts Legacy in February last year, which saw the largest portion of its very positive financial impact in the first quarter. This year, Suicide Squad, one of our key video game releases in 2024, has fallen short of our expectations since its release earlier in the quarter, setting our games business up for a tough year-over-year comp in Q1. On the film side, Q1 will be burdened with the marketing campaigns for Dune Two and Godzilla vs. Kong, which opens at the very end of the quarter. Turning to Networks, revenues decreased 8% as advertising decreased 14% due to continuing softness in the US linear advertising market. Note, the disposition of the AT&T SportsNet negatively impacted advertising revenues by approximately 100 basis points during the quarter. While still not back to where we'd like it to be, we are seeing a nice improvement thus far in Q1. Domestic ad sales are pacing meaningfully better quarter to date as we are beginning to capture the benefits of our strong upfront deal struck last year. International ad sales, which accounts for over 20% of total network ad sales, continue to be firmer overall, particularly in EMEA, which represents over three quarters of international ad revenues, and where we saw a modest growth year-over-year during the fourth quarter. Like the US, we're seeing acceleration through the beginning of the first quarter so far in EMEA overall, while we continue to face challenging market environment in LatAm as ad dollars more steadily migrate to streaming, which ultimately presents a nice opportunity for Max as we relaunch in these markets. Network distribution revenues were effectively flat in the quarter after adjusting for the 400 basis points headwinds from exiting the AT&T SportsNet and transferring the TNT Sports Chile business to the D2C segment. On a reported basis, revenue decreased 3% as US pay-TV subscriber declines outpaced US affiliate rate increases, while inflationary impacts supported by inflation-linked pricing agreements in Argentina also benefited results. Overall, Networks EBITDA decreased 11% as the decline in high-margin advertising revenues was only partially offset by a 3% decrease in operating expenses, excluding the AT&T SportsNet's and TNT Sports Chile impact. Turning now to D2C, we finished the quarter with nearly 98 million subscribers, a modest sequential increase after accounting for the full consolidation following our acquisition of the outstanding shares of BluTV as well as transferring our TNT Sports Chile subs to the D2C segment as part of our premium sports streaming strategy. International remains the most important driver of our D2C subscriber growth with over 1 million subscribers gained in Q4. This more than offset domestic declines, where we continue to feel the impact of the partly strike-driven lack of fresh tent-pole content through the second half of the year. And as discussed before, remember that linear wholesale losses continue to mask underlying retail D2C traction. Content revenue in the segment declined 30% due to the intrayear timing of third-party licensing deals that we laid out in detail earlier in the year. Keep this in mind as we comp this in Q2 of 2024. Among the D2C subscriber-related revenues, which were up over 6% in the quarter, distribution revenues increased 4% and benefited from price increases in the US and certain international markets, as well as the Amazon Prime partnership in the US, which we lapped in December. Advertising revenues accelerated nicely versus Q3 to over 50%, helped by the 20230-2024 upfront deals, higher engagement on Max and ad-lite subscriber growth. We currently see the pace of D2C advertising revenue accelerating off this pace in Q1 and expect this to be an impactful segment driver for 2024 overall. With regional relaunches and key new market launches heavily weighted towards the first half of the year, we expect D2C EBITDA to be modestly negative in the first half and then profitable again in the second half. Net-net, we currently expect the D2C segment to be profitable for the year as we continue to pivot our focus on profitable top line growth. We remain focused on our target of $1 billion in D2C segment EBITDA in 2025, and 2024 will certainly lay important foundations for achieving this goal. Turning to our outlook for Q1 free cash flow, we're off to an outstanding start. Remember, Q1 is traditionally our seasonally weakest quarter, yet we see continued strong momentum so far and expect a very meaningful improvement year-over-year versus the negative $930 million we incurred last year. We continue to capture our cash opportunities, and I believe we have many more bites at the apple for years to come. Let me mention additional puts and takes to consider as you think about free cash flow for the year. Number one; the net cash benefit from the strikes, which will reverse this year as content production resumes to normalized levels, will naturally be a negative to free cash flow. We incurred roughly $1 billion in integration related cash costs, a little lower than what we had anticipated for 2023 due to the timing of certain initiatives. As we continue to execute on our transformation journey, we will likely incur some additional cash restructuring costs, but we expect this to be at a significantly lower level. Number three, the Olympics will be a drag to free cash flow this year, given its working capital dynamic. Number four, interest expense will certainly be lower in 2024 as we continue to delever and CapEx will likely be slightly lower as well. And then finally, of course, EBITDA will be the biggest determinant of free cash flow. Before I turn it back for Q&A, I'd like to finish with a final remark on the magnitude of change that's taken place at WBD. It really is night and day versus where we started. Of course, we still have additional work to do and more opportunity to capture, but the heavy lifting we've done helps pave the way for ongoing transformation and our ability to embrace the three pillars of our strategy, which reflect our strong commitment to quality storytelling, achieving maximum value through broad distribution and monetization, and operating professionally with a one company mindset. We are significantly closer to our longer-term leverage targets with more than $12 billion of debt paid down in less than two years. Certainly, having a more flexible financial profile doesn't insulate us, or anyone else for that matter, from having creative wins and losses, but it most certainly will help us take the necessary steps required to further achieve our growth objectives and to more intently focus on driving shareholder value. Now, David, JB and I will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Kutgun Maral: Good morning. Thanks. This is Kutgun Maral on for Vijay. One on the Studios and one on DTC. On the Studios, can you talk a little bit more about your strategic [Technical Difficulty] over the next few years? And when do you think we'll get to see the execution on your vision manifest more meaningfully from a financial perspective? Can we see more signs of this in 2024, 2025 or do you think it'll still be at least a few years until we get it to full value since it takes a while to reinvigorate franchises? And at DTC, when I look at Max from a content perspective, it feels a lot more like legacy HBO Max, and maybe with a less of a focus on legacy Discovery+. So I was hoping to get a little bit more color on how you think about the content portfolio overall at Max, and if there are areas you expect to invest more or less in going forward. And I guess as we all think about the evolution of the broader media ecosystem and debate M&A scenarios, what I'm really trying to get at is, whether more programming tonnage is necessary to be successful in DTC as we think about the evolution of the broader ecosystem. Thanks.
David Zaslav: Thanks so much. Look, we're coming through two years of product that we inherited that was a struggle, and you saw it as it came through our balance sheet. This year, we expect is going to be much better. Wonka was very strong. The team got in and really reworked that product. We've shown that we have a great ability to market a product globally. We're very committed to the Motion Picture business where we have loads of talent back, which I enumerated. But when you look at this year, we have M. Night, His Daughter has a movie coming out this summer, The Watchers. We have Beetlejuice coming. We're very excited about. Todd Phillips has his Joker, Joker 2 coming, all of which -- our overall lineup this year is much more compelling. We have a team that's ready to take -- to build those brands around the world. And as I've said, we've really targeted DC. We have Superman, Supergirl, great script has been written and that's being cast. We'll have James and Peter take you through in the next few months a full spectrum of what they see over the next 10 years. And we're attacking Lord of the Rings, we're attacking Harry Potter, because we think this is a balance. We have these great brands -- Game of Thrones. We have these great brands that people everywhere in the world know, love and will leave a dinner to come run and see. And the balance is we also need things like -- the new things like Barbie, and Mike and Pam are doing a terrific job. And our commitment to the Motion Picture business is something that there's a real sense of in the town and it's one of the reasons why we're getting some of the very best people coming on board with us. So I'm pretty excited about what we have this year and what you'll see rolling out in the year ahead. Bottom line, the studio has really been underperforming and -- including the end of the year, where we had some real struggle, but we're very optimistic about this year and it gives us a chance to have a lot of upside in the next two years. I mean, it was really a struggle. JB?
JB Perrette: Yes. And Kutgun, on the D2C segment, I guess a couple of points. Number one is, I think, as we mentioned on previous calls, first of all, as we're eight months in, the encouraging thing for us that we've seen is, ours engagement in terms of time spent proactive account has continued to increase and most of that increase has been driven by the inclusion of the legacy Discovery content, so -- and it's not been cannibalistic to the legacy HBO Max content. So we have seen increased engagement, increased hours of views, all driven by the inclusion of the legacy Discovery content. The second point I'd make is, if you look at the top 10 rails, it's pretty indicative. And you'll see oftentimes in there weeks where 90 Day Fiance or some of our other legacy Discovery content are making up three, four, five, sometimes even of the top 10 series on Max. So again, talking to content diversity and the success of the two content portfolios coming together. And then the third thing I'd say is, I think what is exciting about the next sort of 12, 24, 36 months is about a year and a half ago, Casey and the team with the non-HBO content, the Max Originals, really took a turn to sort of focus on bigger, broader WB-based franchises. And when you think of the lineup coming, they're very broad, they’re very four quadrant titles like Penguin, Dune, It, Conjuring, Harry Potter. And so, we feel like we're on a great trajectory. And frankly, the content lineup over the next two-plus years on Max is the most rich and the deepest and broadest that I think it will ever have been, not just on Max, but frankly even within the HBO lineup as well.
David Zaslav: And contrasted candidly of the next -- of the last six to eight months where we just didn't have a lot of content. So what's encouraging is that, we've been able to grow and we really haven't had much fresh content. And so this True Detective was step one, but we're going to be rolling out all of these franchises and shows over the next 12 to 24 months, and it gives us a real sense of optimism.
Kutgun Maral: That's very helpful. Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is open.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks, guys. Two, if I could. First, maybe for Gunnar. Thanks for some of the puts and takes for 2024, but just any other color you could give regarding EBITDA and potential growth, maybe break down it by segments if you could? And then on the new skinny sports bundle, just any other info you guys could provide in terms of what the product is going to look like, pricing, economics, and just maybe, David, your confidence that it's not going to accelerate cord cutting. Thanks.
David Zaslav: Sure. Well, why don't I start with that? Look, there's about 125 million households in America and there's more than 60 million of those that are not in the traditional bundled cable ecosystem. And we see that with things like Bleacher Report, where we have 30 million people mostly under 30 that the overwhelming majority are not in the traditional cable universe, but they love sports. They're on Bleacher and House of Highlights all day. And so we have a very rich target of over 60 million people that love sports. And it's a product that's quite modern. So today, when people are thinking what channel should I watch, what channel is my sport on, you'll be able to go to this new product, this new app-based product, and if you love the baseball playoffs, you'll watch all of them. And you're not thinking, what channel is it on? Hockey, you'll watch all of the hockey playoffs right through the Stanley Cup. For basketball, you'll watch all the playoffs right through to the championships, and you will never think or ever have to Google where is it. And so it's a platform that this -- that the younger generation that is not subscribing, we're able to go after those that we're missing. We're missing those subscribers. The traditional cable industry is missing those subscribers. We think it's very pro-consumer. Look, we have a great relationship and -- with our existing distributors. This is a unique product that's looking to meet a very strong demand. And together, I think this partnership of us together with Disney and Fox, with Bob and with Lachlan, we're like minded, we're aligned. We believe that this could be a very compelling product. We're going to be very aggressive with it. We're going to be aggressive marketing it, and we think it coexists very effectively. We don't see a lot of people unsubscribing to cable in order to get this. We're going after the 60 million plus doors that are -- they're not thinking about getting cable when they get their own apartments. And so, we're quite excited about it. I've seen a number of the prototypes. We're pretty far along. This is not an announcement you're going to see. We're going to follow pretty quickly with our plans, and I think it's going to meet a really -- it's going to meet a demand that's very strong in the marketplace.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, and then on the -- on your EBITDA question, John. So I did go through some of the puts and takes, as you said, in the prepared remarks. We are also going to continue calling out factors that will affect comparability over the course of the year. On a segment-by-segment level, if we start with the studio, we've talked about the games cadence last year, this year, and on the film side, obviously this is going to continue to be a hit-driven business. And just last year was a great example with the greatest success in the film studio's history and some real challenges across the industry on the superheroes side. So there is not a lot more to add at this point. For D2C, which clearly is the top priority here from a growth perspective for us, we're committed to maintain profitability, but as we said last time we spoke to all you guys, is we've restructured the business. $2.2 billion of profit improvement in 12 months. From here, the priority is going to be different. We're not going back to subs at all costs, but we want to fuel profitable top line growth, and that's going to be guiding us as we go through this year and beyond. We have the $1 billion bogey for -- before 2025, and JB and the team are going to lay very important foundations this year. We have deliberately not given a more specific target here because we will not be in a situation where we manage the business for results in individual quarters or fiscal years. We'll do the right thing for the company, and especially on the D2C side. That might mean decisions over the course of the year to pull back on individual markets, accelerate into others, respond to how our consumers are receiving our content. So rest assured, we'll do the right thing from the perspective of long term asset value and value generation, but we will not be focused so much on individual quarters or years profitability. On the linear side --
David Zaslav: Just one point on that. This -- the ability to now have a profitable streaming business and to keep that business profitable and growing in a year where we're launching in multiple markets around the world, where we're deploying real capital to build the brand, to market the programming, and to have the infrastructure around the world. And so for us, we see this year as a continued build as we go toward next year of $1 billion in streaming.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Right. And then just to finish up the segments here on the linear side, I mean, you heard us talk about what we're seeing right now, and that is a more optimistic view than we have had throughout most of the past 21 months since we closed this deal, but at the same time, I don't have a crystal ball, and we were not in the business of making longer term projections here. We're going to be as transparent as we can and as much detail as we can about what we're seeing, and we'll continue doing that as we go through the year. What really matters to me is we're going to continue to be very focused on delevering the company. I told you that against the $6.2 billion of cash generated last year, we're off to a strong start in Q1. January was very good. We're going to continue focusing. And I do think that we're still in the early innings here. We have an entire organization with 35,000 people changing their view on how we run the company, how we deploy capital and what we're optimizing for. That's going to have dividends for us for many, many years. So we'll continue to delever, we're committed to our 2.5 times to 3 times target range. And you'll continue to hear us talk about free cash flow generation.
David Zaslav: Free cash flow is a key metric for us. And we said we're going after it to have generated the $6.2 billion, but also just the 60% conversion, this company -- in a year where we held back dramatically on selling our content to third parties, where you saw -- I think it was almost $1 billion in difference year-over-year in terms of the content that we sold. We're doing what's right for the business long term. We're laser-focused on driving free cash flow delevering. You'll see us driving free cash flow this year. You'll see us delevering the balance sheet. That makes us a healthy company because when you partner that with the fact that we have great content, great creatives at Warner, at Max, at HBO, great content coming up in the next few years. That we think is the recipe to really differentiate us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ric Prentiss from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Ric Prentiss: Thanks. Good morning. Yes, hitting the free cash flow number, obviously strong year this year, but you had the strike benefit and you say you're going to grow the free cash flow. Can you give us a sense of is that -- can you go beyond the $6.2 billion, you've got to normalize for the billion? Can you do mid-5s? Can you give us kind of a goalpost on the free cash flow? And then second question. As you think about that free cash flow production that you're driving and the delevering that you're driving, it naturally brings up capital allocation questions, someday stock buybacks maybe, but also organic and external growth. What assets do you think you've got covered we don't need any other assets in this category? Are there some other assets out there in the marketplace that might be interesting on a nice to have or need to have?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Let me start with the free cash flow question and the view on investment priorities. So I did go through in my prepared remarks some of the puts and takes, and I deliberately do not want to give a specific quantitative free cash flow guidance. We did call out the fact that there was $1 billion of a benefit last year, and that is going to reverse in 2024. There's no question about it. I also took you through some of the below the line helpers here, interest expense and cash out is going to come down. CapEx is going to come down. Restructuring expenses are going to come down. And as I said, we will continue to be very, very focused on capital efficiency. And some of that impact is not going to be individual quarters, but it's a longer term process. And we have already very significantly changed the approach to our investment decision-making and a harmonized process across the entire company. So I have a lot of confidence that these will be very positive contributions over years to come. And as I said before, I'm not in a position this year to give very specific EBITDA or cash conversion guidance. We'll be very, very focused on it. We still believe that our long term target of 60% cash conversion is very doable, very achievable. [indiscernible] continue to focus on delevering the company. And what I will say is, we haven’t really -- we haven’t made any trade-off decisions here between investing in the company and delevering. We have funded our investments. David talked a little bit about the film studio, but we've also made investments on the games side to get to a more consistent cadence of releases over time. We have deployed hundreds of millions of capital into our studio lots and tours and operations, and we have funded every promising content project. And all of that is happening at the same time as we're investing in an overhaul of our systems landscape, et cetera. So we have made a ton of investments. We have great assets. We know where to invest more over time. And as I said, we -- from a capital allocation, capital structure perspective, we remain focused on the 2.5 times to 3 times for now. But you're right, over time, there is going to be more and more optionality.
David Zaslav: And just as an operating thesis for the company, we're really focused on running these companies -- each of the companies efficiently, having them work together, and we're fighting for free cash flow and to grow free cash flow in each of the businesses. As Gunnar said, this past year we did get the help of the strikes. On other transactions or whether there's assets out there outside of investing in ourselves that make sense, obviously, we look at everything. We work really hard to get ourselves a healthy balance sheet, to pay down debt, to get below 4 times levered, to really focus on where we're spending money, on driving free cash flow. And so, we've positioned this company really now as being a healthy company and with a great leadership team, with a lot of direction. We have a great set of assets. We're probably the only pure storytelling company, particularly a pure storytelling company that operates on all platforms. And I think we have the greatest set of franchise content assets. And so I like our hand. I think as we look to the future now with Max profitable, we think we can build that. And so we like where we are. We do have the optionality of looking at other assets, but it's going to be a very high bar for us. We like our hand, where it is, and we like the -- our particular strategy right now of building Max and really deploying all of our great creative assets.
Andrew Slabin: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. So maybe switching gears to advertising, you mentioned a few times that Q1, you're starting to see strength. Can you just give us some color on where it's coming from? How confident you are that this will continue throughout the year, particularly in light of all the increase in inventory, whether it's Amazon coming to the business, Walmart with VIZIO? And then as a follow-up, you mentioned some market launches in some pretty big countries, UK, Germany, Italy, Australia, Japan. Can you just talk about the timing? Some of these markets have limitations, like the UK. And then lastly, any color that you can give on third-party content sales or your views on that? There's just no way, given your library, that you can use all this content on Max.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: All right. Let me maybe take the first one here and provide a little more color on advertising. So as we said in our prepared remarks, we have actually seen improvements now into the first quarter across the board. The US side is, I think, benefiting from the fact that we've seen improving ratings trends over the entire second half of last year, and I think we're beginning to monetize that. The upfront deals are kicking in. Remember, we had a very different strategy this year versus last year. So it's a visible improvement across the board. And we -- again, I don't want to make any predictions for the rest of the year, but we have a lot of growth priorities lined up. We're catching up on advanced advertising revenues. The team has made some structural changes and we're beginning to harness the entire data footprint of Warner Bros. Discovery as we roll this out, upfront cancellations are [indiscernible]. So that's the US market. And again, forget about the streaming side of it, which, as I said, is growing at north of 50%. Internationally as well, and while there is no such thing as one international market, it is a mixed picture, but the key markets, the most relevant markets for us in Europe specifically, are doing very well. Again, Poland is doing incredibly well. We've got very, very strong network positions there. Italy has seen real upswing in programming. We're the fastest growing group in that market, and that's all flowing through to advertising. And even in those markets that historically have underperformed a little bit for us such as the UK, the Nordics, those numbers are looking much more stable now than they did in the fourth quarter. Again, this is seven weeks into the year. I don't want to make any predictions, but we're in a much, much better place today than we were.
JB Perrette: On the Max side, Jessica, in terms of the international rollouts, I mean, I think David -- as David said in his remarks, one of the things that's sort of misunderstood when people look at our subscriber numbers versus certainly our larger peers is the point he made in his remarks, which is that, we are currently available -- our TAM is less than half the size of those larger peers. So that means we have still 2 times the addressable market to go after -- the other half of the addressable market to go after. We are excited that in 2024, we're getting back to growth in new market rollouts, which is the first time in two years as we've been, obviously, hard at work retooling the platform and the technology and getting it right in the US, with LatAm launch next week, Europe starting in the second quarter with two brand-new markets in France and Belgium starting in the second quarter. Asia and Australasia will likely be more by 2025. And then the rest of the European markets for now slated more for 2026. So that's sort of how we see the rollout coming, and we think that's a huge tailwind for us for growth and subscriber growth and revenue growth over the next 24 months.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then Jessica, on the third-party sales, and I'll let David weigh in as well, of course, but we are doing exactly what we said we were going to do. There is no religion with regards to warehousing all of our content on Max or not doing business with competitors. We are one of the greatest makers of content in the world, and we serve our own platforms and we serve third-party platforms. And the honest answer is, I can give you a sort of high level direction. We're looking at this case by case, and we've got a process in place. We have the best possible view now on what the strategic, the financial merits of exploitation of our own platforms versus partial exploitation with third parties are. And we have healthy discussions. And what you will notice is, we haven't sold anything since we closed the Warner Bros. Discovery merger. We have done some co-exclusive deals, and that makes a lot of sense. We've got all the data. We know exactly what we're giving up, and we know exactly what we're winning. Now, at the same time, we are having tough discussions internally. We look at the data together and there are definitely certain red lines, and David makes sure that we never cross them. But in other cases, we've gone with some deals that have garnered some press attention and that I am very, very happy with because we're doing the right thing. We're providing oxygen to our content and we're optimizing returns here, not only for the company or shareholders, but also for the talent that we're working with. We are doing the best we can to make those great stories and monetize them in the best possible way.
David Zaslav: The point that Gunnar made, when we do sell content, we do it only co-exclusively so that we hold on to everything. There's nothing that we want that's on Max that we would sell and wouldn't be on Max anymore. I would put it in two categories. Channing is back in business quite aggressively, the Warner Bros. Television business. We have over 100 series, some of the best series on television, Shrinking, Abbott Elementary, Ted Lasso. We have some of the greatest talent on the TV side working with us. And so, that's back up and we think we're going to see a lot of -- we'll see a lot of opportunity there. On our library, we're incredibly aggressive on the bottom end of it. There is a group of big branded programs that represent the core of who we are as a company. And we're -- those are going to stay with us, and you've seen some big name shows, but most of those have been around for a very long time. They've already been syndicated on other platforms and we're able to reap a significant amount of dollars from them. And so, that will be the balance. We probably have the biggest motion picture and TV library in the world, and our job is to really focus on how to monetize that with different windows.
Andrew Slabin: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe for JB, just to follow-up on the direct-to-consumer Max strategy. You listed UK, Italy, Germany. I know those are Sky licensing deals. I'm assuming Australia, Japan have similar structures. So have you guys made the decision to sort of move out of those relationships and go direct to consumer? Or maybe you could just talk about your thoughts because you have had some nice deals in those markets in the past. And then for JB and maybe Gunnar, however you want to address it, great news to hear on the NBA conversations. Clearly, that would be a big positive to retain those rights. How do you think about making that work financially for the company? It's not a big debate that linear TV is under pressure on the revenue side, and I think it's probably safe to say the NBA costs are going to go up. So how do you guys approach this from a kind of a P&L point of view when you think about exploiting the NBA for what I imagine will be another long-term deal? Thanks so much.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Look, the UK, Germany and Italy, and I think we've said it before over the last year, are key markets for us. We have deals in those markets with Sky, which is a -- has been a -- over the years, a great partner to us in many ways and will continue to be a great partner to us. But having our own direct-to-consumer product in those markets is a core strategic initiative of ours, and we're already in business aggressively in those markets. In the UK, we have our direct-to-consumer Discovery+ product and we're one of the leaders in sport in the UK where we have what -- our partnership with BT, which we just rebranded as TNT Sports, and that has millions and millions of subscribers. And that partnership is going very, very well. And so, the idea of coming into that market with the wealth of content that we have, and our content is -- we see how well our content works in the UK, Germany and Italy. We could see the ratings of that content when it airs on Sky and the share that it gets in the aggregate. And so we think it's -- those will be real businesses for us and meaningful and real opportunity to grow economics and grow subscribers, but that'll be in -- beginning in 2026.
JB Perrette: And I'd just add, Ben, I think the thing that's been most -- in some ways, the most exciting for the international rollouts is that, as David mentioned in some of his prepared remarks, there are a number of distribution partners in all these markets that are very eager to find ways to help us get to market faster and scale faster. And doing it with a partner, in many cases, can drive a lot of efficiencies from a marketing standpoint and get us to scale very quickly. So those are also great and very good conversations. And ultimately, economically, I think, will be very interesting for us as we transition from more licensed model to a D2C model.
David Zaslav: Now, there are markets like, for instance, India, where we did a very attractive deal with Reliance. There are markets where we look and we say that for the near term, even in that case, we did not do a long-term deal, we get a chance to see how all of our content does. And if we think that we can be more profitable and build asset value in a market, we will go. In markets where we don't and the economics are very compelling to sit out for a period of time, we'll do that like we did in India. But Europe is core to us and Latin America. And so you're seeing us really speak to that with these launches, and you'll see it over the next 18 months.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then Ben, on the NBA, as you know, we're in the middle of exclusive discussions here, so I want to lift it up maybe one level to a general statement on how we look at sports rights. We're spending close to $20 billion sort of, on content and programming in the broadest sense, and every dollar we spend plays a different role across the portfolio. We generally like to own our content. That's not the case with sports, but we obviously acknowledge the enormous value, reach value, emotional value of these deals. And we have been able to strike profitable deals and we're always going to be disciplined. It's very easy to lose control over sports rights investments. That's not what we do. We're going -- we know exactly what value we assign and we stay disciplined during our discussions. And if you take that into account, I think we have enormous opportunity to be much more efficient with our content spend overall across the entire company, and that will include certain areas in which, you're right, you probably have to assume that there is inflation going forward. On the NBA specifically, we've had a very, very strong partnership for 40 years, and I certainly hope that we're going to be able to continue that in the most positive way.
Andrew Slabin: Let's see if we have time for one more quick one.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Robert Fishman from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Robert Fishman: Thanks. Good morning. Two for you guys quickly, if I can. David, you've been vocal about the idea of rebundling. Do you think it's inevitable that the digital streaming ecosystem will end up looking a lot like the old MVPD world? And maybe if you can talk about the benefit of bundling Max with other streaming services like Netflix through Verizon. And then for JB or Gunnar, can you talk about the future of Bleacher Report sports add-on product, given the sports JV announcement and anything you can share in terms of the engagement with sports on Max to date with the free option? Thanks so much.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Robert. Look, I think everything is driven by the consumer experience, and the consumer experience right now is cluttered, it's awkward, it's somewhat confusing. People have learned how to deal with it. You google what show, where a show is and -- or where a sport is, but rebundling just makes an awful lot of sense. And this idea, I think we've transitioned out of the idea of subs at any cost. We've done that by getting Max profitable and really focusing on getting real subs with real economics and growing that like a real business. But the ability for a consumer to go to one place, the Verizon example is a good example, and Netflix is a great product. You put it together with Max and you can get those together, provide a very meaningful experience for people, and it makes it a lot easier to traverse across our universe and theirs. In the longer term, I expect that there will be meaningful bundling. It's going to happen in one of two ways. It'll either be a bundling by an intermediary, a platform company like an Apple or an Amazon or a Roku, or what's going on with Charter and Comcast, which is very compelling and I think very helpful to all of us in the content business, that these channel stores morph into places that have -- just provide a simpler and easier and less anxious experience for people to find the content that they want and have it be simple and fluid. or we could do it ourselves, and I've always advocated that we should do it ourselves. And so we're looking to do that domestically. We're looking to do it outside the US. In some ways, the sports venture is trying to meet that very need that when you put our product together with Lachlan and Fox's product together with the ESPN product, it just has a much better, more fluid, more simple consumer experience. It's not which channel is it on? It's not where do I go? How do I go? Do I have it? Don't I have it? It's in one place. And I think more and more will be gravitating toward that.
JB Perrette: And I think Robert, on the B/R Sports part of the question, it really -- it dovetails exactly with what David just said, which is we look at the overall the sports venture, this new sports venture, and the ability for the partners to bundle with their existing streaming services, and with our case, with Max is great for the consumer, make it much more simplified. And as it relates to, what does that mean for the existing B/R Sports that are on Max, look, we'll have more to share with that over the coming months as the -- we get closer to launch the venture, but obviously, it's incredibly compelling to be able to say that we'll be able to take the incredible entertainment offering that will be on the -- that is on Max, along with the great aggregated, simpler, more compelling consumer offering of the joint venture and put those two together and offer them in a compelling fashion to the subscribers. And as just as a note, obviously, in the meantime, we're continuing to lean in on the Bleacher Report sports offering, and we're incredibly excited over the next few months to bring all of our March Madness, including building up to the Final Four on Max for the first time here over the next 45 days, and then leading into the NBA playoffs a little bit later in the spring.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. Additionally, please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning and welcome to Warner Bros. Discovery's Q3 earnings call. With me today is David Zaslav, President and CEO; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our CFO; and JB Perrette, CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that today's conference call will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include comments regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. A copy of our Q3 earnings release, trending schedule and accompanying slide deck will be available on our website at ir.wbd.com. And with that, I am pleased to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Hello, everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me start by saying that we are hopeful we will reach a resolution to the SAG-AFTRA strike soon. We made a last and final offer which meant virtually all of the Union's goals and includes the highest wage increase in 40 years and believe it provides for a positive outcome for all involved. We recognize that we need our creative partners to feel valued and rewarded, and look forward to both sides getting back to the business of telling great stories. As the strikes underscored, these are challenging times. Our industry is facing accelerated disruption and a rapidly changing marketplace, and to succeed long-term, we must be flexible and adaptable and have a strong arsenal of assets that will enable us to maintain momentum amidst ever evolving consumer behavior. And at Warner Bros. Discovery, we are and we do. Over the last 19 months, we have been relentlessly focused on reinventing this company, repositioning it as a more stable, efficient free cash flow generating business. While we are and always will be a work in progress and while we are thoughtfully navigating industry wide challenges like a strained advertising market, our teams continue to execute on our strategy. More broadly, we generated over $2 billion in free cash flow in Q3 and are on track to meaningfully exceed $5 billion for the year. This has made it possible for us to aggressively pay down our debt, which we've reduced by nearly $12 billion since launching the company last year and as we've said, by the end of the fourth quarter, we will be meaningfully below 4 times net levered. While paying down debt and delevering will remain a top priority for us, we're also now in a position to allocate more capital toward growth opportunities. Our asset mix, one of the most complete and diversified in the industry, positions us as well as any to drive long-term value. We possess the full slate of production and distribution capabilities as one of the preeminent makers and sellers of content in the world. And as you know, we are home to many of the most iconic brands and franchises in the history of entertainment. Of course, we believe the real power lies not just in the storytelling, IP, brands and franchises, as formidable as they are, but in the opportunities we create as one company to maximize their impact, reach and ultimately their value. As I said previously, a lot of our most popular IP has been underused. There are great new stories waiting to be told and exciting new ways to bring those stories and characters to life across screens, consumer products, experiences, and more. We recognize that we can do a better job of managing and maximizing the value of our blue chip franchises like Game of Thrones, Harry Potter, and Superman. Each represents an ecosystem of storytelling possibilities and we intend to capitalize on their potential with a more focused franchise management approach and look forward to bringing in a new global head of franchise as we discussed two weeks ago. This person will work closely with the leaders of our businesses to identify opportunities to expand the reach and impact our storytelling IP across the full range of consumer touch points. More on this soon. One of the big advantages we have at Warner Bros. Discovery is that we own and control all of our content and storytelling IP and that allows us to distribute it in ways that maximize reach and profitability. Of course, the top priority for us is our streaming service Max. We continue to be very pleased with the strong foundation that JB, Casey and the team have put in place to first stabilize and now grow the business. In Q3, we generated another quarter of positive EBITDA behind both distribution and advertising revenue growth. And we recently layered in live programming underpinning a broad content offering that appeals to a wider spectrum of consumers and is showing increased engagement and lower churn. And while the third quarter subscriber numbers were impacted by one of our lightest original content schedules in years, in part due to the strike constraints that compelled us to delay some releases, as well as a further decline in the overlapping Discovery Plus subscriber base, which we expected and discussed with you. We are very excited about our more robust content slate as we head into the strong 2024 and beyond. We've got a fantastic lineup planned, including the new season of True Detective: Night Country with Oscar winner Jodie Foster, which will premiere on January 14, followed in the spring by the new limited series The Regime, starring Oscar winner Kate Winslet. Later in the year, we'll see The Sympathizer an espionage thriller based on the Pulitzer Prize winning book by the same name, produced and co-starring Robert Downey Junior.
BatVerse: And in 2025, we'll have brand new seasons of The Last of Us, Euphoria, White Lotus and more. We're confident this great new content will further fuel Max's popularity, both domestically and around the world. Coupled with our new live programming, it really does provide an exceptional offering for consumers. In October, we launched CNN Max, a 24/7 streaming offering with live news, analysis and original programming from the most recognizable news brand in the world. And while CNN is a strong linear asset, we also appreciate there's a segment of the population, mostly young people, who don't subscribe to cable, and this new streaming product appeals to them as well, as evidenced by CNN Max viewers being nearly 20 years younger than traditional linear viewers and the vast majority of our CNN Max viewers being non-pay TV Subs. We are analyzing everything we're learning in these early stages and we'll continue to iterate and improve the offering. But the key takeaway here is that we saw an opportunity and we were able to pivot quickly, seamlessly and decisively. And by providing CNN Max on the service, we're expanding our audience and our impact. The fact is what CNN does has never been more important or more impactful, and no one does it better. In my view we have the very best journalists in the business. Right now we have over 70 people on the ground across Israel, Gaza, the West Bank and Lebanon and we've also got teams in Ukraine. They're in harm's way, working around the clock, reporting on these conflicts. And our teams bring not only their news reporting skills, but their deep knowledge of the regions, the geopolitical actors and the conflicts to bear in a way that really benefits the audience. If you go to the White House, the Pentagon, the State Department, Congress, Embassy Row, CNN is on and it's on in homes across the U.S. and everywhere across the globe. Our new Chairman and CEO of CNN Worldwide, Mark Thompson is in the seat now. He has visited nearly all of the offices and has already spent considerable time with leaders and employees. We couldn't be more thrilled to have Mark at the helm. CNN is coming off a strong month in October with our new prime time programming lineup off to a very strong start and audience levels for the U.S. network up double digits year-over-year in key demos, while also outpacing the competition on both linear and digital platforms where CNN remains the number one digital news outlet in the world. We're excited to build on this momentum. We also launched Sports on Max last month with the Bleacher Report Add-On Sports tier which will include over 300 live sporting events annually starting with the Major League Baseball post season games which were incredible and now NHL and the NBA through the playoffs as well as NCAA Men's March Madness, U.S. Soccer and more. It's a huge advantage for us to have live sports and news together with our bouquet of scripted entertainment, nonfiction and one of the best TV and motion picture libraries in the world. Not only does this make for an even better offering for consumers, as evidenced by the millions of subscribers who have enjoyed our sports and news offering in only the first few weeks, but it's also helping habituality, which is the most strongly correlated influence on churn. Similar to news, sports is bringing in an incremental and younger audience with Max viewers, on average 12 years younger than traditional linear. We'll be launching Max in Latin America in the first quarter of 2024, followed by the Nordics, Iberia, Netherlands and Central and Eastern Europe starting in the spring. The service will launch in France and Belgium in 2024 as well, our first entirely new markets. And in markets where Max will not yet be available, Discovery Plus and Max will be the only place where fans can get every minute of the Olympics in Paris next summer. Lots to look forward to. I also want to remind people that Max and HBO Max are still only available in markets that reach 45% of the world's broadband households, even excluding China, Russia and India. And while we will stay financially disciplined in our decision making, we have significantly more growth to come over the next two to three years as we expand to over half of the world where we are not yet available. Looking across our full portfolio, another area where we see particular opportunity is in gaming where we have 11 world class studios and are unique amongst our media peers as both a developer and publisher of games. Research has shown that Gen Z and Gen Alpha prefer gaming to any other form of entertainment, more than social media, more than watching television or listening to music, more than going to the movie theater. Games will be even more important to our fans in the future, and so having this asset in our arsenal is a critical differentiator and a real growth opportunity. As a developer and publisher, we control quality and enjoy the full economic benefits of the games we produce as well as capturing the broader franchise benefits across the company. In 2023 we've released two of the industry's top 10 console games, including the number one game released this year, Hogwarts Legacy and we still have the Switch version to come, launching next week. Our Harry Potter fans have immersed themselves in Hogwarts legacy, playing more than 700 million hours to date. That engagement helps not only our games business, but also helps build and revitalize the entire Harry Potter franchise and we know our fans want even more. We've worked really hard on our games business for the last year and a half. And it's also a business where we have had a strong track record. Games have been a very successful and steady segment for Warner Bros. for over a decade. We've been profitable in each of the last 15 years averaging more than $400 million in EBITDA the last three years alone. We believe games is a critical and very valuable asset for the company with a great deal of potential for growth. Games has consistently enjoyed among the highest ROIs of any of our businesses. And while we're smaller than some of the leading pureplay gaming companies, our operating margins are comparable to the best of the public companies. We're clearly punching above our weight and we're just getting started. And similar to the leaders in the industry, we've led with multiple key franchises, each of which is $1 billion gaming property. Harry Potter, Game of Thrones, DC, which is mainly Batman today, and Mortal Kombat, whose most recent release, Mortal Kombat 1 has sold nearly 3 million copies since its launch in mid-September. So we've got the proven IP and franchises, the world class studios and publishing talent and we intend to continue to invest more capital and more resources into the business. Our focus is on transforming our biggest franchises from largely console and PC based with three-four year release schedules to include more always on gameplay through live services, multiplatform and free-to-play extensions with the goal to have more players spending more time on more platforms. Ultimately we want to drive engagement and monetization of longer cycles and at higher levels. We have put specific capabilities. We are currently under scale and see significant opportunity to generate greater post purchase revenue. Bottom line, we've come a long way in 19 months and have built a very solid foundation for growth. I'm energized by what we've done in such a short period of time and even more so than where we are headed as a company. As I said at the outset, our industry is undergoing great disruption and while there are some key factors that are out of our control, like the economy and the impacts of the strike, we do have a very strong handle on those areas of our businesses that we can directly influence. Clearly, there is still much more to be done and our sleeves are rolled up and we're hard at work. I'm as confident as ever that we have the greatest assets, the strongest creative team and the absolute resolve to make Warner Bros. Discovery the very best it could be. With that, I'll turn it over to Gunnar and he'll walk you through the financials. Gunnar?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us this morning. I'm very pleased with the strong progress that WBD continues to make across a number of fronts, particularly in light of the obstacles we and the industry have had to navigate, namely geopolitical and economic uncertainty and strike related constraints. We are operating with both greater precision and focus as well as increased flexibility and adaptability.
ex: This quarter, we repaid another $2.4 billion of debt, enabling us to address nearly all floating rate debt that was issued to finance the transaction. In October, we further repaid an additional $600 million of the term loan, leaving only $550 million of this variable and lately higher interest rate debt and bringing total debt repayment since closing up the transaction to nearly $12 billion. We will continue to reduce debt as we generate cash and net leverage will be comfortably below 4 times at year end as previously guided. I am proud that WBD will exit this year with a fundamentally improved financial profile as compared to the beginning of this year regarding command and control, cost structure, profitability and cash flow generation and the balance sheet. Briefly on our Q3 segment results, which I will as usual discuss on an ex-FX basis. Overall, studios revenues increased 3%. Barbie, the highest grossing movie of 2023 thus far and the highest grossing movie in Warner Bros. history, was the primary driver of segment revenue. Games was also a contributor, which benefited from the release of Mortal Kombat 1 in September. Of course, weighing on this was the impact of the strikes on the production and delivery of TV content, as TV revenues declined significantly, offsetting strong films and games performance. We also face tough comparisons against certain content licensing deals last year. Finally, segment EBITDA decreased 6% in part also due to greater marketing support behind film and game releases. At Networks, total revenue and EBITDA were impacted by a modest decline in distribution revenue and the continued challenging advertising marketplace, predominantly here in the U.S. where the market has continued to be weaker than we had hoped, while international markets on balance remain more stable in comparison. Looking ahead to Q4, we will be helped by the strong deals we secured for the upfront year 2023-2024 and improving ratings trends on some of our core networks. Taken together, while the market environment continues to be soft, we are expecting an incremental improvement of our network segment ad sales in the fourth quarter. Turning to D2C, we ended Q3 with over 95 million subscribers, representing a modest sequential loss, largely as a result of an extraordinarily light content slate and some expected decline in the overlapping discovery in Max subscribers. Revenues increased 5% as our core subscriber related revenues distribution and advertising through 5% and 29% respectively, while content decreased 17%. Distribution growth was primarily due to price increases in the U.S. and certain international markets as well as a more favorable subscriber mix as noted previously in wholesale subscribers which have been declining, tend to have lower ARPU's than retail subscriber. D2C Adjusted EBITDA was positive $111 million representing a $745 million year-over-year improvement helped by both revenue growth and OpEx improvements with cost down 21%. Our D2C team has done a remarkable job improving the quality and financial profile of our streaming business. Only 19 months into the combined operation as Warner Bros. Discovery and a few months after the launch of Max, we are now on track to at least break even or even profitable across the D2C segment to swing up approximately $2 billion versus last year and very well ahead of our own plan. This is an incredibly valuable asset and provides a strong vantage point for our path to long-term sustainable growth. Turning briefly to consolidated results, revenues increased 1% to nearly $10 billion, while adjusted EBITDA increased 22% to $2.97 billion. Year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA has improved by nearly $1.2 billion year-over-year on a pro forma basis, even with pro forma Networks advertising revenue now down nearly $1 billion in the first nine months of this year and the headwind from the ongoing work stoppage in Hollywood. We continue to expect that adjusted EBITDA for the full year will be in the $10.5 billion to $11 billion range. Factors impacting where within that range we end naturally include the tone of the scatter market in the U.S., the performance of our three remaining feature film releases in December, as well as the timing of content licensing. Free cash flow for the quarter was a positive $2.1 billion versus the negative $200 million in the prior year quarter, which recall was the first full quarter of the combined company. The nearly $2.3 billion positive swing year-over-year in this quarter alone illustrates the meaningful strides that we have made on all fronts. Admittedly, the swing also includes some benefits from the strikes. So the vast majority of the improvement has been the result of our transformation efforts and relentless focus on efficiencies across the enterprise. From finding deeper cost synergies with more than $3 billion of incremental cost synergies flowing through this year to driving working capital improvements and far greater discipline on capital allocation. I continue to believe we're still very much in the early stages of realizing the full benefit of many of these initiatives. I expect full year free cash flow to be similar to the trailing 12 months at the end of Q3, i.e. in this $5.3 billion range give or take with some further strike related benefits balanced against the tough comp in Q4 free cash flow last year when we converted nearly 100% of our EBITDA to free cash flow. Looking ahead to 2024 and with some preliminary thoughts from early stage budgeting, I'd like to provide an initial perspective on a couple of points. On the positive side, I continue to be confident in our ability to further drive and maintain cost discipline. By the end of this year, we will have realized over $4 billion of cost synergies and we will have already implemented initiatives to deliver more than $5 billion through 2024 and beyond, as I have detailed in the past. Second, with our strong cash generation, significantly reduced leverage, the outstanding results our games business has delivered, the turn to profitability of our streaming business, and the clear value in our ability to drive franchise returns across the company, we see more and more opportunity for investing in sustainable profitable growth. As David alluded to and as we shared with you over the last quarter, as we are planning for 2024, we are examining ways to reinvest at a slightly faster pace into these growth avenues. This will be most relevant in areas such as marketing support for Max in the U.S. and in conjunction with launches in Latin America and EMEA, including new markets, particularly given the high profile release schedule Casey has assembled and the Olympic Games in Paris next summer. Our disciplined framework centered on rigorous analysis of subscriber acquisition costs, customer lifetime value and return on investment will firmly guide this process and support continued traction and revenue growth while maintaining our focus on longer term segment profitability targets. On the challenging side, it is becoming increasingly clear now that much like 2023, 2024 will have its share of complexity, particularly as it relates to the possibility of continued sluggish advertising trends. To that point, while streaming advertising remains robust, the state of the overall linear ad market during the second half of this year has been disappointing. And looking ahead, while it is early, the timing of an ad recovery is currently difficult for any of us to predict with any conviction. And finally, as we begin to formulate the initial framework of our TV production business getting back to work into 2024, there is simply a lot we don't know yet. While we have every confidence that this will eventually ride itself throughout the next year and there should be an eventual tailwind from the end of the work stoppage, this is an evolving process and there is a real risk at this point that some negative financial impact of the strike will extend into 2024 to some extent. Here's what these factors mean as we look ahead. We will exit 2023 with great momentum and leverage reduction. We have taken significant financial and operating risk off the table over the last year and we are fully committed to our gross leverage target range of 2.5 to 3 times adjusted EBITDA. That said, taking together the factors just mentioned for an early view on 2024, it is unlikely from today's perspective that we will hit our target leverage range by the end of 2024 without a meaningful recovery of the TV ad market. We remain hopeful. Indeed, we expect to continue to generate very meaningful free cash flow. Key building blocks to consider for 2024 free cash flow remain #1 around $1 billion tailwind of cash cost to achieve largely going away, #2 lower cash interest expense and #3 further progress in AR and AP driven working capital initiatives, offset by the potential headwinds I've noted most importantly, a potential further decline in U.S. advertising and of course, the return to a normal content capital spend, as well as the incremental growth investments I noted earlier. I remain very comfortable with our leverage and our delevering path as underpinned by the strength of our free cash flow conversion. Looking at our maturities over the next five years, the average amount of debt coming due is below $3 billion per year. Our debt stack is long dated and low cost with the nearly 15-year average maturity and a weighted average coupon of a little over 4.6%. With the vast majority of our remaining debt being fixed, we will be largely insulated from rising rates and in fact, we'll have increasing opportunity to retire debt at a significant discount. As I stated at the beginning of my remarks, in a very compressed time frame, we have made very significant progress as an organization in what remains a very complex and disruptive period in the industry. And our transformative efforts have better positioned us to compete, to respond to industry dynamics and to participate with strong operating leverage when the macroeconomic and at market backdrop eventually turned positive. And with the initial phase of integration work largely behind us and the free cash flow engine continuing to fire on all cylinders, we are more focused than ever on driving sustainable and profitable growth that will enhance the financial and competitive profile of the company over the next several years with real upside to shareholder value. Thank you again for your time this morning and now David, JB and I are happy to take your questions.
FX: This quarter, we repaid another $2.4 billion of debt, enabling us to address nearly all floating rate debt that was issued to finance the transaction. In October, we further repaid an additional $600 million of the term loan, leaving only $550 million of this variable and lately higher interest rate debt and bringing total debt repayment since closing up the transaction to nearly $12 billion. We will continue to reduce debt as we generate cash and net leverage will be comfortably below 4 times at year end as previously guided. I am proud that WBD will exit this year with a fundamentally improved financial profile as compared to the beginning of this year regarding command and control, cost structure, profitability and cash flow generation and the balance sheet. Briefly on our Q3 segment results, which I will as usual discuss on an ex-FX basis. Overall, studios revenues increased 3%. Barbie, the highest grossing movie of 2023 thus far and the highest grossing movie in Warner Bros. history, was the primary driver of segment revenue. Games was also a contributor, which benefited from the release of Mortal Kombat 1 in September. Of course, weighing on this was the impact of the strikes on the production and delivery of TV content, as TV revenues declined significantly, offsetting strong films and games performance. We also face tough comparisons against certain content licensing deals last year. Finally, segment EBITDA decreased 6% in part also due to greater marketing support behind film and game releases. At Networks, total revenue and EBITDA were impacted by a modest decline in distribution revenue and the continued challenging advertising marketplace, predominantly here in the U.S. where the market has continued to be weaker than we had hoped, while international markets on balance remain more stable in comparison. Looking ahead to Q4, we will be helped by the strong deals we secured for the upfront year 2023-2024 and improving ratings trends on some of our core networks. Taken together, while the market environment continues to be soft, we are expecting an incremental improvement of our network segment ad sales in the fourth quarter. Turning to D2C, we ended Q3 with over 95 million subscribers, representing a modest sequential loss, largely as a result of an extraordinarily light content slate and some expected decline in the overlapping discovery in Max subscribers. Revenues increased 5% as our core subscriber related revenues distribution and advertising through 5% and 29% respectively, while content decreased 17%. Distribution growth was primarily due to price increases in the U.S. and certain international markets as well as a more favorable subscriber mix as noted previously in wholesale subscribers which have been declining, tend to have lower ARPU's than retail subscriber. D2C Adjusted EBITDA was positive $111 million representing a $745 million year-over-year improvement helped by both revenue growth and OpEx improvements with cost down 21%. Our D2C team has done a remarkable job improving the quality and financial profile of our streaming business. Only 19 months into the combined operation as Warner Bros. Discovery and a few months after the launch of Max, we are now on track to at least break even or even profitable across the D2C segment to swing up approximately $2 billion versus last year and very well ahead of our own plan. This is an incredibly valuable asset and provides a strong vantage point for our path to long-term sustainable growth. Turning briefly to consolidated results, revenues increased 1% to nearly $10 billion, while adjusted EBITDA increased 22% to $2.97 billion. Year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA has improved by nearly $1.2 billion year-over-year on a pro forma basis, even with pro forma Networks advertising revenue now down nearly $1 billion in the first nine months of this year and the headwind from the ongoing work stoppage in Hollywood. We continue to expect that adjusted EBITDA for the full year will be in the $10.5 billion to $11 billion range. Factors impacting where within that range we end naturally include the tone of the scatter market in the U.S., the performance of our three remaining feature film releases in December, as well as the timing of content licensing. Free cash flow for the quarter was a positive $2.1 billion versus the negative $200 million in the prior year quarter, which recall was the first full quarter of the combined company. The nearly $2.3 billion positive swing year-over-year in this quarter alone illustrates the meaningful strides that we have made on all fronts. Admittedly, the swing also includes some benefits from the strikes. So the vast majority of the improvement has been the result of our transformation efforts and relentless focus on efficiencies across the enterprise. From finding deeper cost synergies with more than $3 billion of incremental cost synergies flowing through this year to driving working capital improvements and far greater discipline on capital allocation. I continue to believe we're still very much in the early stages of realizing the full benefit of many of these initiatives. I expect full year free cash flow to be similar to the trailing 12 months at the end of Q3, i.e. in this $5.3 billion range give or take with some further strike related benefits balanced against the tough comp in Q4 free cash flow last year when we converted nearly 100% of our EBITDA to free cash flow. Looking ahead to 2024 and with some preliminary thoughts from early stage budgeting, I'd like to provide an initial perspective on a couple of points. On the positive side, I continue to be confident in our ability to further drive and maintain cost discipline. By the end of this year, we will have realized over $4 billion of cost synergies and we will have already implemented initiatives to deliver more than $5 billion through 2024 and beyond, as I have detailed in the past. Second, with our strong cash generation, significantly reduced leverage, the outstanding results our games business has delivered, the turn to profitability of our streaming business, and the clear value in our ability to drive franchise returns across the company, we see more and more opportunity for investing in sustainable profitable growth. As David alluded to and as we shared with you over the last quarter, as we are planning for 2024, we are examining ways to reinvest at a slightly faster pace into these growth avenues. This will be most relevant in areas such as marketing support for Max in the U.S. and in conjunction with launches in Latin America and EMEA, including new markets, particularly given the high profile release schedule Casey has assembled and the Olympic Games in Paris next summer. Our disciplined framework centered on rigorous analysis of subscriber acquisition costs, customer lifetime value and return on investment will firmly guide this process and support continued traction and revenue growth while maintaining our focus on longer term segment profitability targets. On the challenging side, it is becoming increasingly clear now that much like 2023, 2024 will have its share of complexity, particularly as it relates to the possibility of continued sluggish advertising trends. To that point, while streaming advertising remains robust, the state of the overall linear ad market during the second half of this year has been disappointing. And looking ahead, while it is early, the timing of an ad recovery is currently difficult for any of us to predict with any conviction. And finally, as we begin to formulate the initial framework of our TV production business getting back to work into 2024, there is simply a lot we don't know yet. While we have every confidence that this will eventually ride itself throughout the next year and there should be an eventual tailwind from the end of the work stoppage, this is an evolving process and there is a real risk at this point that some negative financial impact of the strike will extend into 2024 to some extent. Here's what these factors mean as we look ahead. We will exit 2023 with great momentum and leverage reduction. We have taken significant financial and operating risk off the table over the last year and we are fully committed to our gross leverage target range of 2.5 to 3 times adjusted EBITDA. That said, taking together the factors just mentioned for an early view on 2024, it is unlikely from today's perspective that we will hit our target leverage range by the end of 2024 without a meaningful recovery of the TV ad market. We remain hopeful. Indeed, we expect to continue to generate very meaningful free cash flow. Key building blocks to consider for 2024 free cash flow remain #1 around $1 billion tailwind of cash cost to achieve largely going away, #2 lower cash interest expense and #3 further progress in AR and AP driven working capital initiatives, offset by the potential headwinds I've noted most importantly, a potential further decline in U.S. advertising and of course, the return to a normal content capital spend, as well as the incremental growth investments I noted earlier. I remain very comfortable with our leverage and our delevering path as underpinned by the strength of our free cash flow conversion. Looking at our maturities over the next five years, the average amount of debt coming due is below $3 billion per year. Our debt stack is long dated and low cost with the nearly 15-year average maturity and a weighted average coupon of a little over 4.6%. With the vast majority of our remaining debt being fixed, we will be largely insulated from rising rates and in fact, we'll have increasing opportunity to retire debt at a significant discount. As I stated at the beginning of my remarks, in a very compressed time frame, we have made very significant progress as an organization in what remains a very complex and disruptive period in the industry. And our transformative efforts have better positioned us to compete, to respond to industry dynamics and to participate with strong operating leverage when the macroeconomic and at market backdrop eventually turned positive. And with the initial phase of integration work largely behind us and the free cash flow engine continuing to fire on all cylinders, we are more focused than ever on driving sustainable and profitable growth that will enhance the financial and competitive profile of the company over the next several years with real upside to shareholder value. Thank you again for your time this morning and now David, JB and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator:
Cahill:
Steven Cahill: Thank you. Good morning. So, David, you've now experimented a bit more with licensing, putting some shows on some major streaming partners from the HBO library. And I think you've successfully had licensing arrangements in the past such as the deal with Sky. So as you think about some of that really strong HBO content going forward, whether it's library, whether it's prior seasons of shows that are returning like True Detective or whether it's some of the franchise shows like Friends, how do you think about what should be on Max and what can be elsewhere, particularly when there's partners that are willing to pay a lot and maybe have bigger reach than Max? And then you talked about the engagement that you've seen on Max from CNN and sports and Bleacher. I'm curious whether you think that content sits on Maxwell and justifies the cost and on the sports side, where do you see kind of sports emerging into streaming over the long-term, is it an add on tier? Is it integrated? Are you interested in partnerships with other DTC sports services like we've heard from up here? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks so much, Steven. Well, look we're probably the largest producer of TV and motion picture content and we have one of the largest TV and motion picture libraries in the world. The good news is that on Max we're getting to see what people use and we get to see where they go first, how much time they spend with it. And so we are in the business of monetizing content through Windows. There's a lot of content that we see is just for us. This is content that people come to Max for and it's important and it's important that we distinguish the Max brand as being the highest quality brand in in this space. And really taking Casey's content out, whether it's White Lotus, The Last of Us, all the great hits that HBO is having, one of the great runs that are on Max and taking advantage of that. Having said that, there's a lot of content that's not being consumed heavily on Max, and so those are the easy ones. Everything that we license is always not exclusive. We keep a full, the full rights to all that content and we have it on Max and in some cases we also have it on AVOD. So we really get the Monday Morning Quarterback and take a look. In terms of some of the content that you've seen like DC we put those in Windows, so someone might have it for three months or six months. We always have those movies and we have the complete set of all those movies. And candidly we have found, one we won't do it unless the economics are significant, but in many cases it really helps us. People come back and then they want to see the full bouquet of DC movies and the only place to do that is with us or it enhances the quality of the DC library. So overall I think we're trying to figure out exactly how to maximize the value and we debated all the time, I think we're doing a very good job, but as I mentioned there'll be a lot that you'll never see because it just belongs to us. On the News and Sports, look, we're only six weeks in, but it is quite encouraging that we've looked at what happens to the people that spend time watching news and sports and churn is down and engagement is up. In some cases engagement is up meaningfully. The people that are watching in many cases, in the overwhelming majority of cases are people that don't have pay TV. So we're reaching a whole new audience and the audiences are younger. With CNN Max, we launched effectively a whole new service and we really geared it toward a younger group of people that are more S5 [ph] digital viewers and that's what Mark Thompson and the team will continue to work to do. But I think it's a real advantage to have the great quality content, albeit for the last couple of months we haven't had our best content. We pushed off True Detective because we couldn't have Jodie Foster to promote it and so you'll see a very strong line up next year. We're very unique in that we'll have news, sports and entertainment and library content and we're so confident that we really want to get behind it in a bigger way. And the fact that we're now, in this quarter we made $111 million, we said it's not about how many subscribers, it's about how much money. And we're starting to really see that we can generate more economics, but we think we can grow the service in a meaningful way. Finally, I think that the Sky issue was really different. There were some markets. In that market all the rights were sold to Sky until the end of 2025. There are some markets that we will not go into. In India, we were not making money for a lot of years. We weren't making money at Discovery. Warner wasn't making much money in terms of the Warner product and so we structured a deal with Reliance, with James Murdoch and that team. That was a great deal for us and a great deal for them. They get to package all of our content with cricket and some more local content and it will come back to us, it will be branded. So in a few years, we'll look back and say should we get into India now? But in the meantime, instead of it being a business that we're losing money in, we're only making a little, we're making a lot of money and our brand is being built in India. That will be the case in a few markets, but we really have ambition now to take Max around the world. We think that -- and that's one of the things we want to invest in. Max and the gaming business as two businesses we think we could really see growth in. Finally, our sports business is meaningful. And for the last several years we've seen the advantage of sports on subscription, but we don't own all of sport. So the idea of being able to put it on our platform is great, but we're also going to be looking and are looking I've been saying bundling is important. I think bundling in terms of the entertainment package is important. The ability for us to get together with others domestically or around the world, I think is a better package for consumers where we could likely reduce churn and get better economics. I think that's the way the industry is going to go, and I think that's probably the way it's going to go on sports as well, which is good for all of us.
Steven Cahill: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I mean, it's clear you've done an amazing job restructuring the company and improving the balance sheet. But as you can see, even from today's numbers, the persistent headwinds from linear, which is your biggest business. It's just such a challenge. So as you think through the next few years and you've kind of outlined some of the growth areas like games and sports and news, and maybe some of the traditional areas like film and driving DTC with critical IP. I'm just wondering, how are you thinking? Is that enough to offset these linear challenges? And in your conversations with advertisers, which is a big revenue driver, is it coming back to traditional or is it just permanently moving to digital and AVOD and retail? And I guess the last part of that is, you have an amazing library and it is underutilized. So can you help us think through does it show up in film? Does it show up on TV, DTC, et cetera? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Yeah, Jessica, let me maybe take this one. So again, you heard the comments we made on the advertising market, and the reality is so far we're unfortunately not seeing the improvement in Q4 that I think many had hoped to see earlier in the year. And that's why, while it's early to be talking about 2024 and beyond, we felt it was prudent to be transparent about what we're seeing in the market. To your point, we don't see when this is going to turn, but what we have done over the past 18 months is, we put this company into fighting shape. And I have no doubt the market is going to come back at some point and when it does, I think we will be able to participate with very significant operating leverage given what we have put in through this transformation here over the past 18 months.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: We're not giving up. We really believe in linear. And in fact, there was a lot of noise around the Charter deal with Disney. But to Bob's credit, that deal was structured in a way that's really favorable for both parties and favorable for the ecosystem. The idea that all of the cable subscribers are now paying a fee for Disney Plus is a positive, as they have said, the churn on that will be very low and the reach will go up and they'll be able to sell advertising of course, an environment where there is now that is likely to help linear in creating a bridge. And you can imagine a world as we're redoing our deals or even advance of redoing our deals to get Disney Plus and Max as an additional benefit to the cable subscribers and to be getting paid on each one of those and having – being able to sell advertising against each of those and having lower churn on each of those. And so I think it was a very innovative deal by Charter and Disney and although it started out noisy and scary, I think it created potentially a very interesting bridge to more scale, lower churn and more stability to linear. We'll have to see. It certainly is a positive. And so maybe to comment on a couple of the growth opportunities that you mentioned, Jessica, I do think there is tremendous opportunity and I do think we will be able to get behind that. That's why David talked about shifting the investment focus a little bit. But starting with the games business, we've spent a lot of time over the past year going into a lot of granular detail across all of the areas of our capital allocation. And the games business has shown tremendous success, not only from a P&L perspective, really, as David said, contributing hundreds of millions of dollars to our consolidated profits, but also from a return on investment perspective. I've double and triple checked some of the metrics here because it's such a great investment opportunity. I'm stunned that we haven't been investing more into this opportunity under JB's and David Haddad's leadership here, and I think we have to do more. There's a lot more opportunity there and we're going to start tackling that. On the D2C side, again just take a step back here. Over just a year and a half, we're now looking for this year at a breakeven positive business after $2 billion of losses last year. We've right sized the structure. We've got a state of the art platform. As David said, we're coming off of a quarter with virtually no fresh content on the platform. We want to get behind that. When we come back, when Casey's content comes back to the platform, we want to get behind it. We know that we can get tremendous returns on our marketing spend behind new content and we will take advantage of that. And I do think we have a real opportunity here. On the film side and the TV production side, as I said, it's still a little fluid. Unfortunately, we still don't have a resolution for the strike yet. But clearly that business should be coming back to growth after being a very significant drag in the second half of this year. So a lot that we want to get behind and a lot that I think is going to contribute to growth for the company. And also on the linear side itself, we're not on the sidelines. I mean, we're not just standing by and watching. There's a lot that the team is working on, Bruce Campbell and John Steinhoff have restructured the sales team. We've got more opportunities in dynamic ad insertion. We've got more opportunities in utilizing our data. With every additional AdLite subscriber, we're going to get additional reach, additional scale, which helps on the pricing side. So there's a lot going on. Again, I decided to be as open about the ad market this morning, as I was because we feel we have to be transparent here. But there's a lot we're doing. And as I said, we're hopeful.
David Zaslav: The other side of growth is stability and sustainability. What we've done in the last 19 months, this is turn this into a real company with real professional management and real free cash flow. This is a generational disruption we're going through. Going through that with a streaming service that's losing billions of dollars is really, really difficult to go on offense, it's difficult to maneuver. And with interest rates the way they are, the challenges in the marketplace, advertising, this is when you're going to see which are the real companies. This is a company that's generating over $5 billion in free cash flow. We've paid down $12 billion in debt. What that gives us is stability and sustainability. And ultimately, in a difficult environment, it's going to give us optionality, because we're surrounded by a lot of companies that don't have the geographic diversity that we have, aren't generating real free cash flow, have debt that is presenting issues. We're delevering at a time when our peers are levering up, at a time when our peers are unstable and there is a lot of excess competitive, excess players in the market. So this will give us a chance not only to fight to grow in the next year, but to have the kind of balance sheet and the kind of stability of a real company, diverse, gaming, TV, motion picture, HBO, linear, that we could be really opportunistic over the next twelve to 24 months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Fishman from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Robert Fishman: Hi, good morning. I have one for David and one for JB or Gunnar. David, given the increased investment that you guys are talking about, how should we think about expectations for content spending, but where you'll shake out this year and then just early thoughts on if that goes up or down next year after factoring in the video game spending and all the other factors there? Then for JB and Gunnar, given the accelerated profitability in DTC that we've seen so far, how should we think about your prior guidance about 2024 and 2025 profitability? And are you more confident in reaching the longer term margins of 20% plus? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Maybe I can start here. So clearly, again from a year-over-year perspective, we're going to see increases in content cash spend next year just because we haven't been able to deploy at full speed here over the second half of 2023. But again, if we look at the change in our overall posture for content allocation, there has been a bit of a strike impact, no doubt. But we have also, as you know, significantly right sized our spend across the various genres on the basis of a thorough analysis of return on investment. And some of that was expressed in some of the content write offs that we did early when we combined the two companies. But that's also led to a reset in our overall capital allocation. And when we say we're going to invest, that doesn't mean that all of that has to come on top. There is an opportunity to reallocate within our very significant and broad content portfolio here. But net-net, as I said a couple of minutes ago, there will be a headwind to free cash flow from reaccelerating content spend next year. And before I pass it on to JB, we stand by our profitability targets long term for D2C. We do believe that this can be a very profitable line of business as a part of an integrated media portfolio. If anything, I have to say, we're doing better than we thought and we're moving faster than we thought, which is expressed. If you just compare what we're doing this year relative to what we guided a year ago, a year and a half ago, we're well ahead of that curve, which puts us in a position to focus on growth a little more as we go into next year. JB?
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes, and I think just to add to it, when we look at the next two years, the things, the levers that we rely on to get us to that financial profile that we outlined a year ago, over a year ago, really is anchored in strength of content, which David talked a little bit about with a much more impressive 2024 and I'd say an even stronger 2025, price you've seen us obviously move on price. We've had very good results in both minimized churn and great incremental revenue growth related to our price increases around the world, advertising strength through the release of more of the AdLite product here in the U.S., as well as more markets coming around the world. New market launches, churn reduction, which David mentioned a little bit about earlier. But we are seeing finally some great progress, particularly with the introduction of live here in the U.S. on both cancel rates and auto renew off coming down, which are great indicators. And so we are ultimately we feel very confident that we're at an exciting moment over the next 12 months to 24 months, particularly as we look at the global rollout starting in the first quarter next year of Max to take this to a whole another level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield from LightShed. Your line is open.
Rich Greenfield: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. I think if I look at your D2C segment, you've taken a pretty incredible amount of cost out of the business. I wanted to shift and focus a little bit on the network segment. If I just look at the Q3 numbers, I think the cost structure is down to about $2.5 billion between cost of revenue and SG&A. How much room going forward do you have to reduce that? Obviously, Gunnar, you were very open and honest about the state of the ad market and core cutting, et cetera, and just wondering how to think about how much that $2.5 billion sort of quarterly cost base can come down and what are the big levers you can pull and then just. Gunnar, maybe if you could just from a housekeeping standpoint, I think everyone's just trying to do the math on sort of what you're implying for next year. EBITDA, anything you can do. I mean, it seems like you're pointing it sort know roughly down. But I'm just curious if there's sort of any sort of range you want to point the street to when you're thinking about leverage being higher than your target would be super helpful to just understand the thought process. Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, Rich, let me maybe start right there, because I did not intend to guide down EBITDA for next year relative to where we are today. The only reason I brought this up is we had guidance out there of hitting our leverage target range by the end of next year. And again, based on the early indications that we're seeing from how the market is developing right now, I'm just not confident to stand here today and say, don't worry about it. We're definitely going to hit that range. Now, if you have a view on ad market recovery, and if you think there is an ad market recovery in 2024, we're going to have a great year. I'm just not in a position right now to provide firm guidance to that. I've laid out some of the building blocks again, a much more profitable streaming business, which we're going to try to fuel growth. But again, let me be clear, that doesn't mean that I'm expecting to start losing money again. We're just shifting marginally to prioritize growth over sort of the maximization of immediate profit growth. Linear business, the network business, it is what it is. And I'll talk about the cost side in a second. And then on the studio side, we should be seeing a recovery as the strike hopefully comes to an end. But it's too early to be any more specific here. To your point on the linear cost base, first of all, I do want to just call out how, what a great job Gerhardt, Kathleen and others, including at CNN, people have done in right sizing the business as we brought these two companies together. And I think we're looking at a very competitive cost structure, which is one of the reasons why I'm so confident that when the market comes back, we're going to be participating with a pretty high flow through to profits. But as I said earlier, we're not going to be standing on the sideline here and just watching. There's a lot more that's in the pipeline. Some of our transformation initiatives, especially on the technology side, just have longer lead times. And we're still evolving when it comes to, let's call it, the operational backbone of how we operate our content workflows throughout the company, by the way, not only impacting the network segment, but the company as a whole as well, so there is definitely more opportunity there. And then one other point that I've made before is, again, we decided to go with this three segment reporting structure because that's how David looks at the company and how I think from an investor perspective, you get the full transparency into the different business models and their financial profiles. But one thing that's going to be increasingly relevant is managing our content investments and our content utilization across one Warner Bros. Discovery. And that's one area where so far it's been a bit of a one way street of the studios and networks creating content that ends up on the streaming platform. Longer term, as that platform grows and drives more revenue and profit contributions, there may also be a flow in the other direction which inevitably will drive profitability of a linear business beyond what we have today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Benjamin Swinburne: Good morning. A couple of housekeeping. Gunnar, I was wondering if you are able to quantify the benefit to cash flow from the strike this year. I know it's still a moving target. And then also whether there's a way to quantify the sort of incremental synergy capture you expect next year versus this year. You had some numbers in your prepared remarks. And then maybe a more interesting question for David. David, the strategy around expanding Max with news and sports seems quite logical and compelling. You're adding reach, maximizing distribution, ultimately revenue. And it seems like you think the charter Disney read is a positive one, which I just wanted to hear more about because I could also see the other side of the argument, which is taking your core linear IP and CNN, the NBA baseball, et cetera, and putting it on Max could actually cause some consternation on the distribution side of your business. So maybe you could spend a minute just talking about how you see that glide path working with your Max strategy. Thanks a lot.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Ed. Well, first CNN Max, not CNN. There are some hours that are simulcast, but it's largely independently produced for a younger and different audience. And we saw this in Eastern Europe, that it provided real value, reduced churn and provided real value. And the people that spend time watching live content, as JB has said, and we've seen it here already and it's only six weeks in, you spend time watching news and sports that the engagement is higher and the churn is lower. That's a big deal. Churn is the biggest issue that we face. This is a very compelling service. The churn is too high. So this is an all on attack to reduce churn. Reducing churn also will reduce marketing because we're out going out and marketing over and over again to subscribers that are coming in and out. So the idea that a big majority, the overwhelming majority of people that are watching Max don't have pay TV, and they're now able to come in and see what's going on in Israel, what's going on the floor, on the Hill, it feels like it could be compelling. And the same thing with sports. We saw real big numbers. So overall, we think this buffet, entertainment, nonfiction, as we've said all along, the better the engagement, the more people in the family are watching, the better we'll be. And we still haven't really been able to crack the kids. We have a huge amount of kids content. When they haven't been able to crack that, we're going to attack that as well. So we think that strategy is really differentiates us and we're going to have to really promote it. We haven't been. JB, you're at ground level here.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, I was going to add, the only other thing, Ben, is you have to remember HBO and HBO Max and Max now have really been doing the opposite of what the industry has sort of been complaining about, which is for HBO subscribers, we've been giving more value to the bundle, not less. They used to get a number of HBO original series and movies. They now, in 2023, get all of that, plus a whole host of library content from Warner Bros. That they never receive Max originals that they never receive. And so our position in the market for years has been providing more value to the cable ecosystem for those subscribers, not less. And the charter deal really creates this very creative path of, instead of having two completely separate ecosystems, the idea that you could have a distributor that's paying us a per sub fee for discovery+ and a per sub fee for Max. And both of those being ad Lite is an incremental advantage. It's an advantage to charter. And they and Bob came up with this creative road forward. But I think, and we think that it stabilizes the ecosystem, but it also is helpful in building more scale. JB, you and I were modeling it out the other day.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. And I think David's point on scale is exactly right, which is we know this business has always needed reach, and we're looking, as we said in David, I think in Gunnar’s prepared remarks, the encouraging thing that we've seen already in the last month with both sports and news on Max has proven out further, is these customer segments are increasingly complementary versus cannibalistic. And so the age demographic we're seeing the much younger demo on Max and the non-pay TV, the vast majority of the viewers being non-pay TV subscribers, leads us to believe that these two can coexist and should coexist if we want to be in a reach maximizing strategy, which we do. And so we like the profile of it, and we think we can continue to find constructive ways to work with our traditional affiliates to make it work.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And we got the cash to invest in promoting it, to invest in taking it around the world, and to invest in whatever else we think we need to grow. I mean, the key element here of this company now, this company is a free cash flow driven company. Over $5 billion in free cash flow, $12 billion paid back so far in 19 months. We said we were going to be less than four times levered. We will be less than four times levered comfortably. So it's all about, I believe, not only the quality of the content, but what's the stability of the company. It's all about free cash flow, who has it and who doesn't.
David Zaslav: And then, Ben, to just comment on your first two questions, so starting with synergies, again it's going to get incrementally more difficult to differentiate between what's a synergy, what's transformation, what's just normal cost work. But to recap what I said earlier, I expect $4 billion total synergy to have flown through until the end of this year. We will have implemented initiatives that will generate $5 billion of run rate initiatives, and we're still going, we're still adding to the program. And I think that's the most important point. While we might not be reporting on this in detail anymore, while we might not call it Synergy, we have had a continuous improvement team at work for the past five years. We never stopped after integrating scripts and discovery because the environment around us keeps changing, and we're making sure that we change faster than the environment around us. We've got a very capable team that's got five years of experience. We will keep grinding through every cost opportunity in the company, and we'll keep delivering. And then, to answer your strike question again, this is everything but a precise science, right? But my current estimate for the full year is there's probably going to be a few $100 million of a negative impact on EBITDA. The TV production business and licensing business is a major part of our studio operation and has been essentially idle for the best part of this year. And on the positive side, at least from a short-term cash perspective, I expect several $100 millions of dollars of positive cash flow flowing through from the fact that we're unable to deploy capital. Again, that's a short term point, and those are my best estimates right now.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brett Feldman: Great. Thanks for taking the questions, two. If you don't mind, David, you obviously see the value in being able to get your streaming product into a deal similar to the one that Disney got with charter. Of course, the trade-off there was that Disney had to agree to drop some channels. So I'm curious if you're willing to make a similar trade off in order to get that type of distribution and churn improvement for Max. I'm also curious whether that might lead to some cost savings if you were able to arrange something like that. And then Gunnar, you talked about having an average of about $3 billion in debt maturities over the next couple of years. That's obviously well below the current free cash flow run rate. So I'm curious, from a modeling standpoint, should we be assuming that you'll not only use your free cash flow to pay down debt maturities, but even go into the open market and repurchase debt at discounts? In other words, is there any particular reason you would need to sit on cash? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Sure. Let me start by saying we've gotten through, including recently, all of our deals with all of our channels being carried. We really do have a different model. We have Affinity networks, HGTV, Food, TLC, Discovery, Animal Planet and we're investing in TBS, TNT, we're investing in all those channels. We still believe in linear. And with sports and news, we're anywhere between 25% and 45% of the viewership on cable. So when you think of what is basic cable, it's us. And when people think about what they love, the three, four, five channels that they love, it's us. And we're not that expensive. We're not proud of it. But one of the reasons we've been able to continue to get increases is because we provide real value. And we're one of the few media companies that's still investing significantly in original content and we're nourishing our audiences. And if you look at our ratings in the last couple of months, Kathleen's doing a terrific job. The ratings on our networks are going up. And so we feel really good about our deals. We feel good about partnering with the operators in building and continue to hold on as much as we can to the linear marketplace. And we can make some tradeoffs. There's a few of our channels that are lighter. We can make some tradeoffs, but I think it'll be additive. And I think it'll be a real advantage to us to have somebody else in the marketplace that wants to retail and guarantee a payment of a significant number of subs to us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then, Bret, to your question on the debt side, look, two things. Number one, there's going to be a lot of cash flowing through here. And to answer your question directly, no, there is no need to sit on excessive amounts of cash. And as we said multiple times, we're focused on reducing our debt to that target range as quickly as possible. And number two is our capital structure is a real asset. Again, I went through earlier the average maturity, the average interest rates and the trading levels of the debt. And I feel very good about our ability to further chip away at that overall debt quantum and potentially at the very attractive terms as, more and more cash becomes available here.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Additionally, please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may now begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning and welcome to Warner Bros. Discovery's Q2 earnings call. With me today is David Zaslav, President and CEO; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our CFO; and JB Perrette, CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that today's conference call will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private is Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include comments regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. A copy of our Q2 earnings release, trending schedule and accompanying slide deck will be available on our website at ir.wbd.com. And with that, I am pleased to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Hello, everyone and thank you for joining us. When we merged the 2 legacy companies and formed Warner Bros. Discovery 16 months ago, we did so with the ambition to be the greatest media and entertainment company in the world. And we continue to carry out our attack plan in all areas of the business. When you look back at what we said we would do, we're doing it. We said we were going to reimagine the company for the future and focus on free cash flow and delevering the balance sheet and we are. This quarter alone, we generated over $1.7 billion in free cash flow and we're anticipating about the same in Q3. This is the result of the hard work of our teams, who have been bold, decisive and disciplined. We've restructured our businesses for the future to position them to drive both profitability and long-term growth. And the results have been significant. And as a further sign of our confidence in our free cash flow capability, this morning we announced a tender for up to $2.7 billion of our short-dated debt. We paid down $1.6 billion in debt in Q2, bringing our total debt retirement, before today's tender, to $9 billion since the merger. And as we've said, we expect to be comfortably below 4x levered by the end of the year, firmly within the investment-grade rating by midpoint next year and at our target of 2.5 to 3x gross leverage by the close of 2024. With our free cash flow and leverage targets in sight, we are better positioned to lean into top line growth opportunities across the company and that's increasingly been our focus, starting with direct consumer. We said we were going to build a strong, sustainable direct-to-consumer strategy focused on profitable growth as opposed to chasing subs at any cost. And we are. In fact, we continue to track way ahead of our own financial projections. And as we told you last quarter, we expect our U.S. direct-to-consumer business to be profitable for the year 2023, this year, a year ahead of our prior guidance. In fact, our global direct-to-consumer business was roughly breakeven in Q2 and modestly EBITDA positive for the first half of this year. And our U.S. direct-to-consumer business is generating healthy EBITDA which is helping to offset international losses, even with the product development costs and sizable marketing campaign associated with the launch of Max. The migration to Max has gone exceedingly well with the overwhelming majority of subscribers in the U.S. successfully transferred. While we have seen some expected subscriber disruption, we have experienced lower-than-expected churn throughout this process. And by all measures, the third-party metrics, the consumer experience is top notch. The most important metric at this stage, only 2 months into our launch, is the amount of time people are spending watching our content. And we're seeing early and encouraging signs of stronger engagement. And they're not only watching for longer, also exploring new genres, adventure and discovery, true crime, home improvement and other nonfiction content. The mix of blockbuster originals from HBO, together with the nourishment and great personalities found on discovery+ content, makes for a very compelling content proposition. Truly something for everyone. We're preparing to launch Max in markets around the globe over the next year plus. There is significant opportunity internationally in markets we have yet to attack. And importantly, the platform now has full capability to deliver live programming. We'll have more to say about that soon. While Max will be a cornerstone of our company's growth, we also see great potential across a number of our other businesses. One is gaming. We're the only company among our peers scaled in gaming. Next up is Mortal Combat 1, the highly anticipated new title in the acclaimed 30-year franchise set for release next month. This comes on the heels of the success of Hogwarts Legacy which is still the biggest game of 2023. And there's more planned, including the one of Hogwarts Legacy on the Nintendo Switch in November, just in time for the holidays. More broadly, we are positioning our gaming business to be a much more strategic piece of our IP and consumer engagement puzzle and we're investing accordingly. At Warner Bros. Discovery, we're one of the largest makers and sellers of content in the world. And it's quality content people want to watch. We had an industry-leading 181 Emmy nominations, including 127 for HBO and Max, the most of any network for platform. As a critical supplier of some of the most highly resonant television series, we are adding incremental asset value to our world-class portfolio. And as we window that content around the globe, we expect to continue to see a tailwind of growth in our production business. Likewise, we have real ambition for the future of our motion picture business in the wake of the creative tour de force and global cultural phenomenon that is Barbie. While the studio's performance has been challenged in recent years and they've clearly under-earned their potential, we are taking meaningful steps with respect to the creative direction of both Warner Bros. Pictures Group and DC. And a key facet of this strategy will be to lean into some of our great underutilized storytelling IP. It's been 10 years since we made a stand-alone Superman movie and 9 years since the last Lord of the Rings, for example. For many years, the secret to Warner Bros. profitability was tenpole films. They'd make 2 to 3 of them together with a slate of new original content and that was the winning formula. We too believe in the power of tentpoles, featuring great IP recognized by people everywhere in the world. our core strength and we intend to get back to doing what we know works. While we've still got lots to do, we're very optimistic about the growth potential of this business. The culmination of what we're winning at both our film and television studios is further bolstering what is already among the industry's biggest film and TV libraries. And this asset offers a wealth opportunity in terms of feeding our own platforms as well as others. It's a mainstay of our business to create great content and window it through, creating value in each window. And as you would expect, a lot of analysis and strategic discussion goes into these decisions. In some cases, we'll want to keep premium content exclusively on our platform for a very long time. In other cases, we may sell it to third parties and we don't lose anything by growing the pie. The fact is licensing some library content to other SVOD platforms, like Netflix or Amazon, as part of a co-exclusive agreement is just smart business. We're expanding our audience while maximizing the value of the asset and providing more revenue streams. And that is our job, To optimize the windowing to get the best possible return on investment. We're also a global leader in sports, including great sports rights from many of the top leagues in the U.S. that, in many cases, run through 2028 and beyond. We have the best digital and social sports platform for younger fans in Bleacher Report and we have significant digital rights in the U.S. that we're not currently deploying but plan to in the future and that has a real chance to create meaningful strategic value. We've had some good success in Europe and Latin America with layering sports into streaming with various business models. And this experience is informing our view on how to best deploy these sports rights here in the U.S. Our recent venture with BT in the U.K. is a great example, having merged BT Sport with Eurosport U.K. What is now called TNT Sports is available on both linear and streaming and bundled with discovery+, our current streaming entertainment product in that market. We believe there's significant opportunity in the streaming space for sports and we look forward to leaning into this incremental growth avenue. Underpinning all of the work we are doing is our strong commitment to operating Warner Bros. Discovery as one company. Consider Barbie, early this year we created an attack plan for the summer of Barbie in anticipation of the launch of the movie which broke records and is now approaching $1 billion in global box office. Over the last 6 months, every area of the company has played a part in promoting this great film. From the 4-part series, Barbie Dreamhouse Challenge on HGTV which premiered in the U.S. to 4 million viewers and was then broadcast across 146 countries to Food Networks' Barbie-themed Summer Baking Championship, to Turner Sports' sneak peek of the film during the NBA Eastern Conference finals, it has truly been a one-company effort. This is one of the big differentiators and super strengths of Warner Bros. Discovery, where a property or a title can benefit from eventizing it across our global platforms. We're able to put the full weight and power of all of our diverse media assets, domestically and globally, behind it to drive awareness and excitement. And the result is truly unmatched. Of course, in light of the cyclical and secular headwinds facing the industry, we are working through some challenges. With respect to linear, the fact is we have a uniquely different hand; one that we believe makes us more resilient. On any given night, we reach an average of 1/3 of all cable viewers. And it's a great platform for driving our brands and products as we saw with promotions from Max, Barbie and Shark Week. Our ability to make unscripted content quickly inexpensively and tailored to viewers' preferences is also a key differentiator. And we believe this optionality provides us with greater longevity and sustainability. At the same time, we've worked really hard on driving efficiency and productivity, enhancing our margins recognizing that we need to do that because the overall business is facing secular decline. That said, it's still generating real meaningful free cash flow that we are able to use to fund growth. While the linear business is being further challenged by the soft ad sales market, we do see cause for optimism. We've nearly completed the U.S. upfront and our volume is up and our price levels are consistent with prior year, a very good result in a tough market. One more thing before turning it over to Gunnar. At Warner Bros. Discovery, we're in the business of storytelling. Our goal is to tell great stories, stories with the power to entertain and when, we're at our best, inspire, with stories that come to life on screens big and small. And we cannot do any of that without the entirety of the creative community, the great creative community. Without the writers, directors, editors, producers, actors, the whole line crew, our job is to enable and empower them to do their best work. We're hopeful that all sides will get back to the negotiating room soon and that these strikes get resolved in a way that the writers and actors feel they are fairly compensated and their efforts and contributions are fully valued. With that, I'll turn it over to Gunnar and he'll take you through the specifics of the quarter. Gunnar?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David and good morning, everyone. We have been hard at work at WBD and much of our focus over the past 15 months has been on driving thoughtful efficiencies, merger-related and otherwise and on implementing a cash flow mindset across the whole company. Our second quarter results demonstrate the fruits of that labor. Our disciplined transformation efforts have not only been a key factor in our ability to drive financial outcomes but they have also made us ever more confident in the strategic vision we presented early on following our merger. Simply put, we have begun to conduct our business fundamentally differently. And some of what we identified very early on as a near and long-term potential, we are beginning to realize. These are durable performance improvements borne out of true change and we see a lot more opportunity. To that end, adjusted EBITDA grew 23% in Q2, marking the second consecutive quarter of meaningful year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth. Year-to-date, adjusted EBITDA is now up more than $600 million despite a persistently challenging macroeconomic backdrop. We have accelerated the delivery of our transformation initiatives, where appropriate and have already delivered more than $2 billion in incremental cost synergies thus far this year. This has allowed us to offset the impact of the market challenges and grow profits, while at the same time, funding many foundational investment opportunities. Our transformation team is still very much focused on generating new initiatives and, based on the successful implementation I am seeing and the size of the funnel, I am confident that we'll achieve $4 billion in total synergies much sooner than previously thought and now see a clear path to achieving $5 billion or more through 2024 and beyond. Our second quarter free cash flow of over $1.7 billion is strong proof of these efforts. Clearly, it was a healthy number and nicely ahead of our expectations. I am incredibly proud of this result, not only because it allows us to continue to quickly delever but perhaps, more importantly, I'm excited because this outperformance is coming through across a number of components of our cash flow statement and I view this as true cash focus becoming evident across the company. Key factors of the outperformance were, number one, slightly better-than-expected adjusted EBITDA. Number two, improvements across virtually all elements of our working capital and other below-the-line items, part of a very long runway of opportunity that we are beginning to chip away at. Number three, the closing of the gap between cash spend and amortization, partly due to shifts in the timing of production and partly as a result of implementing our new content strategy initiated last year. Number four, modest cash savings from the impact of the WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes which we estimate were in the low $100 million range during the quarter. We also absorbed $200 million of cash restructuring and integration-related expense during the quarter, in line with our expectations. We repaid over $1.6 billion of debt, $1.1 billion of the term loan and over $500 million of notes. As you saw, we launched a tender offer this morning for up to $2.7 billion of notes that are maturing through the first half of 2024. Our net leverage came down significantly this quarter and is now at 4.6x. Consistent with our capital allocation policy, we remain focused on debt pay down and have a clear path to net leverage nicely below 4x at the end of the year and reiterate our expectation to achieve target leverage of 2.5x growth by the end of 2024. Turning now briefly to the segments which I will discuss as always on a constant currency basis. Starting with D2C. I'm very encouraged with the results that effectively breakeven EBITDA and quite a bit better than we expected, notwithstanding the significant investments in the development and marketing of our new Max platform in the U.S. Q2 nicely demonstrates the underlying traction and efficiency from the integration of legacy D2C operations and organization. I do want to call out, while we saw growth across all 3 revenue streams, content was the standout, helped by the timing of license deals. And while selling content to third parties has been and will be a core element of our company-wide operating model, we would expect some smoothing out of content licensing in the second half of the year. We saw a sequential net subscriber loss of $1.8 million in Q2. As expected, trends were impacted by overlapping subscriber bases between Max and discovery+, expected churn from the end of some key tentpole series, such as The Last of Us and Succession; and wholesale declines, including the unwinding of some very low ARPU international wholesale distribution deals that were struck under the prior strategy that prioritized subscribers over ARPU, profitability and value. And with respect to the overlapping subscriber base, we did see several hundred thousand subs churn off during the quarter, meaningfully less than we had anticipated. And while we do expect to see some more elevated churn on discovery+, we also see engagement patterns consistent with what we saw prior to Max launch, making us optimistic that our strategy to keep offering these 2 products was the right one for customers and for our business. Our streaming team really did an outstanding job with this transition. We continue to see traction on the streaming advertising opportunity, supported by gains in ad-light subscribers, early initiatives on HBO and Max Originals and increased engagement. While the overall advertising market remains soft, we see the streaming and advertising opportunity well positioned to benefit from secular tailwinds over the long term. This is particularly true against the backdrop of the enormous value of some of our iconic shows for advertisers who, in the past, have no access to this inventory. We remain focused on further scaling this segment of our offering and the relaunch of Max will certainly be a driver, both here in the U.S. and later abroad. I am proud of the meaningful strides we made in the first half of the year and see D2C as an important contributor to total company profit growth year-over-year in the second half. Turning to studios. The studios' performance has clearly been inconsistent. Our box office results in Q2 underperformed our expectations which weighed on financial results. And it's ironic to have to say that given how incredibly successful Barbie has been impacting Q3, of course, not Q2. Unpacking this a bit, overall content revenues declined 25% due to, number one, the slate, as I mentioned. As well as the timing of production of certain TV series and fewer CW Series orders following the Nexstar transaction. Number two, lower internal sales to networks and D2C, in part resulting from the more disciplined content investment and programming approach we've implemented, such as exiting direct to Max movies or certain scripted series on linear, for which we felt ratings did not justify the investments. Please note, these lower revenues are offset in lower eliminations on the group level but impacted segment level revenue. And number three, finally, in gaming, The LEGO Star Wars game was released in the second quarter last year which created a tough comp for this year. Looking ahead, we're naturally delighted with the performance of Barbie thus far which is now approaching $1 billion in global box office and we're excited about its prospects through its remaining monetization window. For the remainder of our feature films this year as well as Warner Bros. television inductions, release dates and performance expectations are naturally fluid given the ongoing strikes and we will evaluate our options and update the market accordingly. But it is possible we will see greater variability against our forecast. Turning to networks. Advertising decreased 13%. As we called out last quarter, we faced tough comparisons as we did not have the NCAA Final 4 and championship games this year. And although we did have the Stanley Cup finals for the first time, the net impact of these 2 sporting events was an approximate 200 basis point headwind. Adjusting for this, we did see underlying sequential improvement. I would characterize the broader tone of the marketplace thus far in Q3 as similar to that in Q2, certainly here in the U.S., while international markets are broadly a touch stronger. That said, as David mentioned earlier, we are making strong progress on our upfront deals. Key callouts from my perspective are, number one, linear volume expected to be up, with pricing on balance pretty consistent with the prior year. Number two, D2C volume is up more than 50% in the marketplace in which CPMs were positioned to drive scale, for us as much as for the broader market. While visibility overall remains limited and the scatter market inconsistent, we expect continued modest sequential improvement through the end of the year and forecast global networks advertising revenues will decrease in the high single-digit range during the second half of the year, with Q4 sequentially better than Q3 which is overall meaningfully worse than our forecast from earlier in the year. Distribution revenues decreased 1% with a modest improvement versus last quarter as we continue to be pleased with the pricing and tiering of our networks and renewals, represented by their importance to both traditional and virtual bundles. Before wrapping up the segment discussion, I'd like to offer an update on the AT&T Sports Nets. I am very pleased to say that we have been working diligently with the respective leagues and teams to formulate a plan to exit the RSN business in a manner that minimizes the disruption to teams and their fans. We expect each of the networks will be sold or operation seized by the end of the year. While we've positioned these to operate at adjusted EBITDA breakeven, this business generated nearly $400 million of revenues in 2022 and skewed heavily towards distribution revenues. As these networks are sold or wound down over the next few months, we expect a modest impact to Q3 distribution and advertising revenues, with a more meaningful impact in Q4 and into 2024. Turning to guidance and our outlook for the year. Let me start with our most important financial metric, free cash flow. For Q3, I expect us to again generate free cash flow in the $1.7 billion ballpark, reflecting similar underlying trends as in Q2, with sequentially larger savings from the strikes as well as the success of Barbie, notwithstanding the roughly $900 million of semiannual interest payments. And based on this outlook, the health of the underlying free cash flow drivers and further opportunities in the pipeline, I see full year free cash flow in the range of $4.5 billion to $5 billion. This also assumes cash restructuring and integration-related costs for this year of roughly $1.2 billion which is a couple of hundred million more than our prior expectations. For adjusted EBITDA, I am now assuming we'll settle towards the low end of our target range of $11 billion to $11.5 billion. The key drivers for the final outcome will be centered around ad sales, D2C profit growth and contributions from the Studio segment. Let me provide some puts and takes. First, the timing and magnitude of a potential ad market recovery continued to be the most important driver of upside and downside to our results. Second, the D2C segment has been a driver of our year-over-year EBITDA improvement and we expect that to continue, helped by efficiency gains and top line benefits. We see segment EBITDA losses of no more than a couple of hundred million dollars for the full year 2023. Third, uncertainty in the studio segment has increased with the dual strikes. This may have implications for the timing and performance of the remainder of the film slate as well as our ability to produce and deliver content. And while we are hoping for a fast resolution, our modeling assumes a return to work date in early September. Through the strikes run through the end of the year, I would expect several hundred million dollars of incremental upside to our free cash flow guidance and some incremental downside for adjusted EBITDA. When I take a step back, notwithstanding the factors influencing the broader landscape, I am more and more convinced that the dedicated work of the leadership team and efforts throughout the company, marked by a meaningful shift in mindset about how to manage this company, is starting to pay dividends. I believe our financial results this quarter speak volumes about this change. I am very confident in the trajectory of our delevering and debt pay down, the benefits of which will increasingly allow us to turn our dedication and focus to support further growth initiatives to ensure long-term, sustainable and profitable growth ahead. With that, I'd like to turn the call back to the operator and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI.
Kutgun Maral: This is Kulgan Maral on for Vijay. One on M&A and one on the synergies. First, on M&A, based on commentary from your peers, it seems like there might be a willingness from some to reshape the media landscape a bit and that certain linear or maybe even streaming assets could slow hands. From your end, it seems like there's a lot of comfort in getting to your leverage targets, the synergy capture machine is firing on all cylinders, free cash flow should ramp going forward. And of course, the second anniversary of the merger is closed, if not too far away. So can you talk a bit about your latest views on M&A? And what's your appetite from a strategic or financial lens? And on synergies, Gunnar, can you expand on your comments earlier a bit and help us understand where this increase to $5 billion is coming from? And how should we think about the timing flow-through in 2023 and 2024? Should we expect this $1 billion upside will mostly be reinvested in the business? And then are there any changes to the total cash cost achieve that we should be mindful of as we think of free cash flow over the coming years?
David Zaslav: Let me just start by saying the team has really worked hard the last 16 months to restructure this business for the future to build a business that has a real storytelling company, where we can continue to invest our meaningful free cash flow to serve all of our diverse businesses. So the delevering that we're doing now which has really accelerated and is accelerating, is a key element of making this turn. And we've already started to focus on each of our businesses now for growth. We like the businesses that we have. We have a diverse set of assets global reach, great tentpoles that have been underused that we could now get into, whether it's Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings, the whole DC plan for the next 10 years. And so we feel very good about our hand and our focus now will be finish the delevering which we've made the turn on now and there's clearly in sight, and focus on our own growth which we think we give the same attention to and the same rigor. Gunnar?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. And Chuck, on synergies, the headline here is as David has said so many times, we have completely changed the way we're running a business here. This is not about synergies. This is not about an integration. It's just a fundamental shift in mindset that continues to come through. And again, the -- you saw the free cash flow number in the second quarter. I'm just amazed by the results and it's coming through everywhere. And there -- as I said, there was a small strike impact here. But without the strike, it would have been a $1.6 billion number instead of a $1.7 billion number. And I'm pointing this out because it's not 1 or 2 things that stick out here, it's cash coming in everywhere across the P&L and then below the line. And so as I said a minute ago, we've achieved the $2 billion of incremental value capture with our transformation initiative. I do see $5 billion or more. And again, as we've said before, a lot of that is going to hit in '24 and beyond. We're still in the early innings of many of our systems transformation that I pointed this out before, we're rationalizing 260 systems across the company. So all of that is still in the pipeline. To your point, where is this coming from, it's the same point that I've made in the past. Really just looking at what's in the system, we have a very significant cushion in terms of the overall savings amount tied to all the initiatives that the company is working on. And then just looking at how those are flowing through the implementation milestones. And I have full confidence now that we're going to get $5 billion or more. And we'll continue -- again, this is not an integration exercise. It's a transformation of the entire operating model for the company. And yes, we're going to be reinvesting some. We actually have reinvested some. If you look at the numbers, I said $2 billion have flown through in the first half of the year. We've obviously not grown profits by $2 billion. We used some of that to offset the tougher macro environment and we've used some of it to fund the investments everywhere in the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Maybe one question on free cash flow. I mean the cash flow numbers are obviously very impressive for the quarter as well as the guidance for Q3. So Gunnar, could you help us understand the working capital tailwinds I mean the sources of those? And as you look beyond this year, to what extent can you keep harvesting that cash flow? And as you get to next year, you obviously have the cash cost going down of integration and then you have interest costs going down but then you have offsets potentially in the form of advertising or programming costs going up and DTC getting back to growth. So could you talk about those trade-offs as you look beyond this year in terms of free cash flow growth drivers and what they could look like in '24?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Sure. So let me start with the floors and I quickly went through them in my prepared remarks earlier. But again, the most important point is it's coming in across the entire cash flow statement. And we have talked about this in the past, cash was never an objective in 3/4 of this company. And so when we went in and looked at the enormous amount of uncollected receivables, the enormous delays and even sending out invoices, the willingness to just pay our suppliers before even payments are due, it was just never a focus area. The discussion of a 10% margin business or a project, is that a good project? Could be but it could be a bad project if it takes 3 or 4 years to get the cash in after you deploy the capital. So those are all factors. And that are reflective of a mindset shift across the company. And importantly, I do also want to point out because we sometimes get the question on the securitization facility, we've said a number of times we're not intending to make that a major driver of free cash flow. It hasn't been a factor this quarter or year-to-date. And again, we're not expecting this to be a major driver. It might fluctuate on a quarter-by-quarter basis but it's not included in a positive or negative way in any of our guidance. And so looking beyond 2023 into the future, you're asking the question, how is this going to develop from here. I do think that we have multiple bites at the apple ahead still from a working capital perspective. We're really just getting started and we're really still working with an incomplete instrumentation from a systems perspective. So there's a lot more for us to do. You've also gone through a number of the underlying positive drivers here, cost to achieve is going to come down and, Kannan, I realize I forgot to answer your question. So we had guided to $1 billion to $1.5 billion in cost to achieve. We're going to be, as we said before, probably tilt the upper end of it. But $1.2 billion of that is going to flow through this year and then it's going to come down. Over time, interest is going to come down and CapEx is going to come down. We have a slightly elevated CapEx level as part of our transformation focus here, putting new systems in place, supporting JB's development, Max platform, et cetera. So that's going to be a positive driver as well. And then we'll see how we do on the P&L. Again, we've put ourselves in a position to really get behind all 3 of our businesses. and we'll update you as we get through to 2024. But there's definitely enormous opportunity and I do not view this as sort of a onetime bump. We're changing the way we're operating the company and we're changing the cash generation profile of this company. By the way, fully in line with what we've always said, longer term, we should be operating at a 60% cash conversion rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.
Brett Feldman: And thanks for some of the help in terms of how to think about DTC segment EBITDA as we move ahead. I was hoping you could spend a little time talking about how we should be thinking about revenue in that segment. In particular, the key puts and takes around the net add volumes as you sort of move past the U.S. launch and start to move into international markets. And I'd also be curious for your updated thoughts on the balance between driving growth through pricing and ARPU versus focusing on volume.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Well, let me start maybe and then pass to JB. As I laid out a minute ago, I do think that advertising for our D2C platform is a massive opportunity. I mean you see that we're growing advertising 25% in the quarter on the platform and that is in a challenging market environment. And in fairness, we haven't really started prioritizing this. And as I laid out, for the first time ever, advertisers are going to have access to some of the best shows in the entire landscape. And we're opening that up. We've got the technology in place and it's definitely going to be a growth priority, especially since we know that, in many cases, we can generate higher ARPUs on the ad-light platform or offering then on the subscribers [ph].
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. I mean I think that -- to add to Gunnar's comments, I think we look at it as multiple levers as we go into 2024 is the add -- just picking up to where Gunnar left off, the ad opportunity. We're just starting in the upfront. It was a huge driver of our success in the upfront and so that will start to kick in further. We just started in February, as you know, with putting advertising units in our most highly valued most premium content in terms of HBO and some of the legacy HBO library series. And so that's -- we see advertising as a driver. We see ARPU as a driver. We've risen -- we've pumped prices up internationally and in the U.S. over the course of the last 9 months in almost every market. We launched the ultimate tier which we've seen very healthy pickup here in the U.S. which is also incremental ARPU for us. And so that's an opportunity. I think engagement, as David mentioned in his prepared remarks, we've seen very positive initial trends on greater engagement which is a precursor and a leading indicator to future churn which is obviously something that is probably number one in our bull's eye of things we're trying to attack and lower which will help us. And then obviously, on the net adds side, as we roll out internationally and as we get the platform rolled out and as we lend to even more content offerings, as David alluded to, potentially in the live space, we think there's incremental opportunity to drive subscribers and, more importantly, revenue growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik: Great. Recent press reports suggest that ESPN is going to go direct in 2025. I think it's sort of the first time we have a potential sort of date for that. I mean, David, do you see that as a sort of meaningful change in the TV landscape? And then as it relates to your own sports portfolio, you talked about TNT in Europe. I mean any update on the timing of adding sports and news to your streaming offering? Whether it's the timing or the sort of method of what you do, I mean, do you foresee it just being folded in with the Max offering? Or could you potentially see a sort of a separate offering that could be bundled with the current Max offering?
David Zaslav: Thanks, John. First, when it comes to our sports rights domestically and globally, taken as a whole, we're money good. So we have good deals with -- here in the U.S. and around the world that are -- that provide real value to us. One of the elements of those deals is that we own the digital rights to our sports. So we have the ability for no incremental cost to put that content on our platforms. And we're doing it in Europe. We're doing it in different ways. In some cases, we're doing it as an incremental tier. And in some cases, we're putting it on the entire platform. And we've been at it now for about 1.5 years or 2 years and it's pretty compelling. I've talked about news and sports as our artillery and a real opportunity for us. So we'll be coming to you guys soon. We've been working this summer very hard. Number one, we wanted to get this platform right. We wanted to do no harm. Let's get a transition. There was a fair amount of overlap. And we've got the transition; the platform is working exceptionally well. Consumers are very happy. Engagement is up. One of our thesis of having how well this overall mix of content will work. Directionally, it's very -- it looks like it's working. More than 20% of the viewership is going to some of the more diverse content in different time periods. We still have a lot of work to do. We're early on. But news and sports are important, they're differentiators, they're compelling and they make these platforms come alive. And that's -- if you're on an SVOD platform and something that's going on in the world and you could see it, it has that platform -- makes that platform really alive. So you will hear from us on that soon.
John Hodulik: Great. And in the indirect side of things?
David Zaslav: I think how everybody determines we're focused on how we're going to use our sports domestically and globally to create more shareholder value and stronger economics and help the leagues who all are very interested in reaching more people, more demographics. And so that's our focus. And in addition, as you know, we have Bleacher which is the -- and House of Highlights which are a huge funnel for us and a big opportunity. And we're focused on how we use that in tandem because it is the largest platform for people under 30 in sport.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif with Bank of America.
Jessica Reif: Just on film, maybe just to go a little deeper. I mean Barbie was so outstanding. So are there lessons learned from having original IP and -- like brilliant marketing. How does this shape your film strategy going forward? Can you talk about the impact to Max when it hits the platform? And then I guess, also in kind of the studio segment but you talked about selling to third parties which obviously makes a lot of sense, have you seen any change in demand given the strikes? Or can you just talk about overall demand for your content?
David Zaslav: Well, thanks, Jessica. Barbie is really important for us because -- which we think one of the big unlocks of value is running this as one company. So we started having each of the businesses we meet together every week and all the creatives we meet together every week. We first got behind House of the Dragon and we had the dragons going across the bottom of all 30 channels and across the baseball field and the playoffs. And having our analysts, we got them the content in advance and they talk about it. We then did The Last of Us. This idea of super sizing by going -- using the fact that we reach 30% or 40% of America on a given night. And at each of our -- all of our platforms globally can have an impact. And we saw it with The Last of Us. We then brought the entire company together on Hogwarts Legacy and supersized it. We don't -- we're not doing it for everything. We're trying to figure out what are the strategic assets and then we did it on Max. And we're getting better at it. We're just getting started. This is such a diverse set of amazing assets that how do we use them to help each other? And how do we use them also that we don't have to go out and spend money when we already have huge marketing platforms that we could use on our own. And using some of -- having Barkley and Shaq talk about something that they already love could is often more powerful than running commercial. And so it's important for the confidence and the culture of the company that we can get behind these assets in a unique way. We're a very unusual company with the assets that we have. And it starts to build our muscle memory. And the idea that this can work. This idea of Barbie Summer and then every week what is everyone around the table going to do. And the cakes were pink on Food Network. We turned the fields pink across Europe. And it -- of course, it started with an amazing movie by Greta and Margo going around the world. So it starts with great content, obviously. But this -- but the fact that we can supersize it uniquely, globally, is a big deal for us. I think it will -- we're going to let -- we really live in the motion picture window. Let this movie go to the motion picture window, play it up, build up that brand, then have it go into PVOD, take it through these windows of economics that have worked forever and we think work extremely well and then put it on Max. And when it goes on Max, we think it will have a very good impact and that will be in the fall. JB?
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. I mean, Jessica, as you films, obviously movies, continue to be a very important part of the Max offering. I should remind people that in the U.S., obviously, we're particularly more reliant on the Warner slate. Outside of the U.S., we are a multistudio service still, including the Warner slate. But film are incredibly important. And I will say what we've seen so far is -- obviously, we sort of benefit on Max in both ways. Even content -- even the titles that don't necessarily perform as well as we wanted to them in the box office, by the time they get to Max because fewer people have seen them and they are newer to more people, they do well. And the bigger titles like we had in Batman last year or doing when it came to the service and we expect the same of Barbie that do incredibly well, people want to resee it. And so it continues to be incredibly important part of the business.
David Zaslav: Look, the key for us is, as we have accelerated the delevering now and made the turn that we focus on growth. And focus on growth will be we now have command and control of each of our businesses. We're going to give the same rigor and focus on how do we drive growth across each of our businesses. And one of those key initiatives is one company. How do we use this -- the unique set of assets that we have that no one else has globally to drive growth. And that's what we're continuing. We're starting much more on to focus on growth and you'll see it and we'll be talking more about it. The content licensing, look, we have one of the best TV and motion picture libraries in the world. As you -- if you look at our overall -- the overall economics, I think we're actually below the last couple of years in terms of we're selling. If the strike continues, there may be more demand. We are always looking to maximize. We're hoping this strike gets settled as soon as possible. It's important. It's important that we get going that we get back to work doing what we love and we're hoping that both of these strikes get resolved soon. That's our focus.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: David, you've been through lots and lots of cycles, advertising cycles in particular in your career. And I'm wondering how you would describe this kind of environment [ph]? So, I guess the question is, I think about your Jack Welch story from all these years, talking about ratings going down and advertising going up and weather there's any concern in your mind that we maybe linear TV has reached that point. And the corollary would be, with Max, it would seem like you have a great opportunity to sort of move some of that linear money over to D2C. And I'm wondering if you're optimistic that you can kind of capture that one for once. So it's sort of a bigger picture advertising question but would love to hear your thoughts.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Look, the market is -- it improved a little bit last quarter and we think it feels like it's improving a little bit this quarter. We're seeing some more improvement, not anything great but we're seeing some more meaningful improvement outside the U.S. But this is unusual. In my 35 years, I think a lot of us expected that there would be a -- that we'd see a meaningful recovery in the second half of the year and we haven't seen it. And we've needed to figure out how to make up for that. We just came out of an upfront that is encouraging, at least for us. We're seeing mid-single increase on the sports side. We got price increases with some of our affinity networks. Some of these networks are really important to advertisers and we're still doing a lot of original content which makes us unique. And some of our smaller networks were slightly down. Max was the star. I mean a big star, as JB said, some of this content, the greatness of HBO and Max, the KC, all that content, that we have 127 Emmy nominations, the idea that you can get in front of Succession, you can get in front of the highest quality content for the first time. And it's very uncluttered. It's one spot right for now on the front end of it and some of the older content is limited. And so we're seeing really good pricing. We can't say one for one. We need to build up Max for now. It's -- there's a huge demand for it. We're going to be pushing for -- as we look at growth everywhere, we're going to be pushing now for how we reduce churn and grow Max. But it's very helpful to us that we have a significant digital footprint. We have a really strong product in Max. And look, for us, we can't predict what's going to go on with the linear business. But we have a lot of command and control, as I talked about earlier. And the viewership on our platforms are actually quite strong, it's just that they're older. And there's a load of people still loving and watching our content. And most of our content now is going over to Max. So they're watching Diners and Dives and then we're getting -- we're monetizing it again to all of our subscribers on our ad tier and around the world. So we have that symmetry. We need to build up the other side. But we've been very aggressive and we will continue to be about driving the margin. And we're aware that there's a decline in the traditional business. And we're fighting to keep that free cash flow and we'll pull every lever we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Morris with Guggenheim.
Michael Morris: I want to ask one about the strikes and one about the international business. First, on the strikes, David. From the outside, it does feel like the 2 sides are very far apart. And so I'd love to hear if you could characterize how far apart you feel that the sides are, recognizing that you're being negotiated on behalf of but your interests are obviously very much at stake here. So I'd love to hear just sort of your thoughts on how far part the sides are and how influential do you feel like you can be on bringing sides together. And then second, on the international business. You made constructive comments about the opportunity there. Obviously, your international business has a pretty big mix of brands and partnerships, licensing arrangements. So can you maybe talk about the strategic vision here? Is your ambition to have one strong single brand over time, similar to the way Netflix is structured? And maybe more tactically, what are some of the milestones or initiatives over the next 12 months that you're looking to achieve?
David Zaslav: Well, look, on the strike, I'm very focused on it because this is our business, this is all we do. And get it -- and it's critically important that everybody, the writers, the directors, the actors, the producers, all the below-the-line crews, everyone needs to be fairly compensated and they need to feel valued and feel that they're fairly compensated in order to do their best work. And that we have to focus on getting that done. I'm hopeful that it's going to happen soon. I'm going to I think all of us in this business are very keen to figure out a solution as quickly as possible. We are in some uncharted waters in terms of the world as it is today and measuring it all. And so I think in good faith, we all got to fight to get this resolved and it needs to be resolved in a way that the creative community feels fairly compensated and fully valued.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And then, Michael, as it relates to international, certainly on the streaming side, we will be moving to one unified consistent brand with the launch of Max over the next 12 months, with the rollout plan for LatAm, EMEA and then APAC. So absolutely, over the course of sort of the next 12 months, that's the road map and the plan we're on. I think the second piece is we're obviously excited as we think about content mix, particularly in an environment where, to David's point about the strike, we do have great original productions happening outside the U.S. as well, both for Max as a platform as well as our local networks and that content will feed Max as well. And so the mix of powerful global IP and global content coming largely out of the U.S. as well as local content produced by our local teams in markets, particularly in Europe and LatAm, that mix to drive penetration of Max outside the U.S. we think is very powerful. And then on top of that, we have, obviously as David alluded to earlier, our sports. And as we think about Europe, in particular with the Olympics and in coming home to Europe next summer, will be a great launch platform for us in EMEA.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick: Congrats on Barbie. I'm excited for Shaq and Charles to discuss a Barbie-Superman team up, that would be great. Following up 2 things. Following up on John's question, it sounds like NHL is coming to Max and we should think about Max as the path for more of your Turner Sports over time. How does that impact Max pricing? Can you put those sports on and keep prices around this level? Or do you think we need a substantial increase to get there? And then second, on lower DTC churn in the quarter, was that driven by, I think you mentioned -- what's the remaining discovery HBO overlap, that's sort of latent churn? And what do you see in the pace of that consolidation going forward?
David Zaslav: We think it's a real asset, all the sports rights that we have. We will -- we have a real strategic plan that we're finalizing and we'll take it to you guys and be very clear about exactly how we're going to use news and sports in -- on our platforms and for -- to build value for the future in the near term. JB?
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. I mean I think as David alluded to earlier, in sports, we have a mix of models today across. Largely in Europe, it is priced in an incrementally priced tier. In LatAm, we have some sports bundle, a mix there as well. We have some local football or soccer in a separately priced tier. We have Champions League in Mexico and Brazil, priced within the entertainment offering. I think generally, our view is sports is a such a premium offering with a very focused and passionate fan base. But generally, the model will require some way to find -- need to find incremental value to get out of it. And so exactly how that comes to market, we will have more to say later in the year. But generally, our view is that it needs to be monetized incrementally, let's put it that way. And then as it relates to the overlap, I think as we said publicly before, we had -- we estimated about 4 million global overlapping subscribers between d+ and HBO Max at the time, with a large portion of that in the U.S. In Gunnar's remarks, he talked to the fact that we've now seen several hundred thousands come out of that in the U.S. And we will continue to presumably to see some further tailing off that overlapping sub base but it has been materially less than we expected. And so that's the story on the overlap.
Philip Cusick: Can I follow up quickly on the Max side. Do you think that CNN would also require incremental value? Or do you think that could be integrated sort of on the regular product?
David Zaslav: We're going to talk about news and sports. We'll be back to you soon on that. And one of the things you're also seeing with us is we're winding out a very -- there were some low ARPU deals that were -- internationally that we just looked at and we just said, that's not who we are, let's get out of those deals. And so there has been a focus to say let's focus on profitability, let's focus on really good subs. Real value, the economics that we get. The ability to nourish our audience and build on those economics, that's our future. And let's get out of these deals that were bargain basement and providing very little ARPU of value.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session as well as today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-05 12:45:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Additionally, please be advised that today’s conference call is being recorded. I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may now begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning and welcome to Warner Bros. Discovery’s Q1 earnings call. With me today is David Zaslav, President and CEO; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our CFO; and JB Perrette, CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. Before we start, I’d like to remind you that today’s conference call will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include comments regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission including, but not limited to the company’s most recent annual report on Form 10-K and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. A copy of our Q1 earnings release trending schedule and accompanying slide deck is available on our website at ir.wbd.com. And with that, I am pleased to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We have had a very busy and productive year thus far. And while we have lots more to do and more to attack and we are aggressively doing just that, the diversified nature of our company continues to provide a strong foundation that enables us to weather challenging environments, like the one we are in and still generate meaningful free cash flow. We expected the marketplace to be challenged. And with clear eyes, we remain confident in our strategy and our ability to generate free cash flow and end this year below 4x levered with our streaming service as a tailwind. Gunnar will take you through the specifics. But for some perspective, on a trailing 12-month basis, we generated $2.1 billion in free cash flow, even after absorbing $1.2 billion in cash restructuring and merger-related costs. Turning to the quarter. While Q1 is seasonally our weakest and we saw challenging revenue headwinds, mainly on the Linear TV and Studio sides, we are on track to achieve this year’s financial targets and we see a number of positive proof points emerging across our businesses with direct-to-consumer, perhaps the most prominent. We have strong command and control of our DTC business. We made a meaningful turn this quarter, generating $50 million in EBITDA and adding 1.6 million new subscribers and we feel really good about the trajectory we are on. We now expect our U.S. DTC business to not only breakeven ahead of schedule, but to be profitable for the year 2023, this year, a year ahead of our guidance. And it’s worth noting, HBO Max and Discovery+ are still only available to less than half of the global streaming market. So there is significant runway ahead of us and we are attacking this opportunity. Max launches here in the U.S. on May 23, with Latin America to follow later this year and markets in EMEA and APAC in 2024. And the service looks terrific and is a broad and compelling offering for everyone in the family. We anticipate having a healthy pipeline of our new content added to Max monthly. And recognizing that one of the real advantages we have as a company is the strength and depth of our franchises, including Harry Potter for a decade, Game of Thrones and D.C., we are delivering on our commitment to reinvigorate the best of them with new exciting stories for fans around the world. While at launch the Max offering will feature the full range of entertainment, this is really just the beginning. We are actively working on options to expand our lineup to include news and sports acknowledging that this live programming has the power to keep consumers coming back for more and staying longer. We look forward to sharing further details with you in the months ahead. As part of our marketing campaign, under our One Company strategy, we are taking full advantage of the range of available media assets company-wide to include our U.S. cable networks and our popular digital outlets like Bleacher Report and cnn.com. We are planning to rollout Max in most key markets around the world. In an effort to reach the broadest possible audience and in keeping with our second strategic pillar, to monetize our content in the most financially advantageous ways, we are also going to continue pursuing other licensing and output deals in markets where either that makes better strategic and financial sense, or where HBO Max isn’t currently available, often with paths to eventually launch Max when we are ready. Our recent deals in Canada and India, for example, are very lucrative with no expenses against them. We already own that content. How we serve consumers is important, but the wealth of our media assets, brands and IP, and our ability to deliver diverse, high-quality content that viewers want to watch and will pay for is what truly differentiates us and makes the opportunity we have to drive real value so compelling. It’s the reason we brought these two companies together. This year, we celebrate Warner Bros. 100th anniversary. This studio has historically been the crown jewel of the industry and we are working hard to rebuild it to its former glory. We are driving meaningful, creative momentum with more and more of the most talented storytellers in the business choosing to partner with us. On the film side, after a very challenging year at the box office, we are excited and optimistic about the slate of movies coming, including Dune 2, Barbie and DC’s Blue Beetle and The Flash. We screened the flash at CinemaCon last week and early reactions have been overwhelmingly positive. We are committed not just to expanding the size of our film slate next year, but even more important, we are committed to making great high-quality films that have an impact. As I have said many times, and we believe it, it’s not about how much, it’s about how good. One of the real strengths of our company is the diversity of our storytelling. And in this centennial year, we are especially excited to be reinvigorating our feature animation business, which has a long history and a wealth of great IP. Bill Damaschke, the former Head of DreamWorks Animation, has taken the helm of our film animation group and is hard at work together with Mike and Pam developing a new slate. While at DreamWorks, Bill oversaw hit productions, including Madagascar, Kung Fu Panda, How to Train Your Dragon and The Croods and is a great addition to our all-star team. On the interactive side, we are also seeing continuing momentum in our gaming business. Hogwarts Legacy has amassed more than $1 billion in retail sales and over 15 million units sold worldwide to date. And today, the team is launching the game on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One platforms. This is our fifth $1 billion-plus gaming franchise alongside Mortal Combat, Game of Thrones, our LEGO games and DC. And there is lots more games coming, including Hogwarts Legacy on Switch later this year. Another area we are very focused on is ad sales. While our results for Q1 continue to reflect the current soft ad market, we are optimistic for a gradual improvement and an eventual upturn in the second half of the year. In a couple of weeks, we will host our Upfront. Last year’s Upfront was right on the heels of closing of our merger. And since then, we have refined our sales organization and our approach and the team is executing against what we believe is a strong strategy. We are also advantaged by the diversity and strength of our ad-supported platforms. In particular, sports and streaming are two key areas for this year’s market and we are extremely well positioned in both. Looking ahead to the next couple of months, we will host the NBA Eastern Conference Finals in a few weeks. Given the 4 teams in the mix, it’s shaping up to be a great series. And in June, we have got the Stanley Cup Finals on TNT. The first time ever that one of the four major professional team sports will air its final series solely on a cable network. We are very excited about that. On the direct-to-consumer side, we now have more than 15 foundational advertising partners, purely on HBO Originals something you couldn’t buy just 3 months ago and a truly unique offering for brands. The Mercedes-Benz title sponsorship of Succession is a good example and a first-of-its-kind opportunity. The combination of impactful campaigns and a limited ad watching experience for consumers, on average, ad-supported subscribers will see 1 to 2 minutes of ads per hour, represents a real win-win for all involved. When you consider the quality of the service, the attractive price point and the limited amount of advertising, it simply can’t be beat. We are also providing huge value to advertisers by creating these Sunday night buzzy shows like Euphoria, Game of Thrones, The Last of Us, and of course, Succession. These shared experiences enable advertisers to build the desired reach quickly. This is expected to be a big year for news as well with the Presidential cycle kicking off soon. We anticipate real growth out of CNN and we will be selling heavily into the Upfront for town halls, primaries and conventions. Needless to say, we have got a lot of irons in the fire and this busy year is looking to get even busier. We are driving leverage down, generating free cash flow and continuing to build a sustainable business for the long-term. And as the macro environment begins to improve, we believe given the efficiencies we have put in place, command and control, and our diversified portfolio of media assets storytelling IP and talent, we are strongly positioned to achieve even higher free cash flow and EBITDA heights, and ultimately, meaningfully grow shareholder value. And now, I will turn it over to Gunnar and he will take you through the financials and the specifics of the quarter and what’s ahead. Gunnar?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David and good morning. On balance, I am very pleased with where we are and very encouraged by the progress of our priority initiatives, which are all moving forward as planned. We generated 12% constant currency EBITDA growth this quarter a strong starting point for the year and also the first quarter of EBITDA growth since closing the merger. I remain confident in our guidance of adjusted EBITDA in the range of low to mid-$11 billion and one-third to one-half conversion to free cash flow, with net leverage at the end of 2023 comfortably below 4x. As always, there are a number of moving pieces and this quarter is no exception, so I’d like to address the key puts and takes impacting our results and outlook. Starting with D2C, as we enter this next leg of the journey, kicking off with the launch of Max on May 23, we are already very pleased with the traction we are seeing, having generated $50 million of EBITDA this quarter. Perhaps more importantly, we are continuing to see improvements across key operating KPIs, such as in our retention metrics. We also added 1.6 million subscribers globally in part due to the strong creative success of The Last of Us. We have driven a healthy amount of lasting efficiency improvements across this business through the initial phase of D2C integration. In fact, D2C operating expenses were down over $760 million or 24% excluding FX on a pro forma basis in the first quarter. All of this now provides much greater clarity on the path forward to establishing a sustainable platform setup for dynamic and profitable growth for years to come. As we relaunch here in the U.S. and plan additional launches later in ‘23 and into ‘24, we will continue to be guided by a focus on prudent and rational investment. Additionally, we have benefited from greater insight into the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing efforts over the last 12 months and we have seen that we can do more with less. As JB noted, during our precedent, we will undertake the largest marketing campaign in the company’s history to support the launch of Max. This was of course anticipated in our internal budget and guidance. We will continue to focus on driving efficiencies throughout our D2C non-content cost structure as we launch Max around the world and get more and more of our digital products on a common platform. As such, we expect the D2C segment to continue to show improvements with peak EBITDA losses for the year in the second quarter. And when I say peak, I am talking around $300 million or so. In fact, we are tracking ahead of our profitability target and now expect to be profitable in the U.S. on a full year basis this year. That is a full year ahead of our original plan of breakeven in 2024. And I remain ever confident in our outlook of generating $1 billion or more of profitability in 2025 globally. Finally, I’d like to remind you about the approximately 4 million overlapping subscribers between HBO Max and Discovery+, consistent with what we outlined for you last summer. While we intend to keep Discovery+ going as a standalone product, we expect a large portion of these 4 million subscribers will likely churn off Discovery+. The exact cadence of course being unclear at this time, but we do expect a fair amount of it to happen in the first few months after launch. Turning briefly to the other segments of our portfolio, starting with the advertising market. As expected, we did see a modest sequential improvement in Q1 when adjusting for the Olympics. And we do see this underlying trend continuing into Q2 on a like-for-like basis. That is after accounting for the NCAA Men’s Final 4 last year and the Stanley Cup finals this year, which combined will account for a net 200 basis points headwind to Global Networks advertising revenues. While we see this as encouraging, visibility remains limited and the improvement is gradual. Though the market remains challenged, we are cautiously optimistic, particularly coming into the Upfront, which will take place over the next couple of months. With discussions ongoing, we will soon have a much better handle on Q4 in the 2023-2024 season. We see a particularly strong advertising opportunity on Max, both with respect to the more traditional ads on shows like Friends and Big Bang Theory as well as the very impactful and high-profile opportunity on Max Originals. You will hear a lot more about this at our Upfront presentation in a few weeks. Recall this really only kicked off in February and we are moving slowly and deliberately ensuring a high-quality, rich advertising experience and we see significant further upside for this product line, particularly when the advertising market improved. Briefly on our international markets. On the whole, they continue to perform relatively better, led by key markets like Poland, the Nordics and Italy, with the UK, Germany and Brazil on the weaker side, though as in the U.S., there is limited visibility. In the Studio segment, there are a number of moving pieces that will be helpful to unpack. Obviously, Hogwarts Legacy was the key driver here, having performed amazingly well. It is thus far the best-selling game across the industry with over $1 billion in retail sales and it is on track to be a top game for all of 2023. Studios results were however negatively impacted by disappointing box office performance and this was exacerbated by a very difficult comparison against the success of The Batman last year. Similarly, TV licensing revenues declined year-over-year against certain large deal in Q1 of 2022. As David mentioned, we are coming up on the 2023 summer slide and early reviews and tracking for The Flash, premiering June 16 and Barbie on July 21, look very promising. Both titles have enjoyed major buzz and we are leaning in. Keep that in mind for the second quarter when the Studio segment will see the expense associated with these marketing campaigns, while the revenue opportunity largely impacts Q3 and beyond. Now, let me provide some color on free cash flow, our financial North Star, as you know. As a reminder, free cash flow of negative $930 million in Q1 of this year is not comparable to the positive $238 million reported last year, as the latter represented Discovery as a standalone company. And while our first quarter free cash flow was negative, as guided to on our fourth quarter earnings call, we have made significant progress with strong improvement versus the underlying trends in the prior year when WarnerMedia had heavily negative free cash flows. A few additional key factors to keep in mind. First, Q1 for both legacy companies has always been the seasonally weakest quarter in part due to the cadence of the production schedule over the year and the timing of certain payments, such as for sports rights. Second, Q1 and Q3 carry the additional burden of the semiannual coupon payment in large part for our merger bonds, an impact of over $800 million included in our Q1 free cash flow. Lastly, Q1 also contains significant and expected cash out from restructuring and integration costs, close to $500 million during the quarter. Given the quarterly puts and takes, I’d like to point to the trailing 12-month free cash flow to give you a better sense of the true run-rate. Our trailing 12-month free cash flow is now at $2.1 billion with a very clear path to our guidance range. The key drivers for the balance of the year are: number one, expected adjusted EBITDA growth, back-end loaded this year as transformation initiatives continue to unfold, and hopefully, with a little help from the ad market backdrop. Even though, I should say, I have confidence in our guidance range even if ad sales don’t fully recover in H2 against a much easier prior year comp. Second, seasonally positive change in working capital versus a drag in Q1. Third, a significantly narrowing gap between cash content spend and amortization, as our D2C business absorbed sequentially higher amortization expenses, and we deploy content cash with a more and more rigorous focus on ROI. Finally, the cash benefit from key transformation initiatives will be backloaded over the year, while cash out for restructuring and integration will be more front loaded. In fact, our trailing 12-month free cash flow number at the end of Q1 contains $1.2 billion of restructuring and merger-related cash costs in this line item. We expect that these factors will contribute to a higher conversion rate in the second half of the year and likely, again, with a disproportionate amount in Q4, not unlike our nearly 100% conversion rate in the fourth quarter of last year. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we are expecting to see a significant positive swing from negative $900 million in Q1 to around positive $900 million for a roughly cash neutral, maybe positive, H1 free cash flow overall. This will support further debt reduction this quarter on our way to sub-4x leverage. Separately, as you will see in our 10-Q, we temporarily drew down $750 million on our revolver in April to accommodate the intra-quarter timing of certain sports rights payments. I expect this to be fully paid down by the end of this month. To sum up my discussion of free cash flow, the level of transparency into and focus on free cash flow and its drivers has changed dramatically over the past 12 months, and we are in a strong position to capture this tremendous value opportunity over the course of 2023 and beyond. In closing, as we lap the 1-year mark since closing the merger, candidly it feels like 3, I do come back to the statement I made a few months ago that we’ve turned the corner at WBD. I continue to view the structural heavy lift as more behind us than in front of us, and I see more and more opportunity with every day I am spending with the iconic brands and the massive global footprint of this combined company. With billions and efficiency gains already in implementation, we really are still in the early innings of unlocking the full potential of Warner Bros Discovery. We remain as well positioned, as any, to lean into the many avenues of growth in front of us. With that, I’d like to turn the call back to the operator, and David, JB and I will take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much for taking the question. David and JB, I think most interesting, how would you define success for the launch of Max or the relaunch of Max, as you want to define it? I think there is a lot of discussion in terms of choosing Max’s brand and the need to build that or rebuild that. David, you mentioned actively trying to include news and sports in the lineup, and so I’m just curious whether it’s engagement, whether it’s subscribers, whether it’s ultimate profitability, how should investors think about what to expect for Max in the coming quarters? And Gunnar, I think you made some strong statements in your prepared remarks, but obviously, a lot of investor focus on free cash flow generation and balance sheet here. And I guess the just general question is what’s your level of confidence in the balance sheet targets over the next couple of years and what gives you that confidence, especially with the year being back-end weighted? Thanks so much.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Doug. So we’re excited about the 23rd. Look, we’ve turned the corner on our streaming business. We had a different view of it. We’ve focused on it very hard, and we built what we think will be a very strong independent business, and it starts with profitability. And so we made $50 million this quarter. Our U.S. streaming business will be profitable for the year and we have real scale. And so – and when you run a business, you’re looking for growth, which we’re going to get in the streaming business, and we’re driving to get throughout the company, and there are a number of areas where we think that we’re – as the – we know that as the economy improves, we will see real growth. But the key here is our U.S. Stream business is no longer a bleeder. It’s hard to run a business when you have a big bleeder. And so getting this business under control, focusing on what people love to watch, how do we create content that people love. And now as we launch Max, we will be able to nourish and delight subscribers with the greatness of HBO, which on Sunday nights is really a cultural moment, whether it’s White Lotus, House of Dragon, The Last of Us, Succession. And then put it together with Discovery, which has the Discovery content which has been really strong for us. So number one, we want an easy, smooth transition, that’s why we’re not doing anything with pricing. We focused very hard on letting everybody know how to make that transition. We have – right now, we have a really good hand. And so let’s make the transition. We’ve got technology that’s far superior in terms of delivering the platform itself and how it can work against all this great content. But let’s do a smooth transition and then have people discover the quality content, the diversity of content and the quality of the platform itself, which will only accelerate growth. JB?
JB Perrette: Yes. I think, Doug, just to add on to David. I think in the very near-term, migration success is sort of one key metric, getting the customers who are on HBO Max today successfully migrated over to Max. And then over time, there will be three other metrics and a fourth that will come. The three would be brand awareness. Obviously, we’re building a brand with Max now that is new that has a different proposition, a broader proposition for something for everybody in the family. Number two, customer satisfaction. Number three, engagement. As we talked about on the April 12 event, a lot of it is around seeing all this content coming together, and the breadth of the proposition driving higher utilization, and therefore, helping retention. Those, I think, are the core ones in the initial few months. And then over time, obviously, as that flywheel continues, we obviously want to see subscriber growth and scale as the additional metrics. So those are the ways that we will look at success.
A – Gunnar Wiedenfels: All right. And Doug, on the free cash flow question, as you just heard me say in the prepared remarks, I have a high level of confidence in our guidance and our ability to deliver here. And taking a step back, there is no doubt the environment continues to be challenging. We’re working against pretty significant reductions in ad sales. And as I laid out, see gradual improvement for the second quarter, but it’s gradual. So there is that. But what you’re also seeing in our results is what we’ve referred to as the built-in hedge, right? We’ve got a great game, Hogwarts Legacy, the box office was a little weaker. But across the entire footprint of the company, managing as one integrated company, we have enormous opportunity. And so we don’t want to be in the business of predicting ad market developments in the second half. As I said, I have confidence in our guidance without assuming a complete turnaround here, because we’re focusing on what we know. And what we know is the control that we have over the initiatives that we put in place over the past 12 months, and they are – we’re knocking them out month after month, quarter after quarter. We’ve got systems coming online. We’ve got individual workflows that are going from 10 to 12 hours a pop to 3 minutes. I mean there is a lot that’s happening. And we have clear milestones scheduled out for the rest of the year. And looking at that, I will – I have great confidence that we’re going to continue to deliver these improvements. And I mean as I pointed out earlier, on the cash flow side, it’s even more exacerbated than on the P&L side with the seasonality of our free cash flow. And the $930 million in Q1 was pretty exactly in line, actually a little bit better than what we had budgeted for. And with that, I have full confidence we’re going to deliver for you guys.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you all. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Fishman with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Robert Fishman: Hi, good morning. I have one for David and one for JB or Gunner. First, David, can you expand on the strategy you mentioned in your prepared remarks and maybe the financial benefits of licensing your HBO and Warner Bros. library content internationally, some of the deals you discussed? And how do you balance those licensing deals with your ambitions to scale Max outside the U.S., if and when you choose to launch in those markets? And then for JB and Gunnar, on DTC, anything you can share about the DTC retail versus wholesale trends? I noticed the wholesale revenue dragged down overall DTC revenues, and just whether that wholesale pressure should continue throughout the year? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Robert. We’re focused on taking HBO around the world. The fact that we have real scale around the world that we have content in every language, we have channels in every country to promote, is a real advantage for us. But we’re really driven by free cash flow and long-term free cash flow growth. And so if there is a market, like India, where we could structure a deal where we can make a lot more money by licensing our great content in that market, with an option at the – which we always have at the end of that deal to take another look at that country, with our platform that’s already built – we’re not building a new platform for each country and see if we can go in ourselves, can we generate more long-term profit and free cash flow. And so it’s really an economic analysis. You will see in most markets, it will be us building asset value, owning it, driving it for long-term value and growth. You saw us do it at Discovery. We were the first outside the U.S. We were in 200 countries, and it generated a long tail of free cash flow and real EBITDA growth for us. So I’m very optimistic we’re in less than 50% of the countries. It’s very hard to have a business that’s profitable just in the U.S. I’ve always thought that you really need to be above the globe, and that’s the advantage. That was the value creation of the fine companies, that they had that scale. We own all of our content. And the idea that we’re starting off by having a business that’s profitable this year in the U.S., and then we go on this journey of driving it outside the U.S. with a strong platform that’s already built, I think is – bodes very well for us.
JB Perrette: Robert, I’d just add to what David said, there is two filters as we look at it. There is the strategic filter and financial filter that David just talked about, which obviously is preeminent, which is a market like India. If we don’t believe we can be profitable as a streaming service within a 3 to 5-year time horizon, at the end of the day, right now, that’s not going to be our priority focus. And so if the opportunity is to license and take a bunch of money off the table to help support our growth initiatives in other markets where we think we can scale more profitably and more effectively, we do that, number one. Number two, there is a practical reality that some of these licensing deals are done in markets where we’re just not going to be ready to launch from a platform perspective. As David mentioned in his prepared remarks, we’ve got a timetable to roll out our new product and convert and migrate our existing HBO Max customers over the next 12 months plus, then some of these things are going to take into ‘25 and even beyond to launch in new markets for our platform to be ready. And so in the meantime, it just makes perfect sense for us to take as much money off the table as possible. And so that’s the thinking.
David Zaslav: The added advantages in these markets, they are still seeding our brands in those markets. So we’re getting value, the brand itself is being driven as quality curated and then we have the hand off when we think that market can be profitable.
JB Perrette: And we have – sorry, one other thing I’d say is in all these deals, oftentimes, what we’ve done, which is better than what we have in existing licensing deals, is ensuring that when those deals expire, we have stronger cliffs for the content to come back. So we can actually – when we’re ready to launch, if we assume we’re going to launch in those markets at the end of those deals, we get more of our content back immediately.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Robert, the only thing I would add is on your revenue growth and the wholesale question, two things to keep in mind. Number one, Q1 had a bit of an overlay with content sales revenues. And as we pointed out in the prepared remarks, obviously, the ad market also on the digital side isn’t the greatest right now. So I see a lot of upside opportunity here as that market comes back. And specifically for wholesale, remember that our subscriber base contains the linear HBO subscribers that are obviously showing similar trends to what we’re seeing in other parts of the linear ecosystem. Needless to say, we expect the total to be a growing business. We will see how the launch goes in May. We’re looking forward to getting that product out. I pointed out some of the overlapping subscribers. We will see how those wash out. But we’re definitely looking for revenue growth for the second half of the year and in many years to come.
David Zaslav: Great. Next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Hi, good morning. Maybe first, David and J.B., on DTC profits that are tracking ahead. Just curious what’s performing ahead of your expectations there? Is it the subscribers and revenue? Is it more about the cost reduction? And I know you’re new into the Max launch domestically, but I’m just curious if you’re seeing legacy HBO subscribers, which I think, David, you were talking about on CNBC this morning, if you’re seeing those folks engage with the Discovery content, it’s kind of different genres? But I know that’s the hope, so just wondering what kind of early trends you might be seeing there. And then, Gunnar, on the adjusted EBITDA guidance for the year, I think it still implies low, $11 billion. From your comments, it sounds like the macro is still a little tough, but you’re bullish with the incremental U.S. DTC profits. So I’m just wondering, with DTC performing better and no change to that guidance, is there anything that’s performing worse? Or is that better just kind of in the range as we think about all those different components? Thank you.
David Zaslav: You want to start with the second?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Alright. Let me start with the guidance quickly, because you’re right, obviously, the DTC point is the big, big positive driver here. The most important point, as I laid out is we have very clear visibility into our transformation initiative and the impact that’s going to have on the cost base. Also for the Studio, definitely a support here for the second half of the year, a very strong summer slate that we’re really looking forward to launching, and the revenues that those are going to hit from Q3 onwards. Again, I don’t want to speculate about the linear business, but remember that the comp in the second half is going to be much more beneficial because especially the fourth quarter last year was pretty anemic in the scatter market. And – but at the end of the day, we still have a lot of shots on goal here. And it’s a hit-driven business, especially on the studio side, that’s why we’re giving the range. And I feel comfortable with that range with what I know today.
David Zaslav: Look, when we think about Max, as we launch, we have real scale, quality content, a broader aperture. The real challenge is the churn. Very difficult to build a strong business with churn. The churn on Discovery+ is quite low. The churn on HBO Max is high and so driving that churn is as or maybe more important than driving the growth. If we can drive down the churn, the growth will be very substantial. And so we have a series of attacks in order to do that. The primary one is how do you nourish more people in the family. And the more people use it, we’ve seen that – we’ve been at this in Europe for more than 8 years, the more people to use it in the family, the more engaged people are, the broader the offering, the lower the churn. We also have a technology advantage now in terms of catching people that want to buy the product that we weren’t able to reach out to. And this is a business of artillery. We’re adding a lot of artillery here to the offering in order to get more viewers in the family engaged and excited about the amazing quality content that we have. But we have more weapons, and we have sports and we have news. And those are on the sidelines right now. We have a great product. We’re going to – that’s now going to be profitable for the year. Let’s drive that. Let’s drive the brand. And know that we have – we can move to the left and to the right with sports and news, which we’ve done in markets in Europe, which has been additionally advantageous. JB?
JB Perrette: Yes. Steven, to echo what David said, we’ve seen it across multiple metrics. We’ve seen it across retention, as David rightly pointed out, we’ve had in the first few months of this year, record low churn on HBO Max.
David Zaslav: But the churn is still very high.
JB Perrette: It’s still high. But we’ve been...
David Zaslav: With the acceptable range in order to build the kind of business that we will build.
JB Perrette: Yes. And as we’ve talked about at the April 12 event, that was all done through a kind of, what I’d call, a slightly more analog attack plan – we’re now getting to a tool and a platform as we launch Max that we think has a lot more ammo to be able to actually attack churn in a more aggressive fashion. So we think we’re just at the beginning of that upswing. The second is we obviously had price rises in the U.S. as well as a few of the Latin American markets. And the reality is the great news there is we’ve seen much better reaction and much better retention as well on ARPU increases in those markets. And so that’s been a positive. We’ve seen efficiencies in – across the board in some of the items that Gunnar talked about. And then obviously, over time, we’ve seen some scaling, but we’ve been measured in our scaling. And so that’s been great. And as it relates to the content cross-pollinization, the reality is we’ve done very little so far. But we have done stuff with Magnolia, for example. And as you heard us, I think, hopefully talk about before, it was a top 10 performer on the service at launch, and even a top five in the initial week of launch. And so we feel very positive about what that means. And as we’ve cross-pollinated content outside of the U.S., we’ve seen similar trends of great reaction and reception from HBO Max consumers to the Discovery+ content. So when we go full throttle with it when Max comes together, we feel very optimistic.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Steve, if I can just add one thing from the perspective of the longer-term outlook here, again, we gave guidance a year ago around how we see this D2C business developing. As I said earlier today, many of the operating KPIs are tracking much better than what we assumed. Again, the big thing is getting this product launched. And then we will learn so much about assumptions that are now assumptions in hypotheses and in 2, 3 months, those will be backed up by a lot more actual data. So this is going to be super important period, but needless to say, with the U.S. breakeven and actually hitting profitability for the full year happening this year, a full year ahead. Now remember, as we said before, we are obviously losing money in the business internationally as we are launching markets and as we are earlier in the maturity curve in many of the international markets, and that’s going to continue. But as I have said earlier, we have got that $1 billion-plus guidance for 2025 for the entire combined the business, and we will update that on the basis of what we are learning once the product is in the market.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Supino with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Peter Supino: Hi. Good morning and thank you. On the subject of free cash flow, adjusted for one-time charges, you mentioned that the last 12 months, the company had produced a little over $3 billion of free cash, adding that 1-plus of one-time charges to the 2-plus of underlying. If your expectation is that synergies will contribute $2 billion in ‘23, it seems like your free cash flow has an easy path to $4 billion, which is within your guidance range. I am wondering if you would add any significant puts or takes to that analysis. And specifically, is the DTC upside that you described today, the idea that EBITDA will be $1 billion better than previously expected in ‘23, incremental to the math I just laid out. Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Peter, again, I – in the current environment, I wouldn’t characterize anything as easy. But I have very, very high confidence in the range that we laid out. We have confidence in the ability to generate these synergies. You are right on the trailing 12-month number, but it’s a lot of work. We have line of sight, and we will take it from there. I don’t want you to take this an upgrade to our cash flow guidance.
David Zaslav: We were the – I think we were among the first to say that the advertising market was facing – was starting to be challenging. And so we have been pretty careful in projecting because you can’t, how an advertising market is going to turn and when it’s going to turn. And so for purposes of how we looked at this year, the market is quite challenging. It’s improved a little bit, but it still remains a really challenging environment. But the good news for us is we built that into our projections for the year and into how we talk to you about what this – what we will face this year and how we will perform.
Andrew Slabin: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask you about Hogwarts Legacy. Sales have obviously been extremely strong to-date. Can you talk about what you expect for sales of the PS4 and Xbox One versions, which I think become available today? Maybe just relative to sales to-date, how much of a lift could you get? And also, I wanted to ask how the next, say, ex-hundreds of millions of dollars of sales would be – would look from a margin perspective relative to that first $1 billion. Because I would assume that there is a lot less marketing and amortization running through in the second quarter and beyond. So, I just wanted to ask you about that as we think about profitability for the studio going forward. Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks Brian. We have a very good gaming business, with 11 different studios and a real talented capability. But the real differentiator for us as a company is we own our IP. And that IP belongs to us, and we are developing it. In some cases, we may decide to develop it with the third-party game technology company. But we may be the only media company that owns, whether it’s the DC Universe, Harry Potter, all the content that we own, Game of Thrones, that’s for us to deploy. And I think that’s particularly strategically important. Because if you look at Hogwarts Legacy, a big piece of the success of that game is you go into it. If you are a player, you go into that game and you are in that world, that’s kind of a new concept. Before it was really – it was gaming and it was storytelling. And now, I don’t – it’s very difficult to figure out what anyone’s definition for the metaverse is. But when we launch a product as a motion picture or a long-form story on Max or HBO, and then we have a game, that game belongs to us. But now there is this Tweener, which is it may be in the next couple of years that we launched our Superman movie. And then people spend more time and there is more economics of people just hanging out in the Superman world and universe. And the fact that we own all that is something that I think is going to be really important as we look for – whether with – as technology develops and given the amount of time people spend on gaming, we don’t want to be in the motion picture and story and long-form storytelling business and have somebody else in the business of hanging out in those worlds, because those worlds, I think are going to be quite profitable in the years ahead.
JB Perrette: And Brian, to the Hogwarts Legacy, obviously, the Gen 8 release that’s going out, you are right, today is important. I would say, obviously, those consoles are a much smaller base than the current generation consoles that we released back in February. So, it’s obviously a much smaller portion of the whole, but nonetheless important. I think the other big callout is obviously the Nintendo Switch release, which will come later this year. We see that as probably a much bigger installed base and a fan base that, as it relates to the franchise of Harry Potter, which obviously appeals to a very big audience globally and a more – and in markets like Japan where Nintendo has a big footprint and Harry Potter skews very strongly in terms of popularity, we see a much bigger upside probably from that release certainly than the Gen 8. So, that’s kind of how we see the rollout over the next few months.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And the margin profile, Brian, is not going to change materially. We will be a little lighter on marketing. Obviously, retail price points are a little lower, so from a gross margin perspective, a little bit of a headwind, but no material change.
Bryan Kraft: Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thanks. Two questions. So David, if you step back and think about the last year, where you – the heavy lifting is done, integration, the restructuring and now the focus is on operating and building your businesses, where do you see the most opportunity? And maybe you can touch on timing beyond the existing business. You touched on games, but I am sure there is a bigger business plan. FAST, you have mentioned in the past, you are talking about driving your franchises deeper. In animation, you just mentioned you hired ahead of animation. So – and that’s a huge driver for Universal. So, maybe if you could – maybe there is something I am missing. And then secondly, on sports, you kind of alluded to it coming to Max. I don’t know if you can say anything more about that. And maybe touch on the NBA, what do you think the timing is and ways to slice – are there ways to slice and dice the rates among the various players so that you ensure it’s a profitable contract in the next round?
David Zaslav: Yes, Jessica, there is – when we look at this business, you are exactly right, we reset the business for the future by looking at each company and saying what should this come – how should we be structured to have the best chance for sustainable growth in the – today. We took out a lot of layers. We built the new leadership team, but we still have a lot of the benefits that will be flowing through this year and next year. And we are still finding – we are still opening up some closets and stuff falls out, which I think is a good thing, more opportunity. And we have got some businesses that aren’t doing well. Warner Bros. turns 100, and they have had two of the worst years of – if you look back at Warner Bros., it was really just very difficult. Very difficult on every level in terms of what was turned out. And so we think we have turned the corner on that. We have got a very strong leadership team in place now. We got James, Gunn and Peter working very hard on DC, which is going to be a very big growth driver for this company. And so we are very bullish on DC. And the Superman script first draft is done, Gunn is – he is on the Mission from God. And I think it’s a really good moment for us to prove out on DC, what we got and how strong it is globally for long-term sustainable growth. We got some more movies coming up that are better. We have been working hard on fixing them and enhancing them and investing. We said no movie before its time. And with Barbie and Flash, we have two very good movies, June 2, very strong. And so I think the slate coming up now, that will make a big difference. We have lost a lot of money in the motion picture business and making that turn is important. Continuing to build on Max, and we haven’t done much with animation at this company. We own Hanna-Barbera, Looney Tunes. The – if you take a look at animation, it’s a critical – we have three animation studios and we don’t have a lot of production in terms of – it’s not productive in terms of free cash flow. It’s not productive in terms of market share. It’s not productive in terms of growth. And so driving that, and we now have a really strong leader. Our leadership team is in place. This was Formula One and we are dealing with a very difficult environment, and it’s raining and the track is wet and it’s a challenge. We have got a leadership team of racecar drivers here, in every case. And so we have got a lot of confidence in Mike and Pam on the Warner Bros. side. And the games business is just getting started, which I think is something that people didn’t really pay a lot of attention to. And maybe the most important portion is the fact that we have this great diversity of assets. It’s hard to predict what’s going to go on. But we have restructured this company now. We are really tight. We are really tight and we are continuing to figure out how do we drive productivity so we can invest more in storytelling. That’s all we do. And right now, it’s sort of – the environment is challenged, challenged, challenged. But as things start to pick up, and they will, in different areas and we can’t predict exactly when, you are going to see a very quick turn at this company. So, the idea that we can end this year, drive towards – to be less than 4x levered with a very tight cost structure, with command and control of this business, with strong brands that people love around the world, and then all of a sudden, things improve a little bit, and you will see an acceleration.
Andrew Slabin: NBA, yes.
David Zaslav: The NBA. Look, I just saw Adam two days ago at the Nick game. Go Nicks. Big night at the Garden. Wow, I have been waiting a long time for that one. And – we are doing a terrific job with the NBA. When you look at Barclay and Ernie and that team and Shack, the programming we were putting on, we are setting records with the NBA. We are setting records with hockey. We also have March Madness, where we did very well. We couldn’t do as well with the marketplace because sports is relatively strong, but sports used to be strong enough that it was also able to help you with the rest of the business. And that was happening for a long time. And the market was just quite soft, and so we are able to take advantage of the sport, but we weren’t able to take advantage of the piggyback halo. And I think that’s true in the industry. It just got more difficult. But between baseball playoffs, March Madness, hockey, we have long-term deals that are quite favorable to us. We like the NBA. The deals coming up in ‘25. There is lots of ways that could be re-conjugated. We did a very favorable deal in the UK with our BT Eurosport business, where we ended up with 90% of the football – the soccer games and Amazon got less than 10% of the Champions League games. We produce that content for Andy Jassy. And they promote to us, we promote to them. And the economics of that deal were very favorable for us. And so there is lots of ways to re-conjugate it. We like the NBA. We hope we can get there, but we are going to be very disciplined. We work very hard to build this company to drive profitability, to have a strong balance sheet, to provide real growth and real free cash flow. That’s the long-term sustainable nature of this great company, and we are not going to jeopardize that for any piece of IP.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: I would like to add one slightly less strategic, more operational point that, nonetheless, I think is super important, Jessica. And that is our – for the sake of the arguments, we are spending $20 billion of content. A lot of that still goes through siloed systems, still imperfect processes. And in many cases, still through a mindset that’s very business unit-oriented. So, I have no doubt we are in the very early innings of looking at this as one Warner Bros. Discovery content. But we talked a lot about the stuff that we discontinued because it didn’t make sense financially. I think the opposite is true as well. I think the company also passed on very, very interesting and attractive investment opportunities just because some – and our company budget wasn’t in place or so. All of that is going to change. We will get much better in allocating capital as a company. And we will get much better in the day-to-day operational management of spending of that cash. We just harmonized those processes and centralized those teams that were all fragmented. So, looking at that, the ROI on our capital, in the ballpark of $20 billion, hopefully growing over the next few years, is set to improve, and I have full conviction in that.
David Zaslav: When we talk about a marketing campaign, one of the things to bear in mind is we are using our platforms now. That wasn’t happening in – we are really hyper focused. As I have said, on many nights now, we are getting 48%, 45%, close to 50% of all viewership, broadcast, cable. On any given night, we have 25% to 30% of viewership on the platform. And using that, using Bleacher and House of Highlights, which has a very young demo, using cnn.com. So, yes, we are – the campaigns are bigger. But we are one company, and so the ability to promote on HBO and our own platforms is a big savings. It’s a big savings for us internationally, and we are deploying it.
Andrew Slabin: Great. Let’s go to the last question, please.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Matthew Thornton with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Matthew Thornton: Hey. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe a couple on Max, if I could. Could you update us just how you are thinking about migration later this month, just in terms of any friction as folks go from one app to the next? Latest thoughts on any potential friction there and how you are managing that. Secondly, you talked about the overlap of Discovery+ users that also have HBO Max, what about those that don’t and how you are attacking and trying to up-sell those to the more – the higher price point Max service? Any color there? And then just a final one, just I think this was mentioned on a prior question, but any thoughts around FAST here, just how to think about FAST here around Max, help drive top of funnel, help drive advertising, help monetize deep library? Any incremental updated color there would be great as well. Thanks so much.
JB Perrette: Yes. Thanks Matthew. Just on the migration point first, a couple of things. Number one is, remember, there has been no change in the billing process. So, as it relates to revenue, there is no change and there is no migration as it relates to billings. So, revenue and billing continues to be exactly the same irrespective of whether somebody has actually “migrated”, i.e., accepted the new app or downloaded the new app if they need to. Number two is, as we said at the April 12th event, there is a large portion of the base that we will have to do absolutely nothing, where the app will automatically convert. And upon streaming again, you will have accepted the terms of use and you will be off and running. For the portion of the base that actually has to download the re-download, we have done everything we can to make it as seamless as possible, including not having to input – basically be two clicks to get to the – to streaming again your video content. You have no need to – your user name, password will be migrated, your watch list. All your history will be migrated. And so we try to make everything as possible. Now, inevitably in these processes, you are going to find some friction. But we think it’s fairly limited in terms of the subscriber risk associated to the migration. And so we feel very good going into it. We have tested it. We are all ready for the migration. And the flip side is on then switching to the Discovery+. As Gunnar said, we do see about 4 million subs largely in the U.S., but there is some of that internationally as well that overlap between the two services. And obviously, we are going to be doing everything we can to up-sell those that are not subscribed. But as we said again, the flip side is we are not going to be too in their face about it. At the end of the day, if people want to stay subscriber of Discovery+ and that’s the environment they prefer, that business by itself is profitable and we will continue to maintain it and serve them there. But we will over time, initially through marketing efforts, try and see if we can get them to come in and sample it. We will have offers that incentivize them to sample it for some period of time at favorable economics. And we will see how successful we can be in upgrading them. Oh, on FAST. So, look, on FAST, we always believe in a – what we call, a hybrid strategy, which is ultimately, first and foremost, kind of what we call channel syndication, which is ultimately, we realize that the platforms and the distributors out there, there are many who have the scale and the size, and we want to get our channel portfolio out there and viewed. And since it’s an audience aggregation and advertising business, we have already gotten out with Roku and Tubi. And we have been very pleased with the initial success with a very small, but a handful of channels that were out there already. We will continue to look to see if we can increase that volume, to your point, for a second, third, fourth monetization windows for certain content. And then we are continuing to explore the owned and operated strategy. And at some point in time, longer term, we do see this opportunity for this WB TV brand and platform to exist in an owned and operated environment. I think at some point, that will be dovetailed with the state of the advertising business and we want to make sure we come to market at the right time when the demand is sufficient. But we will continue to execute this hybrid strategy of syndicated channels initially. And then over time, at the right time, launch our own service.
Andrew Slabin: Great. I think that’s it. Thank you very much for joining. And we will speak with you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Additionally, please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President of Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may now begin.
Andrew Slabin : Good afternoon, and welcome to Warner Bros. Discovery's Q4 Earnings Call. With me today is David Zaslav, President and CEO; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our CFO; and JB Perrette, CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that today's conference call will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include comments regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see the company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, the company's most recent annual report on Form 10-K and its reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K. A copy of our Q4 earnings release, trending schedule and accompanying slide deck is available on our website at ir.wbd.com. And with that, I am pleased to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav : Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We've been hard at work since our last call and look forward to updating you on our progress. First, let me say, this promises to be a very exciting year for our company. We took bold decisive action over the last 10 months and the bulk of our restructuring is behind us. We have full command and control of our business, and we are one company now. We have a fantastic leadership team moving us forward, everyone rowing in the same direction. And together, we are focused on making our businesses better and stronger. Last year was a year of restructuring. 2023 will be a year of building and off we go. In today's increasingly dynamic and a crowded media environment, the best hand has great storytelling IP, brilliant creatives, a full slate of production and distribution capabilities, and broad global reach that stretches across premium, pay TV, free-to-air, theatrical, streaming, licensing and gaming, the entirety of the ecosystem, and that is exactly the hand that we have, and we intend to play it decisively and with a focus on free cash flow and an eye towards sustainable future growth. Warner Bros. Discovery is a storytelling company and we are very fortunate to have a huge share of the most beloved and globally recognized storytelling IP in the world, including Harry Potter, Game of Thrones, Superman, Batman, Lord of the Rings, and we intend to take full advantage of these one-of-a-kind franchises across our various platforms. In all that we do, we are guided by three strategic pillars. We want to tell the best stories, share them with the broadest audience possible, and we do that by working together as 1 team, 1 company. The decisions we've made and the strategies we've set in motion 10 months ago have created a solid foundation and we're starting to see strong momentum. It's working. In an increasingly challenging environment, we were able to deliver over $3.3 billion of reported free cash flow in 2022, a healthy conversion, notwithstanding significant merger and integration-related expenses. Gunnar and the team are laser-focused on driving transformation throughout the organization, supporting our ability to further generate real free cash flow. Gunnar will take you through all of the financials in our outlook, but I'm very pleased that we see our net leverage clearly below 4x by the end of this year, below 4x by the end of this year. It's working. On direct-to-consumer, we are making meaningful progress on our goal to achieve real profitability in streaming, a key and powerful segment of our company. We brought our losses down considerably and are even more confident in the financial targets we laid out a few quarters ago. We reduced EBITDA losses by $500 million year-over-year to $200 million in Q4, supported by 1.1 million net sub adds in the quarter. And most importantly, we saw improvement across key KPIs. More on this from Gunnar in a minute, but I'm pleased with the trend line we see in Q1, particularly as we are managing towards close to breakeven segment EBITDA in the quarter. Consistent with what we told you last August, we are getting ready to launch our combined streaming service here in the U.S. in a few months with Latin America to follow later this year and markets in EMEA and APAC in '24. The product will offer compelling content for every member of the household. SVOD and ad-lite tiers and a significantly enhanced product platform to drive better performance, improved user experience and stronger engagement. We're excited about the upcoming launch of the [ENHANZE] product and look forward to sharing more details at a press event on April 12. In the meantime, we completed a new distribution agreement that puts HBO Max back on Amazon Prime video channels. And on the traditional side, we renewed agreements representing 30% of our U.S. affiliate revenues. And we're able to align our networks on a coterminous basis with these distributors. We also signed fast content deals with Roku and Tubi, adding to these popular platforms, hundreds of our TV shows and movies, while maximizing the reach and overall value of our content. It's working. And our new studio heads are hard at work putting their unmatched creative stamp on our future slate. We believe strongly in the importance of the motion picture window and having that shared experience with other people. I'll talk more about that in a minute. This year, we celebrate the storied Warner Bros. Studios 100th anniversary with a deepened commitment to telling quality, diverse stories, with the power to entertain, inspire, and when we are at our best, impact or even change the culture. And we are excited for Mike and Pam to lead the studio into its next chapter, which in 2023, will see output more than double. Today, I'm thrilled to announce that Mike and Pam signed a deal to make multiple Lord of the Rings movies. Lord of the Rings is one of the most iconic storytelling franchises of all time and we're so excited. Stay tuned for more to come on this front. A few weeks ago, James and Peter rolled out Phase I of their highly anticipated multiyear plan for DC Studios across film, television and animation with 5 films and 5 television series already in the works, the new era for DC under a single creative vision is in full swing, and we are especially eager to thrill fans with new Superman and Batman movies in 2025. There hasn't been a stand-alone Superman movie in a decade. This is some of the most recognized and beloved storytelling IP in the world, and we're excited to tell even more of those stories. We're also excited for the release of 4 DC films this year, starting with Shazam in 2 weeks and followed by The Flash, which James Gunn called 1 of the greatest superhero movies ever made, a masterpiece. I saw it and loved it. It's a wow. I can't wait for The Flash to hit the theaters in June. We're also thrilled by what we're seeing coming out of our games business, which represents a core part of our overall strategy. As the only studio scaled in gaming, we see it as a meaningful differentiator with substantial opportunity. With the successful launch of Hogwarts Legacy 2 weeks ago, we reimagined 1 of the biggest global franchises in the world. The game was 1 of the most highly anticipated of 2023. And consistent with our overall commitment to great storytelling, we delayed the launch to get it right. And the response from consumers has been overwhelmingly positive. We've already seen more than $850 million in retail sales, and we still have more platforms launching over the next few months. And there's lots more to come including the highly anticipated Mortal Combat 12 and Suicide Squad - Kill The Justice League, games also set for release this year with ambitious launch projections. We have a great hand and we're doing a lot right. That said, there's still more that we need to get right and we are hard at work. To that end, linear ad sales is a top priority at the moment, particularly as we balance both cyclical headwinds and ongoing secular challenges, much of which we've dealt with for the last several years. It was a heavy lift to bring 2 teams together, notwithstanding the economy being what it was, and we are now drilling down on all facets of the business. We've contended with recent share shifts away from our portfolio during the NFL and College Football season and the World Cup. And we are still in the early stages of bringing this comprehensive portfolio together and harnessing all that it can deliver. I'm confident that we will get there, particularly with some of the operational and content-driven initiatives implemented by Kathleen Finch and her team. They have great plans to revitalize the nets and have also begun to use our exceptional library of film and television content in a way that will benefit our linear and cable networks. We are also advantaged by the fact that our U.S. networks average 30% of all nightly cable viewers in the key 25 to 54 demo. And there are times when our share is significantly higher with marquee events, such as March Madness and the MLB and NBA playoffs. On the news side, we are fighting hard and making real progress. CNN stands as a premier global news organization, and we wanted to be the place for fact-based reporting and thoughtful discourse that is broader than politics and sport. We are already seeing a more inclusive range of voices and viewpoints, as demonstrated last month, when over 70 Republicans came on our air during their Congressional speaker election process, a first in a very long time, and we intend to continue advancing on this balanced strategy. Chris Licht and the team are focused on building an asset for the long term across cable and digital that is worthy of that great global brand. We must get it right. Nowhere is this more important in my view, and it isn't going to happen overnight, and I believe we are on the right path. The efforts ongoing enterprise-wide are helping to turn the flywheel and grow and improve our businesses, and we see so much opportunity ahead. We continue to be the place creators are choosing to bring their visions to life. In recent weeks, we signed new deals with a number of the most prolific and celebrated creatives in the industry, including Greg Berlanti, Baz Luhrmann, M. Night Shyamalan, Akiva Goldsman and Zach Cregger with more to come. Warner Bros. Television Group has more than 110 shows currently in production across our own platforms as well as third-party broadcast, cable and streaming outlets, including Emmy Winners, Ted Lasso and Abbott Elementary. Young Sheldon, network TV's #1 comedy. The Voice, the #1 most watched unscripted show on network TV. And the newest hits, Night Court on NBC and Shrinking on Apple TV. I believe Warner Bros. TV is the greatest quality maker of content in the world. We're committed to creating shows that people really want to watch, and they also want to experience them with other people. That is exactly what we see happening at HBO. HBO has never been stronger and is firing on all cylinders behind the recent successes of HBO Originals, Euphoria, House of the Dragon, White Lotus, and our newest mega hit, The Last Of Us. These shows have averaged as many as 20 million viewers in episode with strong week-over-week growth. The Last Of Us, for example, grew its Sunday premier night viewership by about 1 million with each episode over the first 4 weeks. And after just 5 weeks, an astounding 35 million people have watched episode 1. These are huge numbers, particularly in today's day and age of binge viewing, when there is so much content to choose rooms. And it all stems from great storytelling. Again, creating shows that people want to watch. It reminds me of my time at NBC when Thursday Night was must-see TV. Those shows had a supersized effect on people and culture. And back then, you had to watch the show on Thursday night. Today, with direct-to-consumer, more and more people are joining the party. That's the power of streaming. And HBO is streaming's new must-see TV with all of its cultural impact and excitement. Every week, a new episode comes out and by the time the next one airs a week later, tens of millions of people have watched the last episode. Social media explodes and people are calling their family and friends to talk about what they saw. This phenomenon can go for eight, 10-plus weeks for each series. That's the power of curation. We believe that when you have content that is so good that it hits the gist. The best way to drive interest and engagement is not by dropping the entire season on a platform all at once, but by allowing the buzz and anticipation to build over time. And it's the same principle with theatrical, perceived value of content increases when there's a great expectancy and excitement. People want to be part of something. And when you tell them a great story and they get to experience it with others, either in a packed theater or on a Sunday night, it really is magic. At Warner Bros. Discovery, we believe we have the strongest hand in the industry, with the most complete portfolio of assets and globally renowned franchises, personalities and storytelling IP, across sports, news, nonfiction and entertainment, in virtually every region of the globe and in every language. We have an exceptional leadership team that is truly aligned across a common set of strategic, operational and financial goals and metrics. We have the largest maker and seller of content in the world, and while we've got lots more to do, we are increasingly seeing positive traction and strong proof points. For us, 2023 is a year of building. We are more confident than ever that we have the right strategy to be successful and ultimately achieve our goal of being the greatest media and entertainment company in the world. With that, I'll turn it over to Gunnar, and he'll walk you through the financials for the quarter.
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Thank you, David. The fourth quarter marked the end of a first and very defining chapter for Warner Bros. Discovery in which we took some pivotal initial steps. Among them, the integration and repositioning of our global finance organization through which we implemented a number of initiatives to drive efficiency and better support the company's long-term sustainable growth. We've accomplished a significant amount in 2022, and I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the entire finance team for their persistence and resolve in working through these very difficult but necessary first steps, which has resulted in greater command, control and precision across the enterprise and laid the foundation on which we are positioning the company. This is in part a function of a successfully executed synergy program and ongoing continuous improvement efforts. With respect to these initiatives, we are working on a total potential opportunity of $5 billion over the next few years. That is what we're tracking in our system today, specific initiatives with associated direct financial impact, responsible owner and detailed milestone plans. Naturally, and as I have said before, not all of these initiatives will come to fruition or get realized to the full extent, but this represents a significant pipeline for us as components of both near-term cost out and longer-term continuous improvement. And to that end, we are now confident in a path to at least $4 billion of savings largely addressable through 2024, representing an increase of $500 million over our prior estimate. Through the end of 2022, we've already realized over $1 billion of synergy, inclusive of a couple of hundred million dollars of course-corrective measures that we undertook early after launching Warner Bros. Discovery in April last year. We are laser-focused on delivering against our high-level strategic, operational and financial targets, and the three pillars that comprise our core principles. And as we look to 2023, my near-term key financial priorities remain: number one, delivering against our synergy and transformation targets where we are managing towards an incremental $2 billion of cost capture in 2023 and the larger opportunity I mentioned previously. Number two, partnering with our business leaders to embrace a more rigorous analytical framework through which capital allocation decisions will be viewed, particularly as we refine how our content is monetized and windowed. Echoing some of what David said, the leadership team is ever more aligned on strategic decision-making that benefits the company as a whole versus one segment or another and is incentivized as such. I believe we've barely begun to scratch the surface in terms of the potential here, and I'm excited about the benefits as this cascades throughout the organization. Number three, evaluating capital allocation opportunities with rigor, so that we can both achieve near-term efficiency and enhance long-term asset value and growth. Number four, driving overall efficiency and free cash flow conversion towards our near-term goal of 1/3 to 1/2 conversion of adjusted EBITDA with longer-term upside towards our 60% goal. Naturally, we are laser-focused on delevering the balance sheet, where I see net leverage very comfortably inside of 4x by the end of 2023 and reiterate our prior guidance to be within the investment grade range by mid-2024 and within our gross leverage target of 2.5x to 3x by the end of 2024. I am proud of what we achieved in 2022 against the targets we set out in the summer and against an increasingly challenging environment in the second half of the year, and I'm proud of the momentum we have built exiting the year. Turning to the quarter, I'd like to quickly take you through some of the puts and takes impacting performance. Given we're still in the first year following the closing of our acquisition, I will discuss the P&L impact on a pro forma ex-FX basis. Starting with the Studio segment. As expected, performance was negatively impacted by lower TV licensing revenues against a very tough comp last year, something we’ll face again in the first quarter of 2023. Games & Home entertainment faced difficult year-over-year comps as well due to last year's COVID-induced tailwind for library content. In addition to less activity in home entertainment, given the leaner theatrical release schedule in 2022, which was very much a result of deliberate decisions we made about specific titles and overall release dates. Partially offsetting revenue headwinds were lower content expenses, distribution fees and marketing costs. Looking ahead within the Studio, 2023 will be a pivotal year, particularly behind our larger and broader release slates at both Warner Bros. Pictures and DC, not to mention a wonderful start with Hogwarts Legacy on the game side. Turning to Networks. Revenue decreased 6% as global advertising revenues declined 14% and distribution revenues decreased 2%. Adjusted EBITDA decreased 7% as revenue declines were partially offset by lower content expenses as well as lower personnel and marketing costs, in part reflecting our cost synergy efforts. Clearly, as we have pointed out as a key risk since the summer, underlying advertising trends, particularly in the U.S., have continued to soften through the fourth quarter, and that was further exacerbated by general entertainment audience declines. While visibility remains limited, we are seeing revenue trends very modestly improving sequentially in certain pockets. And while this is indeed encouraging, we're hesitant to forecast any meaningful near-term revenue improvement. International markets continue to perform relatively better, stronger markets such as Poland and Italy were in part offset by weaknesses in the UK, Nordics and certain Latin American countries. And while we are comping the Winter Olympic Games in Q1, which we expect will account for roughly 100 basis point headwind to our global advertising growth rate, we see underlying international trends modestly improving. Though like in the U.S., we're being mindful about overall visibility in regional, macro and political influences. Distribution revenues on the whole were impacted primarily by subscriber declines in the U.S. and lower affiliate rates in certain European countries, while larger contractual rate increases in the U.S. and premium sports packages in Latin America helped to offset part of this impact. Importantly, we successfully completed affiliate renegotiations, which accounted for more than 30% of U.S. distribution revenues and which brought our portfolio together coterminously. An important reference point for the value of our combined portfolio of networks to our distribution partners. I'm especially happy about the development in our D2C segment, where we delivered a marked improvement across a number of key operational KPIs leading to a healthy sequential improvement to financial performance. Moreover, the exit rate coming out of the fourth quarter lends confidence in continued very strong financial performance thus far in Q1 and into our soon-to-be relaunched D2C offering. Casey and the team continue to fuel critical and audience acclaimed with globally resident content, driving improvements in engagement and churn, which is setting up a nice tailwind into the relaunch. Q4 revenue growth of 6% against the 12% decrease in combined operating expenses led to a significantly reduced EBITDA loss of roughly $200 million, a $500-plus million improvement year-over-year, notwithstanding a largely content-driven 6% increase in cost of revenue. Global core subscribers increased 1.1 million sequentially and 10 million year-on-year, while global ARPU increased as well modestly to $7.58. This doesn't yet reflect the $1 price increase on the ad-free retail tier in the U.S. that was implemented in January and which has been digested quite well. Moreover, we're analyzing our pricing strategy in a number of key international markets, particularly in LatAm, where we believe our service has significant pricing upside. Based on the traction we are seeing across the broad spectrum of operational and financial KPIs, we expect segment EBITDA to be more or less breakeven in Q1, which implies another $500 million improvement year-over-year, roughly in line with the improvement seen in Q4. Naturally, our domestic relaunch of the combined product offering in the spring will result in a sequential step-up in P&L investments in Q2 behind a requisite increase in marketing spend support and premier content launches. However, we remain very enthused about the trend line here, and I have greater and greater confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term segment targets of breakeven in the U.S. in 2024 and $1 billion of profitability in 2025 globally. And we continue to track above our internal plans. Turning to consolidated results and free cash flow. Q4 revenues decreased 9% year-over-year, while adjusted EBITDA decreased 2%, helped by a reduction in consolidated SG&A by 22%, a bit more than we guided to. Currency was an approximate $100 million headwind to EBITDA for the quarter and near $200 million headwind for the full year. A year-over-year increase in corporate expenses were due to a number of factors, almost exclusively related to external market factors such as an incremental $120 million related to underlying rates on our securitization facility. We generated $2.5 billion of free cash flow in Q4, bringing the reported full year free cash flow to $3.3 billion. Note that merger and integration-related cash costs totaled nearly $150 million in Q4 and nearly $800 million for the year, in addition to a nearly $350 million headwind from securitization and factoring since the closing of the deal in early April. The sequential improvement in Q4 free cash flow versus Q3 was the result of greater EBITDA, the timing of interest payments on acquisition debt and some first improvements from working capital initiatives. We repaid $1 billion of debt during Q4, bringing the total debt repaid since the closing of the transaction to $7 billion, and we ended the quarter with $49.5 billion gross debt and nearly $4 billion of cash on hand, implying net leverage just below 5x. Turning to the total company EBITDA outlook. Reiterating my earlier point, I'm very pleased with where we ended the year and encouraged with our ability to balance choppy macro tides with success in repositioning the company for future growth. I remain very optimistic about the range of potential outcomes in 2023 and beyond. These outcomes will reflect an incremental $2 billion of synergy and transformation efficiency capture, while additional puts and takes to consider include positive revenue inflection in D2C, the broader release slate at Warner Bros. Pictures and Games, balanced by cyclical advertising headwinds. We expect 2023 pro forma adjusted EBITDA to be in the low to mid $11 billion range, representing growth of low to mid-20%, against pro forma adjusted EBITDA of $9.2 billion in 2022. We continue to expect to convert 1/3 to half of EBITDA into free cash flow, as I stated earlier, with the key determinants and drivers of growth being the magnitude of EBITDA, net cash content spend, the impact of working capital initiatives, and the timing and magnitude of a trend change in the advertising market. We do expect the cash cost to achieve synergy and transformation efforts will be around the higher end of our $1 billion to $1.5 billion guide given the expanded synergy target, some of which possibly hitting in 2024. With respect to the cadence of free cash flow, as is historically the case for both legacy Discovery and WarnerMedia, Q1 free cash flow will represent the low point for the year given the timing of sports rights payments, timing of content outlays and cash interest payments on a large portion of the acquisition debt. Accordingly, we expect free cash flow in the first quarter to be negative. The long-term earnings and free cash flow generation potential of this company are stronger than ever, particularly after having taken some courageous and crucial first steps this past year. We are committed to continue executing our strategic initiatives to drive top line performance and with much repositioning behind us, we are beginning to fully lean into the opportunities ahead of us. As always, we are not managing this company for short-term financial performance, but rather with the next 100 years of this vibrant creative organization in mind. With that, I'd now like to turn it back to the operator, and David, JB and I will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich : So David, as you said, '22 was a year of really heavy lifting and you had challenges really in every division, whether it was film, advertising, CNN, et cetera -- I mean, macro, et cetera, D2C. As you look out to '23, I think Gunnar kind of touched on some of the potential tailwinds, but it sounds like you're walking away from close to $12 billion in EBITDA to maybe low to mid-$11 billion in EBITDA. I'm just wondering if you can talk about some of these assumptions. Clearly, you still have some macro challenges, but what could go right? What's in there for upside, which is something that you didn't really talk about that much, but it's new? And on the potential for the balance sheet, the balance sheet improvement is very encouraging. Does that include any potential asset sales like nonstrategic asset sales? You have so many hidden assets within the company. Is there -- what are you considering?
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Thank you, Jessica. Let me start with the second question. The guidance does not include any asset sales. There are some opportunities that I'm looking at below deck as we say, but none of that would be baked into this leverage guidance. And on the 2023…
David Zaslav : Non-strategic…
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. And on the 2023 outlook, look, it's early in the year. And there's a number of uncertainties as you wouldn't be surprised to hear. And I'm very, very glad that we put out some targets in the summer of last year, and we were able to hit those targets. We're putting these targets here out for 2023 with the same mindset that we want to hit or outperform that guidance. We've gone through a couple of the puts and takes here. The biggest unknown continues to be in the ad sales environment. We have a lot of points to be very excited about. We're going to be releasing 12 films, 6 games. One of them is off to a very good start. So a lot to be looking forward to. We're excited about JV's product relaunch in the second quarter, but those are uncertain factors that's very early in the year. And I'm not taking anything off the table here, but I just want to be realistic as well about what we're seeing today.
David Zaslav: And we hit this year with a full leadership team in place. We met with 186 of the top leaders in -- for a week in early January. This is one team now. Everybody has a strategic focus on improving free cash flow, market share for each of the businesses. We have command and control of each of the businesses. And I think our diversity, we have all these different assets that have -- that are different. Some are advertiser-driven. The gaming business is all consumer product driven. And I think that diversity is strength.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Morris with Guggenheim Partners.
Michael Morris : Appreciate all the information you just shared. I'd like to ask about advertising trends you're seeing and maybe kind of advance this discussion a bit more. Really trying to understand how much of the ad impact that you're seeing is kind of coming from the macro environment? How much do you feel like is more reflective of some of the underlying trends that just have to do with ratings declines or core cutting and those types of trends? If you could share your view on those two impacts, that would be very helpful. And my second question is about this pending relaunch MAX product. Is there any of your content that's definitely off the table to be included in that service? And so I think of the investments that you make in live sports content on Turner, live content on CNN, are those types of things definitely are or they structurally not able to be put on the service? Or is that something that might fuel that service?
David Zaslav : Let me start with the second. In addition to all of our entertainment and nonfiction, we do have all of our news and sports. And that gives us real optionality in terms of nourishing audience for growth and for reduction in churn and for overall price value. We'll do a full presentation on April 12, which will lay out this significantly improved product, the launch, what will be on it. J.B., anything to add to that?
Jean-Briac Perrette : No. I think the focus right now is obviously continuing to on the expanded entertainment offering, and we think the complementary of the HBO Max and Discovery+ entertainment offering is significant and will be a major step forward for consumers, who are looking for simplified number of choices, more breadth of options in terms of content all in 1 place and for good value. That's what we're looking to primarily deliver. But as David said, we've got sports and news that today are really untapped in the streaming world, and those are optionality for what we might be willing to do in the future, and we'll share more of that on the 12th with you with more detail.
David Zaslav : And in fact, we're -- we use news and sports quite effectively in Europe, and we've learned a lot about when it does work and when it doesn't. On the advertising side, it's kind of a complex answer. I'll just take a swing at it, Gunnar, you can follow. The market is -- the macro environment is very challenging. It's significantly better outside the U.S. right now, which is a surprise. The sentiment is not terrific. The scatter market overall is very slow, I would say, steady to maybe a little bit better than it was in the fourth quarter. But the digital inventory, which really held up in the fourth quarter has also softened. We have an unusual situation. On the one hand, we have tremendous breadth with live news, live sports, entertainment, nonfiction, a tremendous share and reach. Having said that, we closed this deal right before the upfront, and we're first bringing our teams together. We've effectively done that now, but we had to take two different sales teams and pull them together. So I think that I'm hyper-focused on this, meeting once a week with the team, but getting our stride as a new working team, and I feel like we're starting to get some momentum on that. We also made a decision in the upfront to drive price rather than extra volume. And I believe in that, having been in this business for 30 years, I think in order to really drive asset value, you need to drive price. And we were able in the upfront to drive price significantly more than all of our peers. But in order to do that, we took less volume than we could have. And now you see a very soft scatter market. So that is having some impact on us versus others that were -- that took a much bigger position in the upfront. Having said that, as we face this next upfront, which is coming up in two months, I think the breadth of our content together with where we go in on price, positions us very well. And so we'll keep in mind this balance of volume versus price. But I always would err toward price, because I think that's where you really build asset value. And we've also introduced digital advertising on HBO, which advertisers are very excited about being able to be in these marquee shows. And we're doing it in a very tasteful way by putting it on the very front end. Gunnar?
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Yes. No, the only thing I would add is from the perspective of cyclical versus secular, there's no doubt. I mean, pot levels in the industry, I think, were down 14% in the quarter. Arguably, we've done a little worse than that, partly driven by the scheduling or the sports schedules that David mentioned a couple of minutes ago. But I also think we're very well positioned to grow from here. Kathleen is doing a lot of work, getting the enormous value of our library on screen. We've got some tests going on and it's very early, but some of the numbers that are coming in are looking exciting. She's also restructured the team with development-focused doers, who are running this portfolio as one integrated portfolio. And we've got a time-tested approach to cross promotion, and we're adjusting that right now to the larger portfolio and the larger number of assets that we're promoting. We were able to put that to work behind some of cases launches, behind some of our film launches. And we're seeing some real opportunity here. So I think we're very well positioned. In terms of the market itself, it's -- as I've said before, it's not a good environment. We do see the weekly bookings right now ticking up slightly if you compare January and February with maybe the November, December timeframe, looking a little better; retail, fast food, entertainment, a little better; telecom, small, but coming back; but then you've got other areas like technology is still completely depressed. So again, as I said, a similar picture with more diversity. International, some areas actually trending up now, others still difficult. It's just too early to really call a trend change here.
David Zaslav : Though we are assuming that things will get better in the second half.
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Yes. We're assuming that. And I have no doubt that when the market turns, we're going to be in a very, very good position to capture that upswing as well, especially, as David mentioned, with more inventory on the digital side becoming available here, which last year was sort of a limiting factor for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.
Brett Feldman : There's been an increasing discussion recently about what the right general entertainment content strategy supposed to be for media companies as your models continue to pivot and become more streaming-centric. We've heard the word curated. I think you used it during your script. You also hear a bigger discussion around how you decide when something should be exclusive to your platforms and when maybe you should be licensing. So I was hoping you could just give us your most updated thoughts, so we kind of have that framework for assessing the new product when you rolled out on April 12.
David Zaslav : Thank Sure. Well, one of the big advantages that we have, Brett, is that we have this diversity of content. And as we think about where we put content, as Casey looked at HBO, we were able to see which content are people spending time watching, what content is really powerful to us in terms of reducing churn. And then there was a lot of content that just wasn't being viewed. And so we were able, in many ways, to Monday morning quarterback. That's what led us to the conclusion that direct to streaming movies were providing really no value to us. And so -- which -- where we pivoted and said we were going pushing to move all of our films back out with real windows in order to optimize those products. So we're excited about the fact that we're going to take all of the Discovery content and put it together with the HBO Max content in a much better platform. But the key to this company is, as a storytelling company, we have this diversity. We have storytelling and games with Hogwarts, which is really off to a tremendous start for us. We have Channing and her team right now with the #1 or #2 show on almost every platform in America where we're selling to all of our -- to our peers in the business. And then we have the ability to pick from all of these different baskets to build really what may be most important for us, which is a successful and profitable streaming business. That HBO Max, whatever we call it on the launch, is a product that we take around the world and that has a real impact on how people consume content. We believe in it because we believe we have the best menu of content, the best portfolio, the best quality. And we're curating now in a way that's having an impact on America. And so I think that is key to us in terms of building the long-term strength. But the other key is that we have the largest TV and motion picture library and we're the biggest producer of quality content in the world. And so selling that to drive free cash flow and to nourish the overall segment, so that we, as a media segment, can be successful is important.
Brett Feldman : In answering that question, you reiterated something you'd said before, which was an intent to fold the Discovery content into the new product. There have been some media reports a few weeks ago that you were going to actually keep Discovery as a standalone product. Is that something you're able to comment on now?
David Zaslav : Just simply that for those that have Discovery right now, the churn is very low and it's profitable, Discovery+. Many of those people are going to want to move up to a bigger product, more robust with a bigger offering. For those that are happy paying $5 or $7 and having home, food, Discovery and own type content. Our strategy is no sub left behind. We have profitable subscribers that are very happy with the product offering of Discovery+, why would we shut that off. And it is shared -- the platform itself for Discovery+ will be a shared platform. So we have a best -- we have all this work that we've done to build this platform will be taken, so that to the benefit of all of our subscribers on all of our different products.
Gunnar Wiedenfels : And Brett, just to be clear, the Discovery content would still be available on the bigger relaunched combined product. No question about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne : Two questions. David, if James and his DC strategy is successful, which I'm sure is your expectation, what does that mean for the company overall over the long term? Obviously, successful films will help your Studio segment earnings. But -- and I know it's a tough question to put numbers around. But just as you think about the impact of DC sort of fully realizing the opportunity over the next 5-plus years, what could that mean to Warner Bros. Discovery and sort of the earnings power of the organization? And then, Gunnar, you sound very bullish and confident on the D2C targets, the $1 billion of EBITDA in '25. Can you talk a little bit about the revenue outlook for D2C? You had 6% growth this quarter, a lot of that from advertising and content, but do you need revenue growth to accelerate in order to deliver that $1 billion? Maybe help us think about the levers you have and your expectations around top line over the next few years?
David Zaslav : Thanks, Ben. Well, look, we were laser-focused on building this DC 10-year plan. James was writing Superman. We're spending time with him and Peter and he had a vision for DC that we are all in on and believe in. He presented that to you and the press about a month ago. It's 1 of the biggest value creation opportunities for us. I think it could and should be huge because it wasn't being pushed on. If you look at D.C., Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings, and then you take a look at Warner as a company without those three, okay? It's -- those three of the tentpole products that when someone's at dinner anywhere in the world, and they look at their watch at 8:00 and you mention Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings. In every country, they'll leave dinner and they got to go home to view that product that they love. It gives a huge advantage with those tent poles. And so we are a storytelling company. But we -- I believe that we have an overwhelming advantage in the marketplace with the IP that we own, but to take -- to get that advantage, we have to create great content with that IP. So that storytelling IP. We haven't done a Superman movie in 10 years. We haven't done new Harry Potter content in over a decade. And Lord of the Rings, which is a fantastic franchise, Andy Jassy was pushing on it at Amazon with a lot of success, but we own those movie rights. And so we want to optimize that as a unified strategy for the company. And we take that across film, TV and even to sell to third parties, because we have something, we have a treasury that no one else has. And for us, DC alone will be -- could and should be a game changer. And I think there was a lot left on the table. We got to take those swings. We got some of the best creatives in the industry right now focused on those swings.
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Yes. And Ben, on the D2C question, let me start with the revenue side of it. We definitely are planning for an inflection on the revenue side. Keep one thing in mind, the entire last year was impacted by this headwind from coming off of Amazon. And we've lapped that now, and we're seeing some growth now. We will always be a little lower maybe than sort of a pure-play D2C product just because of the HBO linear trends that are baked into our revenue number. We'll definitely -- we're definitely planning for revenue improvement. And then on the cost side, all of the trends are pointing in the right direction. We see better engagement, better churn, which makes marketing efficiencies come up. We've rightsized the content investments. And we have high hopes for all of these metrics after the combined product launches to further improve. And later down the road, we're also obviously going to start looking at new market launches, again.
Jean-Briac Perrette : The only other thing I'd add, Ben, is for us, it's not just a question of subscriber scaling. Yes, that's one important ingredient. So we do see subscriber scale as one part of the revenue growth story. We see price as a very important second part. Internationally, as I've said before, we look at our pricing is significantly under where we think the market is. We see churn as a third important variable that historically has been relatively higher on the HBO Max product that with the two products coming together, that ultimately coming down is important. And then obviously, with the new product, we just look at some of the features that we're going to be rolling out and some of the improved and enhancements from a performance standpoint in the product at a much higher engagement, which will help both our ad-lite monetization, including, as David mentioned earlier, the fact that we're now putting ads and all the content on HBO Max as opposed to just some of the content on HBO Max, all those will be part of the revenue drivers in addition to obviously having the rights like we talked about before, for all of our sports in the U.S. and news content eventually that could also help us drive further scale and pricing in the years ahead.
Operator: Our next question SP1 Comes from Robert Fishman with SVB MoffettNathanson.
Robert Fishman : I have one for David and then one for J.B. or Gunnar. First for David, as part of the upcoming D2C relaunch, can you just talk a little bit about how you plan to balance protecting the HBO brand while at the same time, leaning on the HBO premium content to help drive the new service going forward? And then for Gunnar or JB, can you maybe just expand upon your fast strategy and why you chose to do the deal with Roku and Tubi and maybe how that might impact the launch or timing of your own fast service?
David Zaslav : Sure. Look, the symmetry of the Discovery+ content, which is heavily viewed for hours a day, mostly during the day and infringe against the HBO content, which is watched more, Discovery+ maybe more passively, HBO, more with family, that the more research we do, the more we look at it, the more we think these fit together very well with appealing content to everybody in the family. And so we're feeling more and more confident about that. On the 12th, we'll lay out to you, we have a clear attack plan, where we'll drive this really across the country and into markets around the world with conviction. But we'll take you through what that plan is and how we intend to do it on the 12th, but well locked and loaded. FAST…?
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Oh, on FAST. Sorry, Robert. On FAST, look, the strategy is, I think, back to some of the questions earlier, at the end of the day, one of the advantages we feel like we have is the question keeps coming up about windowing. The reality is, in today's environment, I think it would be -- you wouldn't want us to say we have a static a 100% defined windowing strategy. The reality is the market is evolving so dynamically that what we are doing is as 1 team, looking at all the different windows and what our real asset is having actual distribution assets in almost every form of media, whether it be linear television, on-demand television through streaming, games, theatrical distribution, free-to-air, pay TV. And having all those distribution outlets gives us the optionality to look at what the data shows us and see where we need to lean in further or not. FAST is one area that as we look at the evolution of consumer behavior, we look at obviously a lot of the free-to-air viewing moving to what we call free-to-view online. And we don't yet have, we think, a strong enough position in that market. The Roku and the Tubi deal was really just a toe in the water, if you will, 14 channels, a beginning for us, but there'll be more to come as we go through the year, and we do want to have a bigger presence in that space because we do see consumer behavior continuing to shift and having a very robust amount of consumers around the world, who will want to consume ad-supported content. And with the breadth and depth of content that we have across the company, we think we're very uniquely able to do that without jeopardizing or risking the subscription business, the theatrical business or some of our upstream windows, which we'll obviously continue to focus on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kutgun Maral with RBC Capital Markets.
Kutgun Maral : I want to follow up on the streaming discussion. You've been ahead of the curve here, but it seems like everyone these days is reshaping their streaming strategy in pretty profound ways, whether it's their org structure, their content spend, types of content investments, philosophy around content exclusivity and licensing, international, pricing and just so much more. I think the focus for many of us is usually each company's top profitability, but maybe there's not enough attention to the fact that each of these moves could have pretty dramatic impacts to the industry and competitive landscape. So I know it's a pretty open-ended question, but can you talk about how you see the streaming industry evolving overall with these changes? And where does the WBD fit in that?
David Zaslav : Well, look, for us, the market right now, our focus is building a best-of-class product and putting all of our content together and so that it's easy to consume and that people are aware of all the different content that we have. I do believe, as JB said, and we do believe, as a company, that we'll sort of recreate this -- the streaming service, which is ad free, then which -- then there'll be ad-lite. And then we ourselves will run our own fast service. And so effectively, whether you want to look at content for free, you want to look at with edge, you want to look at you want a premium that we -- you would have all that opportunity with us, and it makes sense because we have the largest TV and motion picture library in the world. And we can create a Tubi or a Pluto without buying content from anybody by just being able to put it on ourselves. And so we -- as the largest owner and producer of content in the world, we'll -- we want to super serve effectively our streaming service, which is a top priority as well as an AVOD service so that we could reach everyone in every country, everywhere in the world. But in addition, we want to run this company to drive free cash flow and the ability to monetize a lot of the content that isn't critical to subscriber growth. And that isn't critical to or helpful to churn. And having some of that content appear on our platform and sell it nonexclusively to others is very economically beneficial. And the good news is we've had a real chance to look at content on each of the platforms over the last two years. And we could see, for instance, at HBO, the majority of viewership of content on HBO was only 40% of the content. So there was 60% that was hardly being viewed. And why should we need to monetize that in order to drive shareholder value. And once we establish this funnel, then we can take things like the first season of succession or the second season. We can put that down on our AVOD service. And then if you loved it, you can come up and you could then pay for on ad-lite or in subscription. And basically, we create a flywheel of our own, where we own the full ecosystem, the subscription, the ad-lite and the ad free. And we take advantage of all the content that we have.
Jean-Briac Perrette : And I think I just only add go ahead. No, I was just going to say that as David has said before, I think the industry obviously was at a scale at any cost. We said starting last August, we believe in profitable scale. The industry was in a quantity of content over quality, we believe, in a quality over quantity and therefore, spend-wise, spend needs to get rationalized. And at the end of the day, the consumer is at a point in time where they want more choice and better breadth of choice from fewer services, because they just don't have either share of wallet to be able to spending on five, six, seven services anymore. And so you put the Discovery+ and HBO Max proposition together at a great value, and we think we deliver something that ultimately has something for everybody in the household, which will help us on scale and help us on churn, which are the two major ingredients we're focused on as well as obviously engagement.
David Zaslav : The other point that is front or set up for us is curation. There's loads of content out there. But curation, creating content at a time when people can watch it, creating a community conversation. If you look at The Last Of Us, it was growing every week, Euphoria, to be able to deliver 20 million, 30 million, 35 million people in America watching and to have it be a conversation. Storytelling content is most powerful when you're watching it and then you're with others, either in a theater, or you're able to talk about it either online or with your friends, that's the power of content, not when you're viewing content alone. Content alone is really only half of the equation. And curating content so that people can watch it and have a shared experience is a very big piece of the Warner Bros. Discovery advantage. We can take you into the theater around the world. We can put you on HBO on a Sunday or Monday night, where it's must see streaming TV or we could have to we've launched your movie. We can put you right on HBO on Sunday night with the biggest audience in America, tuning right into you. So I think that's something that's really resonating with the creative community that their content is seen, it's curated and it's elevated and that's part of the cultural conversation, both in the theater and on the platform. And that is what all great talent wants. They want -- they want to have an opportunity for their content to be seen, to be talked about, and they want to feel respected. And that is the culture here at Warner Bros. Discovery. And the best thing that we have going for us right now is all of that hard work that we did, and it was probably two years of work that we did in 10 months, it's now almost -- it's overwhelmingly behind us. All the meetings that I've had in the last two weeks are about great content that we're producing, meeting with creatives that want to come here, how we -- what more shows are we going to be selling, what more shows are we going to be keeping on our platform? And getting ready for our new launch. So I think this is an exciting time because I think we're really -- we made some tough decisions. Some of them we may find we need to adjust, but we feel really good about where we are, and we're accelerating forward.
Operator: Our final question comes from John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik : David, maybe just to sort of wrap up that on the content side. A number of your competitors have cut back on the total amount that they're spending on cash content in '23 versus '22. Is that -- it sounds like you guys have, on the one hand, a lot of new programs, a lot of new movies and a lot of new initiatives; but at the same time, pulling some content on the floor. Just what should we expect in terms of '23 versus '22? And then on the affiliate side, renewing 30% of your affiliate deals. I mean just how should we think of sort of pricing and how should that translate into sort of results as we look out to '23?
David Zaslav : Gunnar, do you want to start?
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Yes. Look, I mean on the content spend, Remember, all our strategy changes leading to the content restructuring and write-offs over the course of last year, obviously, that's going to flow through cash as well as we adjust. But that said, there's always going to be a place for quality content and we're open for business. It's the backbone of what we're doing, and we'll keep investing.
David Zaslav : And one of the tenets is we're not going to launch any content before it's time. We have a lot of motion picture content that we're reworking and making a lot of progress with. The Hogwarts game, we took several additional months to rework it, to get it right. It's not about getting it out quick. It's not about getting it out for a certain date. It's about telling the best story. And so we're going to be -- Casey is the best example of that. Channing is the best example of that. And now we're -- this year, you're going to see us fighting on DC. You're going to see us fighting at Warner Bros. on the Motion Picture side, in order to really -- I think there's a huge opportunity on the Warner Bros. Motion Picture side for investment in quality content and storytelling. But it's -- we're not going to tell any story before it's done. And I think you're going to see a big difference that when we release something, it's going to be a product that we think is the best it could be.
Gunnar Wiedenfels : And regarding the linear affiliate renewals, as we've said a couple of times that we're very happy with how those discussions went, is a clear testament to the importance and the value that our network portfolio is delivering to our affiliates. Taking a step back here, though, I mean, the reason why -- one of the reasons why we carved out the linear business, the network business is, one, separate segment is to be completely transparent about where those trends are moving. And as I've said before, net-net, that's not a segment where I would expect a sustained revenue growth. That's not the point. It's about the sustainability and the longevity the free cash flow being delivered by that segment. And to that point, I have no doubt that we have years and years of that coming our way.
Operator: Q&A session is now closed, which concludes today's conference. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. Additionally, please be advised that today’s conference call is being recorded. I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may now begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good afternoon and welcome to Warner Bros. Discovery’s Q3 earnings call. With me today is David Zaslav, President and CEO; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our CFO; and JB Perrette, CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. Before we start, I’d like to remind you that today’s conference call will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include comments regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, our quarterly Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 31, 2022 that we expect to file with the SEC today as well as our subsequent filings made with the SECTOR. A copy of our Q3 earnings release, trending schedule and accompanying slide deck is available on our website at ir.wbd.com. And with that, I'm pleased to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Hello everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me start by saying I am pleased with all that we have accomplished in just our first six months as a combined company. We have had to work through a number of really tough issues; some anticipated, some unexpected and we continue to make the difficult decisions that we know are necessary to position our company for long-term growth and success. As you would expect with a deal of this magnitude, in a dynamic and changing industry and amidst the more challenging economic environment, a significant amount of change is required. In fact we see this as presenting a meaningful opportunity, one that we have seized wholeheartedly. This is an opportunity to look inside each one of our businesses and really determine what's working, what's not working. Is it structured properly? Does it have the right assets, people and resources to be effective and the best of class in the environment we face today? None of this is easy and nothing happens overnight. That said, we are fully committed and laser focused. I believe we have the strongest hand in the industry in terms of the completeness and quality of our portfolio of assets and our IP across sports, news, nonfiction, and entertainment, in virtually every region of the globe and in every language. Six months in, we now have a full, strong and energized leadership team in place and we are confident we have the right strategy and are making the structural and strategic changes to successfully achieve our goal of becoming the greatest media and entertainment company in the world capable of generating significantly higher earnings and free cash flow than we are today and creating real long-term sustainable shareholder value. Last quarter we laid out three strategic priorities that serve as our guiding principles and influence our decision making, strategically operationally and financially. Starting with content, content is the heart of everything we do and we are investing at historic levels in the highest quality storytelling, sports, and news. All the hard work we are doing now will allow us to continue making meaningful investments in content to support our plans going forward. Our best-in-class portfolio is led by the strongest content in creative executives in the business. And one of the things that differentiates these leaders is that they do more than just pick shows and write checks. They support and nurture our creative and talent and help them to bring their bold visions to life on screens large and small. They are doers who have spent time in the control room developing films and TV shows, writing scripts, working closely with talent and creatives. They know their crafts inside and out, what it takes to create compelling unforgettable experiences for fans worldwide. And they know how to replicate that success and storytelling over and over. No one embodies this creative commitment more than our new Heads of DC Studios, James Gunn and Peter Safran, who have said that running DC Studios is a passion project, not just a job. James is a brilliant storyteller who has the distinction of being the first and only filmmaker to direct a movie for both Marvel and DC. Peter is a prolific producer whose credits include DC's highest-grossing movie Aquaman, as well as the entire Conjuring Universe, the most successful horror franchise of all time. We could not be more thrilled to have them join our leadership team. And I'm excited for what is to come. I spent a lot of time over the last few months with James and Peter, talking about our strategy and long-term plans for the future of DC across TV, animation and film. They have a powerful vision and blueprint that will drive a more unified creative approach that will enable us to realize the full value of one of the world's most iconic franchises. They're hard at work right now. Our teams companywide are working hard every day to ensure that Warner Bros. Discovery is the place creatives choose to come and tell their stories. We have a huge advantage. Warner Brothers with its 100-year legacy and ability to launch films in every corner of the globe, tied together with Warner Brothers TV, the biggest maker of television in the world, and HBO, two of the most prolific storytelling studios in the world. Together it creates an unparalleled, full service entertainment ecosystem. To that end, we've recently signed a long-term deal with Matt Reeves, who co-wrote and directed The Batman and created the upcoming new series The Penguin for HBO Max. Todd Phillips will begin filming the highly anticipated Joker sequel next month. We signed an overall deal with Quinta Brunson, a trailblazer who brought us the hugely popular Emmy winning TV series, Abbott Elementary. And our longtime partner, the prolific Chuck Lorre is producing his first series for HBO Max, the upcoming comedy How To Be A Bookie with Sebastian Maniscalco, just to name a few. We're very excited about our robust film slate for next year. We are back in business with a lineup of features that is truly supportive of a distinct theatrical window. The slate includes The Flash, Shazam, Doom 2, Aquaman, Wonka, a prequel to the classic film, The Color Purple, produced by Steven Spielberg, Oprah Winfrey and Quincy Jones, and Blue Beetle DC's first superhero movie starring a Latino character directed by Angel Manuel Soto, as well as exciting new series for HBO and HBO Max, including The Idol from the brilliant Sam Levinson, who created Euphoria and starring [indiscernible]. The Last of Us based on the Post-Apocalyptic video game, along with new script and original series for TV such as Lazarus Project, set to air on TNT next year.
A Black Lady Sketch Show: Our unparalleled IP also allows us to grow our consumer products business and extend our characters into games, one of the fastest growing media segments with titles such as the most anticipated Hogwarts Legacy game built around the amazing world of Harry Potter and launching in the first quarter next year, and leveraging incredible IP such as Mortal Kombat, which is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year, and still going strong. On the sports side, we just resigned Ernie Johnson, Charles Barkley and Kenny Smith on multiyear deals. We've also got a long-term deal in place with Shaq. We're thrilled to have the four of them continue to host TNTs flagship studio show Inside The NBA, I believe the best show in all sports. And this further reflects our deep commitment to sports and providing fans with the programming they can't live without.
Kaitlin Collins: Our second strategic priority is maximizing the overall value of our content through an omni-channel distribution and monetization strategy. The fact is, we cover more surface area than any other media company and that optionality allows us to distribute our content in multiple ways. No matter where consumers go, or what their preferences are, premium, pay-TV, free-to-air, theatrical, streaming, gaming, we are there around the globe, and able to monetize our content and IP in ways that maximize audience and profitability. Optionality has never been more important. And we continue to refine what the right windowing and distribution model is, so that we can reach even more consumers and maximize profitability. As we said last quarter, we will be aggressively attacking the AVOD market with our own fast offering in 2023. As a company with the largest film and TV library in the industry, we have a unique opportunity to increase our addressable market and drive real value, and we plan to move quickly. Stay tuned. Finally, our third strategic priority is operating as one company, one plus one does equal more than two when it comes to working collaboratively and supporting individual efforts across our many businesses. In many respects, this is a significant departure from the previous norm. We've already had some real success with our cross promotional initiatives, such as with Shark Week, Elvis, House of the Dragon and Black Adam. The fact is, with our huge viewership share in the U.S., our broad portfolio of networks and global platforms around the world, we have an amazing ability to efficiently cross promote across our lineup. Our one team philosophy is a core tenet to the critical work we continue to do to transform the organization for the future. And nowhere is this more evident than with our ongoing commitment to driving synergy enterprise wide. Success requires all hands on deck and we're seeing it. In fact, I'm pleased to share that we have increased our synergy target to at least 3.5 billion from 3 billion. Gunnar will take you through the details, but the key point is, this is more than just $1 tally of what we've saved on an expense line. It is more than just a number. We are fundamentally rethinking and reimagining how this organization is structured and we are empowering our business unit leadership to transform their organizations with Warner's mindset and a view on quality and accountability. And you see this reflected in our numbers and some of the strategic decisions we are making. We're making real progress and we're driving toward the end game. Like everyone in our industry we are managing through some cyclical headwinds and secular challenges, including lower than expected ad sales and faster pay-TV subscriber declines. Gunnar will say more, but I do want to make a couple of quick points. First, regarding our advertising sales, which have been impacted by a number of factors that include the macroeconomic downturn, and the strength of the NFL and college football on other networks. The good news is, on Turner, we just had Major League Baseball's American League Division and Championship Series on TBS. Both saw substantial double digit growth in viewership compared to last year. So a shortened Championship Series wasn't ideal. The NBA is off to a great start on TNT, delivering its most watched regular season coverage since 2017 with viewership up 29% season-to-date. And with March Madness in the spring, along with our first ever coverage of the Stanley Cup finals, from now through the summer, we have a large share of professional sports, both here in the U.S. and internationally. On the advertising side, we had a great up front where we outperformed the market. And we spent the last four months reorganizing the ad sales team. We had a broad restructuring, including having sports and news be organized and sold with entertainment and nonfiction as one full service offering. It was an awful lot of work and we're glad to have it behind us. The team is led by the superb, Jon Steinlauf, who has a great track record of outperforming the market, and did so for us in the five years following the Scripps acquisition as he led our team at Discovery. So the team is now in place, attacking the market with a full suite of tools, every way a brand wants to engage with consumers, whether through traditional commercials, product placement, or dynamic targeting, we will offer those touch points. With respect to direct-to-consumer we added nearly 3 million net global direct-to-consumer subs this quarter. And we expect a healthy inflection with the launch of our combined service and expanded global footprint. With that, we are excited to announce that we have moved up our U.S. launch date from summer of 2023 to spring. We've been very hard at work. We can't wait to make the service available to consumers around the globe and get the business running on all cylinders. While our team is hard at work preparing for the launch of our combined offering, we're also actively experimenting and testing our hypotheses about the future product, in large part to address some of the deficiencies of the existing platform. And we're seeing some positive signals. A few quick examples. One is related to the product user experience. Previously, when a series concluded on HBO Max, there was no end card that would then recommend additional programs for the user to enjoy, an obvious way to drive greater consumer engagement. We've started rolling this out and are already seeing very promising engagement uplift. A second example around content, we've begun experimenting with bringing D+ content onto HBO Max. Starting with select Magnolia Network shows such as Fixer Upper: The Castle, which was a top five show after only its first few days on the service. These early green shoots bolster our strategic thesis that the two content offerings work well together and when combined, should drive greater engagement, lower churn and higher customer lifetime value. And lastly on churn, we've implemented a number of initiatives to improve customer retention and these have helped drive our voluntary churn rates to record lows in the last few weeks. We've still got a long way to go, but these early signs are certainly encouraging. As we said, we plan to roll out the new service here in the U.S., followed by Latin America in 2023, then in Europe and APAC thereafter. We see significant opportunity across the globe and we're excited to resume expanding our distribution in countries where we are currently not represented. As you would expect, we made the strategic decision to hold off on active expansion until our new offering is set to launch. Before I turn it over to Gunnar, I was recently asked if I thought the golden age of content was over and I said absolutely not. There's nothing more important than content. People are consuming more content than they ever have, but it has to be great content. It's no longer about how much, it's about how good. And ultimately, it is the consumer who tells us what is good. And the consumer is telling us right now with House of the Dragon, Euphoria, Batman, Harry Potter, Friends, Big Bang Theory. You take a look at the portfolio of tentpole assets across Warner Bros. Discovery. And the breadth is large and the opportunity is real. No one has a better or more recognizable hand of content, IP, brands, franchises and personalities than we do. That said, I believe the grand experiment, facing subs at any cost is over. Let's face it, the strategy to collapse all windows, starve linear and theatrical and spend money with abandon, while making a fraction in return on the service of growing sub numbers, has ultimately proven in our view, to be deeply flawed. We believe there was a real opportunity to do things differently, to deliver the content consumers want and will pay for, while getting the full value of our offering. As we said last quarter, our focus is on delivering $1 billion of EBITDA in streaming by 2025. And we expect to make significant progress toward this goal next year. Profitability, not purely sub count is our benchmark for success. While we've got lots more work to do, and some difficult decisions still ahead, we have total conviction in the opportunity before us. Warner Bros. Discovery, we've got the best assets in the industry, reach that extends from premium, basic pay-TV and free-to-air to theatrical streaming, consumer products and gaming, exceptionally talented people across this great company, and the right strategy and financial framework to set us up for long-term success. With that, I'll turn it over to Gunnar and he'll walk you through the financials for the quarter.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David and thank you, everyone for joining us this afternoon. I'd like to start out by building upon what David said earlier, we are very pleased with our overall synergy program and the broad canvas on which we're transforming this company. To that extent, I'm now confident to commit to a $3.5 billion synergy number as we have had an opportunity to further assess our operations in more detail and refine our workstream plans. That means we're now adding $500 million of incremental potential beyond the target of $3 billion. And we are still working on detailing out the financial impact of the list of further initiatives beyond what has already been quantified. As always, I will keep you updated as these plans reach the level of detail and certainty we require for them to be included in our total synergy estimate. Regarding the actual execution of our transformation program, we expect to have realized approximately $750 million in synergies by the end of this year, and an incremental year-over-year $2 billion in 2023. From a high level and as David said, the opportunity in hand goes well beyond just a synergy capture dollar value. This is a fundamental transformation across and throughout the organization. We're refocusing on how WBD is organized, how it's managed, how the teams are incentivized and evaluated, all of which results in an ability to pivot and evolve in this dynamic media ecosystem. And we are starting to see the financial impact materialize. The 11% of SG&A reduction ex-FX in Q3 is an important early proof point. And we are on track for around 20% SG&A reduction in Q4. We've seen great traction on a number of fronts early on. First, in global marketing efforts such as with television and theatrical releases, House of the Dragon, Elvis and Black Adam most recently leveraging the broad footprint of our owned and operated media assets like never before helping to drive global awareness in a very cost efficient and effective way. Second, in content workflows, where across WBD there are numerous teams facilitating the important processes of content customization, languaging, administration of rights, participations and residuals, et cetera. Following substantive analysis, we have made the decision to centralize many of these critical functions and to harmonize the processes across the organization. In some cases, we'll collapse 10 to 12 versions of essentially the same process across the company into one best practice unlocking hundreds of millions of dollars in efficiency gains. Third, on the streaming side, the previous strategy was to build largely duplicative organizations between HBO Max, and the traditional international business. We have now embraced the powerful combination of global capabilities from our streaming team in areas like product, engineering, data and analytics, and marketing, married with local expertise from our international team in areas like distribution, content creation and ad sales. This has already led to a clearer strategic direction streamline processes, and decision making, while at the same time reducing significant duplicative cost. Fourth, procurement is another great example of how professional management will impact our financial performance. For the first time, there is a full mandate across all of WBD to leverage the outstanding capabilities, experience and expertise of our global procurement team and we are on track to deliver hundreds of millions of P&L impact. And finally, we've begun the process of streamlining virtually every corporate and supporting function with a lot more to work through into next year and beyond. Our focus is on the hard work and the tough decisions in the spirit of repositioning this company operationally and strategically, so that in a more constructive market environment we're better positioned to capture upside revenue opportunities, which after having restructured our cost base should result in an amplified impact to our bottom line, and then an ultimate earnings power of the company significantly above current levels with real upside for long-term shareholder value. Turning quickly to the results for the quarter, given we're still in the first year following the closing of our acquisition, I will discuss all P&L elements on a pro forma combined ex-FX basis. Starting with the studio segment. Studios revenues decreased by 5% due to lower home entertainment revenues and last year benefited from COVID driven demand. And fewer new releases year-to-date resulted in less theatrical revenues and less titles hitting the Home Entertainment and Pay 1 window during the quarter. This was partially offset by a 34% increase in other revenue, thanks to the reopening of our studio tours. The revenue decline was more than offset by lower content expense for theatrical and TV, as well as lower marketing expenses from fewer theatrical releases, leading to studios adjusted EBITDA growth of 43%. Network's revenues decreased 8%. Specifically, advertising revenues decreased 11% globally, primarily given the softening demand amid well noted global macro headwinds. We have been quite transparent about the risk in the environment since the summer. Obviously, this is something impacting all players across not only the advertising industry, but the broader economy, which has more or less continues thus far into the fourth quarter. Worth noting are a few items impacting comparability with Q3 last year, namely the Olympics and the NBA Playoffs schedule, creating a few 100 basis points of additional headwind in the third quarter. Given the strong value proposition of our platforms and reach, tailwinds and digital advertising solutions from products such as dynamic ad insertion, and continued pricing opportunities, we feel very well positioned and stand ready for when the market environment improves. Distribution revenues declined 2% primarily due to pay-TV subscriber declines in the U.S. and lower affiliate rates in certain European markets, partially offset by higher affiliate rates in the U.S., and premium sports packages in LATAM. Content revenues declined 37% against the prior year comp from sub license the Olympics broadcast rights in 2021. Networks' adjusted EBITDA decreased 2% as lower content expense primarily due to the Olympics last year, as well as lower personnel and marketing costs partially offset the revenue decline.
DTC: Adjusted EBITDA losses were $634 million during the quarter, and we continue to expect that 2022 will be the peak year for adjusted EBITDA losses in the segment with healthy improvement next year on the back of cost synergy initiatives, and positive inflection and revenue trends following the launch of the newly combined product. Turning to consolidated results and free cash flow. Both revenues and adjusted EBITDA decreased 8% during the quarter, and while still down our year-over-year EBITDA trend saw significant sequential improvement over Q2, and now expect further sequential improvements in Q4 and into 2023. Reported free cash flow was negative $192 million. And let me provide some more detail here. Cash flow from operations decreased nearly $700 million, primarily due to seasonality from the semiannual cash interest payment on a large portion of the acquisition debt, as well as merger and integration related costs, which totaled nearly $400 million during the quarter, including payout of retention bonuses to legacy Warner Media employees put in place prior to the closing of the transaction. This brings the year-to-date total to approximately $650 million. Furthermore, we reduced the balance outstanding on the securitization facility by $500 million from $5.7 billion to $5.2 billion, which also negatively impacted Q3 free cash flow, managing the program in line with a seasonal cadence of collections and revenue. As previously mentioned, we repaid $2.5 billion of debt during Q3 bringing the total debt repaid since the closing of the transaction to $6 billion. We ended the quarter with $50.4 billion of gross debt and $2.5 billion of cash on hand. Turning to guidance. Now with two months left in the year, we see adjusted EBITDA for 2022 landing towards the middle of our guidance range of $9 billion to $9.5 billion or about $9.2 billion. This is not withstanding the incremental drag from currency, and continued and greater than originally anticipated headwinds in the advertising markets across much of the globe. It also includes the additional amortization of HBO content we have implemented following the detailed assessment of our content assets. We continue to see reported free cash flow for the year at $3 billion and now we'll see net leverage at the end of the year at approximately five times. Building off of this projected baseline and looking to 2023, we continue to target and our teams are working towards $12 billion in adjusted EBITDA, and in a more normal advertising environment, we believe that target should be achievable. That said, the lack of visibility on advertising globally creates a more challenging path towards achieving our target given advertising is by far the greatest variable impacting our financial performance for 2023. I'd also like to offer a couple of other puts and takes to bridge from this year to 2023. First, synergy will be a healthy tailwind, and we expect $2 billion of incremental EBITDA impact year-over-year as I detailed earlier. Second, the first half of 2023 struts an additional tailwind of a couple $100 million from the impact of our course correction measures implemented over the last several months. For example, CNN Plus. And third, FX trends and overall pay-TV trends are naturally outside of our control and difficult to project. We continue to expect our free cash flow conversion rate to be in the 33% to 50% range. In addition to the factors described above, free cash flow will depend on the timing and size of the cash restructuring costs to be realized in 2023, as well as on content and working capital dynamics. To close, I'd like to reiterate that the future and mid-to-long term earnings power of this new combined company is as vibrant as ever, and we have decisively taken the necessary steps to enhance our operating structure and emerge as a leaner and stronger global media company, which will position us to take advantage of the eventual market recovery. We continue to focus on and invest in high quality content and platforms with a flexible approach to monetization to drive growing and sustainable free cash flows, which we believe will ultimately maximize long-term shareholder value. And with that, I'd like to turn it back to the operator and David, JB, and I will take your questions.
DTC: Adjusted EBITDA losses were $634 million during the quarter, and we continue to expect that 2022 will be the peak year for adjusted EBITDA losses in the segment with healthy improvement next year on the back of cost synergy initiatives, and positive inflection and revenue trends following the launch of the newly combined product. Turning to consolidated results and free cash flow. Both revenues and adjusted EBITDA decreased 8% during the quarter, and while still down our year-over-year EBITDA trend saw significant sequential improvement over Q2, and now expect further sequential improvements in Q4 and into 2023. Reported free cash flow was negative $192 million. And let me provide some more detail here. Cash flow from operations decreased nearly $700 million, primarily due to seasonality from the semiannual cash interest payment on a large portion of the acquisition debt, as well as merger and integration related costs, which totaled nearly $400 million during the quarter, including payout of retention bonuses to legacy Warner Media employees put in place prior to the closing of the transaction. This brings the year-to-date total to approximately $650 million. Furthermore, we reduced the balance outstanding on the securitization facility by $500 million from $5.7 billion to $5.2 billion, which also negatively impacted Q3 free cash flow, managing the program in line with a seasonal cadence of collections and revenue. As previously mentioned, we repaid $2.5 billion of debt during Q3 bringing the total debt repaid since the closing of the transaction to $6 billion. We ended the quarter with $50.4 billion of gross debt and $2.5 billion of cash on hand. Turning to guidance. Now with two months left in the year, we see adjusted EBITDA for 2022 landing towards the middle of our guidance range of $9 billion to $9.5 billion or about $9.2 billion. This is not withstanding the incremental drag from currency, and continued and greater than originally anticipated headwinds in the advertising markets across much of the globe. It also includes the additional amortization of HBO content we have implemented following the detailed assessment of our content assets. We continue to see reported free cash flow for the year at $3 billion and now we'll see net leverage at the end of the year at approximately five times. Building off of this projected baseline and looking to 2023, we continue to target and our teams are working towards $12 billion in adjusted EBITDA, and in a more normal advertising environment, we believe that target should be achievable. That said, the lack of visibility on advertising globally creates a more challenging path towards achieving our target given advertising is by far the greatest variable impacting our financial performance for 2023. I'd also like to offer a couple of other puts and takes to bridge from this year to 2023. First, synergy will be a healthy tailwind, and we expect $2 billion of incremental EBITDA impact year-over-year as I detailed earlier. Second, the first half of 2023 struts an additional tailwind of a couple $100 million from the impact of our course correction measures implemented over the last several months. For example, CNN Plus. And third, FX trends and overall pay-TV trends are naturally outside of our control and difficult to project. We continue to expect our free cash flow conversion rate to be in the 33% to 50% range. In addition to the factors described above, free cash flow will depend on the timing and size of the cash restructuring costs to be realized in 2023, as well as on content and working capital dynamics. To close, I'd like to reiterate that the future and mid-to-long term earnings power of this new combined company is as vibrant as ever, and we have decisively taken the necessary steps to enhance our operating structure and emerge as a leaner and stronger global media company, which will position us to take advantage of the eventual market recovery. We continue to focus on and invest in high quality content and platforms with a flexible approach to monetization to drive growing and sustainable free cash flows, which we believe will ultimately maximize long-term shareholder value. And with that, I'd like to turn it back to the operator and David, JB, and I will take your questions.
Operator:
Venkateshwar with:
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you. Maybe we need to start off with the synergy guidance for next year. When we look at the $12 billion EBITDA number and the free cash flow number, obviously, as you mentioned, it's subject to a lot of macro variables, as well as things like cord cutting. So I know these are low visibility items, but could you help us with some kind of sensitivity in terms of how your EBITDA or free cash flow could get impacted if the macro environment was to get worse or better, one way or the other? And then David, from your perspective, when you think about the organization right now looks like structurally it's mostly in place in terms of org structure, as well as the people in different seats. And so as you go into next year and beyond, strategically, as you roll out HBO in a bigger way, in the new form, in the U.S., as well as around the world, how big of a focus is pricing compared to where we are from an ARPU level right now and how do you expect that to evolve going forward?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Hey, hi Kannan. Let me let me start with your first question and I'll take a bit of a broader perspective here. Let's start by the environment that we're seeing today because I think that's an important baseline. And as you know, we have been pointing to risks from the macro environment, macroeconomic environment around us for quite some time. So we're not surprised, but the reality is, as you can see in our numbers we came at minus 11 for ad sales, which is the lower end of our guidance and we see those trends continue into the fourth quarter.
DTC: Let's assume the midpoint of our guidance range for 2022, call it $9.2 billion, there will be a couple 100 million of impact on the positive side in the first half of next year as the full effect gets realized off the decisions that we have made in the second half of this year. And then we have full visibility and full conviction off to $2 billion of incremental synergy impact, right? So that takes you to the, call it $11.5 billion range for next year. And then to your point, the key question is, the environment that we operate in, and I don't want to make any predictions here, you guys can all form your own views, but we do have $10 billion in advertising revenues, so that is a very material driver. Now that said, we are very, very bullish when it comes to the DTC segment for next year. Obviously, not only a great synergy opportunity, but also, as you've heard from David, the launch date for our combined product looks a little earlier now than we had anticipated when we spoke three months ago. I do think that there is a real inflection point that's available to us when it comes to DTC revenue on the back of that relaunch. We have a much more robust film played on the studio side, et cetera. So there's a number of drivers impacting our performance for next year here. And as I said, with a somewhat more normalized ad environment, $12 billion is what we're working towards, what the team is budgeting for. But it's certainly not in position to put that into the bank here today. I don't know if that's helpful.
David Zaslav: On the pricing, JB, we've been doing a lot of work, peers around the world, we've been experimenting outside the U.S., may be we're not going to talk specifically about our pricing, but you could talk specifically about how we're approaching it.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes, I'd say pricing is one of four things that makes us particularly optimistic about the products coming together, obviously content aggregation and pulling all the content pieces together. The second being the broader positioning that allows us to move from a product that may have a slightly more tailored approach to a fewer number of people in a household to a product that actually appeals to everybody in a household. The product improvements, David mentioned one in his remarks earlier, but there's a whole myriad of other product improvements that we need to execute on the platform that will greatly enhance engagement and retention. And then the pricing we think is one of the meaningful ones two data points on that that I think are important. Number one is, by 2023, HBO Max will not have raised price since its launch. So it will have been three years, since pricing has moved, which we think is an opportunity, particularly in this environment. And number two, when we look internationally, our wholesale and retail ARPUs are meaningfully lower than the market leaders. And for us that spells opportunity and an ability as we think about the new product coming to market and even some initiatives before the new product comes to market for growth on ARPU internationally.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. I guess a clarification on the advertising. How much of this is market? And is any of this ratings trends that at the linear network and anything specific about market color that either Dave or Gunnar you would give us in terms of what's driving the softness, and as we try to figure out, you know, whether it's going to sustain or get worse or get better? And David, you talked about the content that you're manufacturing, it is interesting, and you're reading articles every now and then about the concern that you're going to pull back from investing in big content, you gave a pretty long list. Is there a better idea at this point how content spending will evolve the next few years at this company? I mean, you've got probably more detailed plans around the relaunch of streaming, probably a better idea on linear and the film slates already cooking next year. So any help with understanding just how much content spend might grow the next few years would be helpful? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Doug. Look we're a content company, that's the business we're in. It's our advantage. The fact that we have these tentpoles, the strength of HBO right now by people domestically, and around the world, where we do have HBO in the few markets, as being the highest quality, best curated service, as well as the production of content coming out of Warner Brothers, that's really our strength. We intentionally referenced the content coming up, because we're leaning in, we're spending more money this year than we've ever spent historically. And when -- there's been a lot of view of what's going on and the remix of this company coming back -- coming together and it is messy. It's challenging, but it's taken real courage to restructure this company. It hasn't been restructured and reimagined for the future in a decade and a half. And so putting -- having this company work as one company, and putting it all together, and having -- looking at content across the platform, promoting it across the platform. But as part of that, we had the luxury because of this, the span across each platform to take a look at how it's working. And so Casey Bloys, was able to look at all the content on HBO. And when 37 series went away, he was able to look over the last year and a half, what are people watching? And what are they not watching? Where are people spending time? Where are they being nourished? We have the ability to look across our cable channels, what are we spending on shows and where are they working? And where are we getting a good return. And all those write offs that we took shows off these platforms. We didn't take one show off a platform that was going to help us in any way, it's going to help us to get it off the platform so that we could now invest in with the knowledge of what is working and replace those shows with content that has a chance to be more successful, have larger, larger audience? And where are we allocating the capital? How much should we be spending on HBO? How much more investment should we be making at Warner Bros. Television. And in the end, we're fully committed to content, you'll see that. We're committed to sport, we're committed to news. And we're focused now on how do we deploy that capital in a way to generate real value and get the content that's not working off.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And we're in the process of developing one lens through which we look at it. It's one company, one view on returns, and I see a lot of opportunity there from the prospect of reallocating the capital. Doug on the advertising market, look the truth is delivery, obviously, across the ecosystem is down. But that said, we have been able to grow advertising in a meaningful way with exactly that level of delivery. So my view is, this is first and foremost, a market issue. Now, as I said, the sports schedule did have an impact and put us at a little bit of a disadvantage in the quarter. For the fourth quarter as well, there is some additional tailwind in local which obviously, as you know, were less well positioned to participate in. But the reality is that the scatter market has been pretty dry right now. So it is what it is, as we know, from experience, these periods past, but it's not a very constructive environment right now, as you have heard from a number of other players, peers and across the broader advertising market over the past three, four weeks.
Doug Mitchelson: Right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I guess, just to start, you have these cyclical and secular challenges as we all know, but you also have more tools and assets than most companies to combat, to meet this challenge. But just wondering how you can -- if you can talk a little bit about how you'll use your scale, what are the levers you have? You mentioned fast coming next year, which is, you know, should be upside, but how should we think about that? How are you thinking about potentially asset sales? And then the second question I guess more for JB or can you please address some of the challenges and opportunities in launching the combined service, like how are you thinking about TAM? What are you thinking of the mix of AVOD versus XVOD? I mean, with Discovery Plus we saw that the ARPU is higher on the airline product. So any color you can give us on how you're thinking about that?
David Zaslav: Thanks Jessica. Just quickly on fast. We have HBO Max and we launch that product in the spring as a premium product and as an ad light product, and we'll begin to roll that out globally. As JB said, we've begun to experiment with moving some of the Discovery Plus content in there. We also have a platform that is really deficient right now. And so we're holding on and we're growing. The fact that we were able to grow almost 3 million subs outside the U.S. without a lot of promotion and with a platform that's not that great, we really think is encouraging as we begin to look at rolling out more broadly. But we also see fast as a real opportunity for us. And I think it's unique for us. We have the largest TV and motion picture library. And so there's content that belongs on HBO Max, when that product launches, whatever it's called, as well as the AVOD service. But we could see now, what are people consuming on those platforms. There's also a huge amount of content that's not even on that platform that's sitting with us that hasn't been put to monetize in the marketplace. Some of that we will sell, which we've talked about, and we've started to sell. Some of it we'll sell not exclusively, some of it, but we have the ability on the fast side to build a service without buying content, most of the players in that space, are out buying content and then looking to sell that content and create a wig effectively, where they get a return on that content based on what they spent on it. We can take content we already own, a lot of it where we have no participants, some of it where we have participants, but it's at a fraction and get ourselves into an AVOD service, which I think makes us full service. And most of that has been fully amortized, or almost all of it has been fully amortized. And it gives us effectively a full service, which you'll see as we come into the end of 2023, which is a premium service that we're driving globally, with no ads, an ad-light service, which will have a robust and attractive advertising opportunity, where even in a difficult market we're getting very good pricing. And then finally, there's always a huge number of people that do not want to pay. And we'll be able to have them spending time with us we think with an economic model, that's much advantage versus our peers. And then as we learn more, we can move the content through that ecosystem.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes, that's actually, I think that's in terms of scale Jessica that's one of the most exciting points the way, we're now able to look at content decision making, with people providing a perspective from the various business units, providing data, and the ability to make these decisions on a group level in the best interest of Warner Brothers discovery as opposed to the optimizing individual business units. The other more recent point I would like to highlight where we're really in the first inning is just the marketing power of this company. If you look at the Black Adam campaign that David mentioned in his opening remarks, this is as broad as comprehensive as we've ever seen it and we're just getting started. Now we're going to be able to gather all the data and drive all the insights from executing a campaign like that. We can already see what the impact of ticket sales has been, what's worked, what hasn't worked. So we were able to tackle this in a in a way that I don't think anyone has done. And again, we're just getting started. And on the ad sales side again, it's early days. But if you look at what Kathleen has been able to do after Scripps, and what [indiscernible] did at Discovery on the international side, I have no doubt that Kathleen and Louise and Chris and Gerhard are going to drive this Network portfolio hard and it just makes so much sense that's optimizing this combined comprehensive portfolio with one centralized approach is going to drive enormous delivery.
David Zaslav: And remember there on average, we might be 25% of viewership on any given night, but when during the NBA we could be up to 40% of viewership, live sports, live news, entertainment nonfiction. During March Madness, our numbers will be even higher. And so the ability to use live news, use particularly live sports, which others did with the NFL and college football during a difficult market. But the fact that was such a big part and effective part of the overall viewership in America gives us a chance to get advertisers on digital news, sports entertainment, and so that that opportunity I think should give us a huge advantage if you know when the market comes back and we expect it will, we just can't predict when.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And Jessica finally on the distribution side, we did very well at Discovery with our traditional nonfiction package. Turner did very well with their news, sports and entertainment. Together, we make up most of the high quality and valuable piece of the basic cable bundle. And so together, we're really aligned with the distributors. They want the bundle to remain robust, we want it to remain robust. And with all of the discussion of the decline of the traditional bundle, and we can see that it is in secular decline. But the real optimistic point here is that almost all of the sports, all of the sports are on free to air and cable. And the numbers for sports have gone up dramatically. March Madness was up 40%, the NBA is up 25%, 30%. And so it is the platform where people are watching sports and that sports is going to be on cable for the next 10 years. And so there are certain trends you see, on the other hand, you see a very big uptick on sport, and long-term commitment to sport on the platform, which I think will provide a steadying force. And it will likely, when there was some discussion by Rutledge [ph] this morning, a great operator of, some challenges ahead. I think one of the things that the operators are concerned about is, when it comes to the big 12 and the increase in sports rights, that they are going to have to pay the lion's share of that in increases.
David Zaslav: And then Jessica, may be just to close on your ad-light and TAM question, we see if you exclude the non-accessible markets of China and Russia and India for a second, just given the scale and different ARPU dynamics of that market, we think there's about, around 2 billion people around the world that are our consumers of free ad supported entertainment. And we look at about 20% to 30% of that group being addressable on the subscription side. And in the subscription side, we ultimately do see the ad-light offering that now obviously, everyone is leaning towards as an incredibly important growth initiative for us. We were frankly a little surprised in the HBO Max ad-light offering that more people have not moved to that offering and I think it says two things which are both positive for us. Number one is, we believe there's actually some pricing advantage for us on the ad free service and we can probably move north of where the prices are today. And secondarily, that we can drive particularly, we would bring the products together a lot more adoption of that ad-lights here, as we saw with the legacy Discovery Plus product. And lastly, on monetization of that tier, today we have about two to three minutes of ads in HBO Max ad-light, that's about half of what we have on Discovery Plus. So we think we have, as we roll the two combined products, almost 100% growth in the inventory available to us as we look to combine the ad loads of those two products.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Cusick with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Phil Cusick: Hi guys. Thank you. I appreciate it. One clarification, and this sounds silly, but there's some, been some debate, the definition of notwithstanding, I think it's pretty clear. But just to be so you're guiding toward a headline number of about $9.2 billion in EBITDA this year. Is that fair? And then what's the impact from the accelerated HBO amortization in that? And then if I can ask a real question, maybe help us with outline the changes in what market should be sort of DTC versus wholesale or partner markets, as you look at going internationally both with new markets, and then potentially with some of the ones that are already out there? Thank you very much.
David Zaslav: So let me quickly knock out that clarification question and then I'll pass it to JB. So what we're saying is $9.2 billion is best estimate, pretty much in the middle, middle of that guidance range that we've given. So essentially, on a year-over-year basis, sequentially, another improvement after Q3, now Q4 better and then as I've said, I expect much more improvement as we go into next year. And this is net of the headwinds that we have digested to get to that number. Most importantly, FX has been a pretty significant headwind this year, as you know. We're expecting that to be roughly $160 million for the full year. The amortization policy change for HBO content is in a similar ballpark, a little more for the full year, but it was roughly $150 million in the third quarter as we had some catch up effects. So that's all baked into the $9.2 billion number.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And on the international wholesale and partnerships angle, obviously the rollout we laid out in August assumed essentially a rollout of the new product over the next two years in the existing HBO Max markets, other than a handful of additional ones that we talked about launching in Europe in in 2024. Next year, it's really focused on U.S., LATAM, which are all existing HBO Max markets and so there was no incremental launches in that number. As David mentioned earlier, we really were focusing on getting the product to market, getting launched and then reassessing as we get the product launched, was there, is there any opportunities to do more and more markets in the years to come, but that's not something obviously we have any visibility of at this moment. Lastly, on the partnership side, we do view as we have in the legacy Discovery side, that there are a number of different partnership opportunities. And in fact, in the last few months, as we've been out in the market, talking to partners, a long list of partners, eager to engage on conversations about how they can help us accelerate the rollout of the future product as we come to market, across all the markets we're coming into. So we're excited to work with the existing partners and some new partners to figure out if there's ways to accelerate the rollout and potentially lessen our marketing costs and stack through those kinds of partnerships that we've done historically.
Phil Cusick: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Declan Cahill with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Declan Cahill: Thank you. May be first to kind of pick up on Doug's question on content and ask it a slightly different way. David, between the content write down and a lot of the changes to personnel you've made, I'm just wondering how you could characterize the content strategy now. It seems like it was a little bit broken under Warner Media before. And when you think about what content is going to look like in the future, I was just wondering if you could kind of say how it's going to be different under Warner Bros. Discovery than what it is under Warner Media? And then Gunnar, maybe just a follow up on the free cash flow impact from the synergy. When we talk about the incremental synergy guidance I know that next year, there's probably a cash headwind from a cost to achieve. So in 2023 specifically, is the increased synergy guidance going to be helpful to free cash flow? Is it going to be neutral to free cash flow? Could it be a drag on free cash flow? I would just love to understand how we think about the free cash flow dynamic for 2023? Thank you.
David Zaslav: A couple of things. One, we're going to have a real focus on franchises. We haven't had a Superman movie in 13 years. We haven't done a Harry Potter movie in 15 years. What the -- the DC movies and Harry Potter movie movies provided a lot of the profits of Warner Brothers Motion Pictures over the last 25 years. So focus on the franchise. One of the big advantages that we have, House of the Dragon is an example of that. Game of Thrones, taking advantage of Sex in the City, Lord of the Rings, we still have the right to do Lord of the Rings movies. What are the movies that have brands that are understood and loved everywhere in the world. Outside of the U.S. most in the aggregate Europe, Latin America, Asia, it's about 40% of the theaters that we have here in the U.S. and there's local content. And so when you have a franchise movie, you can often make two to three times the amount of money you make in the U.S. because you get a slot and a focus on the big movies that are loved that are tentpole that people are going to leave home, leave early from dinner to go to see, and we have a lot of them; Batman, Superman, Aquaman. If we can do something with JK on Harry Potter going forward, Lord of the Rings, what are we doing with Game of Thrones? What are we doing with a lot of the big franchises that we have? We're focused on franchises. Two, we've learned what doesn't work. And this is what doesn't work for us based on everything that we've seen and we've looked at it hard. One is direct to streaming movies. So spending a billion dollars or collapsing a motion picture window into a streaming service. The movies that we launch in the theater do significantly better and launching a two-hour or an hour and 40 minute movie direct to streaming has done almost nothing for HBO Max in terms of viewership, retention or love of the service. The other is the entire library or almost the entire library shouldn't be on HBO Max and paid for by HBO Max. There's a lot of -- we have an extraordinary library, Friends, Big Bang Theory, Two and a Half Men. There's 15 or 20 series that are loved and used and are nourishing the audience on a regular basis. But then there's a huge number of series and movies that aren't being used at all. And so the ability to see over the last year and a half, what's happened to that entire library of motion picture and movies or on -- and to see that if none of its being used why aren’t we putting it on an AVOD, where it will be used. We've looked at what people are watching on Pluto and on Tubi, it's very different. They are loving Rawhide and Bonanza. They are not watching that. They are not watching old series like Dynasty on Macs. And so there is a platform where people have an expectation, and what they want to watch, and we've been able to get a real vision into what people are consuming and ultimately, that gives us a roadmap. So what library is really advantageous to us, and then, and a lot of that stuff, we might keep on there, but we don't need it to be exclusive. It could also be on AVOD. We could sell it to someone else, because no one is subscribing or staying on a particular, on one of our services, because it's there. And so I think what we're really trying to understand is, what has worked on the platform, and what hasn't, and then based on that, we'll determine how to operate going forward.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Obviously, one of the big drivers for free cash flow as well is the relationship between content, cash investments and amortization. But just to go through a couple of the puts and takes, as you read in our release 650 million year-to-date, charges related to the merger, some of that cost to achieve, there's going to be a little more in the fourth quarter. And so against that baseline next year, is going to be a little higher, but it's not, you know, it's not very significantly higher. We are going to see a little bit of a closing up the gap between content AVOD and content cash, as amortization steps up. I do believe there is significant flow through from the synergies again $2 billion year over year, assuming the tax rate against that, and flow the rest through. And then two more points to point out. One is, if you think about Warner Media as a very siloed business unit driven setup, a pre-combination with Discovery, I believe there's enormous potential on the CapEx, working capital side, those are all things we can manage much differently, that's going to take a little longer, but we're going to start chipping away at it. And then the last point I want to just be transparent about on a year-over-year basis, one of the drags on free cash flow in the third quarter was the fact that we paid about $700 million of interest for merger related debt for a bond that's on a semiannual cycle. So you will get another half a year impact of that for 2023 as well. So those are the things I think we can call out right now and that's why I reiterated that, 30% to 50% of EBITDA flow through guidance for the backlog.
Jean-Briac Perrette: One last point on content. The audience will tell you what they love, they'll spend time with it. They'll watch it and rewatch it and you can see it, you could see it on cable, and free to air in terms of the ratings, and you could see it on -- we could see it on Max in seeing exactly what people spend time with. And we look at it, and we look at it hard. If we have a scripted show that's $7.5 million dollars. And it's getting a 0.43, then that tells us that some has been written that we're not committed to scripted on TNT. We're very committed to scripted, but we want to measure what people are watching and what they're not. If a repeat of Two and a Half Men or BIGBANG does three times the reading of a brand new show that was spending another season that we greenlit of a show that's costing us seven and a half million dollars. We're going to cancel that show. And we're going to try and get another scripted series that has a chance to really deliver and delight and engage an audience. But we are being deliberate about measuring how are the shows doing. As I said, let me be very clear, we did not get rid of any show that is helping us. And we got rid of those shows that we can focus on producing new content that will and using everything we learned on each platform to make new choices. It's a business of failure, but we'd rather take that money and spend it again and have a chance of having a show that will engage in delight on either our traditional platforms or our subscription platforms.
David Zaslav: Actually before we can move on, I did want to mention one thing, because you were quoted a lot. You got a lot of mileage out of your statement earlier this week, I think or in the last week that one is Discovery has the greatest assets, the highest leverage in the industry or something like that, so I just want to comment on that. And while we're on the topic of free capital, I really view our capital structure as a as a huge asset. We put the structure in place with a purpose. It's cheap, largely fixed, and long dated debt. And so from that perspective, I feel very, very good about it. Very limited maturities coming up over the next couple of years. We run scenarios, obviously and there's even in the most dire scenarios, no requirement for us to come back to the debt markets to refinance anything. So it really is a bit of an asset. It's not lost on us where the debt is trading. And as we're rolling in that free cash flow that I described over the next 2, 3, 4 years, I think there is enormous opportunity for us, which is going to be in the best interest of not only the equity holders, but also the debt holders. So this is a real, real asset. And I just saw maybe laughing when your quote was picked up by the Wall Street Journal, I think this morning.
Declan Cahill: I'll try to stay out of the news.
David Zaslav: One last question operator, please?
Operator: Our final question comes from Rich Greenfield with [indiscernible]. Your line is open.
Richard Greenfield: I love batting cleanup. First of all, thanks for taking the questions. David, you've been pretty clear about how many mistakes the TNT management team made and sort of put you in sort of the situation you're now in. I guess, is abandoning Amazon channels one of those mistakes that you see and is revisiting that decision and the subs and cash flow tied to it. It tied to the relaunch of HBO Max sometime next year? And then second, I was just sort of thinking about your comments at the very beginning about sort of the difficult decisions you have to make ahead. And I'm curious, is NBA rights one of those just given sort of the challenges? Like, do you need NBA rights, given the kind of where the TV world is headed right now? Just how, I'm sort of just interested in like, what you meant by difficult decisions or what you're thinking about in those difficult decisions would be great? Thanks
David Zaslav: Thanks, Rich. We got the, in some ways, as hard as this has been to restructure this company and make a lot of changes in terms of people and how we approach the business. We've really seize the moment and I think it's -- I'm very proud of the leadership team. It's taken real courage to sit down and say, we have a chance to start over here. What is the business? What -- how do we want to structure this business? What content should we have? With the ability to look at what's working and what's not working? What do we need to be a successful business for the future as if it was a family business. We took our wallet out, put it on the table and said, what do we want to spend our money on in order to have a best chance of succeeding? Casey did it. Channing did it. Mike and Pam did it. Chris has done it. And now we have a vision for what we believe is going to make this company strong, and the most effective media company to take advantage of our diverse assets. We're not going to be right about everything. But in four or five months, as we make the turn into next year, we're about in the seventh or eighth inning here of getting this through that we'll find over the next year that a lot of what we thought maybe was a little bit wrong, but we have conviction, we have a clear vision for the future and where we're going and what we want to do and we have the courage over the last seven months. And as you see this through of what's going to -- people are looking at it and it looks like look who's leaving here, they got rid of this show, they're not doing this. It's almost like a mural on the side of a building. And you see a lot of stuff falling down and it's messy and it's challenging and it's difficult. It's difficult seeing people leave. But in the end, we're seeing this through and we're going to come through this a much stronger company, leaner with real fight and a real sense of what's the quality that we have that's going to help us to win. And when you see that, three to four months from now, I think you're going to get a very clear picture of exactly what this company is, we'll be launching our new products. And with the diversity of content we have, I think we're going to be very formidable. And the free cash flow that we're going to be generating and the EBITDA and the diversity of assets is what is -- what many thought when we started with this company that we weren't all just a streaming company and everyone wanted to be just the streaming company. That never made sense. It was like the clicks in the 90s. You know, a sub counted for a lot of money. It doesn't matter what the ARPU was. So we are focused now on free cash flow, EBITDA, but But we're also focused we believe that we should be a leader in subscription in AVOD around the world because we have the highest quality content. And to do that, you can't be the only fishing boat. You can't be the only one out there saying the only way to get me is to come through my portal. And so I'm not going to comment on what AT&T did or what Jeff Bucus [ph] and Parsons did. You know, they will did -- made their best argument and their best sense of how to drive this company. What we did, which is lucky is, we're Monday morning quarterbacks, it's easy to do that. We can now take a look at what happened with the Old Time Warner leadership team. What happened with the AT&T leadership? And how many subs did that actually get them? What was the engagement for that? How much money did they spend to get that? And how much money they're spending in this area and is there any return. So it's very easy for us because we can be Monday morning quarterbacks. And we're taking full advantage of that. And we're not going to make those same mistakes or we're going to change strategy more importantly, because those strategies could have worked. It could have been that in many areas, we could be sitting here saying, but it also should Amazon and should a number of other distributors, be out there sub distributing for us? We're looking very hard at it. Because we need as many people we have, we think we got the best product. We should have as many people pushing it as possible. We have a great relationship with Amazon. We -- there was a deal that we did with a leader in sport in the UK with our BT Euro sport venture. And in the Champions League, we did a deal where we got 90%. We used -- we had 100% of it. In the renewal, we got 93% of it, and Amazon got 7%. For that 7, we produce the content for them. We get paid a fee, we promoted them, we get a fee, we work together effectively. I was up with Andy Jassy two weeks ago at his house, Amazon is formidable. There's a lot that we've been doing together that has been helpful to us. They are buyers of our content. Before we weren't selling any content to them, now we're selling content to them. We wouldn't sell everything to them. But they're an important company, they have a broad reach, and there are a number of other companies that also do. And so when we look at ourselves and saying we have the highest quality content, we got a series of products, and we have a huge number of libraries, how do we monetize those to build assets for ourselves. And also to build cash flow off of the value of something that we have that almost no one else has, massive TV and motion picture libraries with leading IP, and the biggest maker of content in the world. And we have chosen the path of selling new content and library to Amazon, but we'll be selective about what we do to each. On the point of NBA, we have NBA for the next three years. And we have been very successful with Adam Silver. To the credit of the whole leadership team at TNT over the last couple of years, NBA Live is a fantastic show. It's the leading show for the NBA, ratings are up almost 30% inside the NBA and our ratings are on the games themselves are higher than the competitors in the marketplace. We also have Bleacher Report, we have House of Highlights when we're promoting the NBA, of course, all of our platforms. And you know, when Adam thinks about the future, he thinks about it the same way that I do. He doesn't love the -- none of us love the idea, but the only way to watch these games is on cable. There should be an opportunity, because there's a lot of people under 25 that aren't having access to it. The good news is many of them are now tuning into TNT. That's a goodie for us. But it's not lost on Adam that we have a platform that reaches almost 100 million homes. And then we're going to be launching that new platform and it's going to be a very, you know, the technology and the overall usability of the platform is strong. We got over 30 million people watching House of the Dragon and watching Euphoria. We're global. We're the leader in sports in Europe. We're one of the leaders in sports in Latin America. And so none of that is lost on Adam. We're having a lot of discussions with him. We love the NBA. But we're going to be disciplined. In the end, if there's an NBA deal it's going to be a deal that's very attractive for us, and very attractive for Adam. But we have a lot of tools in that we have a lot of sports assets that no one else has. We got a global sports business that nobody else has. And we have a platform, a high quality platform like HBO max that could generate 30 million people watching within a short period of time for a great piece of content, imagine what that could do with sport, and we've had very good luck with sport in Europe. So I think it's an opportunity. We like the NBA, but we're going to be disciplined. I'm hopeful that we can do something very creative.
Richard Greenfield: Thank you for such a detailed answer. That was super helpful.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the conference call for today. Thank you for participating and we ask that you disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Additionally, please be advised that today’s conference call is being recorded. I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may now begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good afternoon and welcome to Warner Bros. Discovery’s Q2 earnings call. With me today is David Zaslav, President and CEO; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our CFO; and JB Perrette, CEO and President, Global Streaming and Games. Before we start, I’d like to remind you that today’s conference call will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include comments regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2022, and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, which is expected to be filed with the SEC on or about August 4, 2022 as well as our subsequent filings made with the SEC. A copy of our Q2 earnings release is available on our website at ir.wbd.com. We released a trending schedule with pro forma results and additional financial information, which also can be found on our website. And lastly, our discussion today will include an accompanying slide presentation, which following the call, will be available on our website. And with that, let me turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Hello everyone and thank you for joining us. We have had a very busy and productive 4 months since launching Warner Bros. Discovery. And today, we want to provide you with an update on where we are and where we are headed. Among our top priorities have been combining the rich legacies of these two great organizations, building out our senior management team and beginning to integrate the cultures into one global operating company. We have made significant progress on all fronts. Nearly our entire senior leadership team is in place, and I could not be more excited to continue locking arms with the exceptionally talented group of individuals that we’ve assembled from both legacy companies. Plus more recent additions like esteemed filmmakers, Mike De Luca and Pam Abdy, now at the helm of Warner Bros. Pictures Group, and a uniquely talented media operator, Luis Silberwasser, driving our leading global sports strategy. And just last week, we announced our new Chief of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. Asef Sadek. Asef previously served as Head of Diversity Equity and Inclusion International for WarnerMedia and is one of the most dynamic leaders in the diversity space. Since the close of the deal, the entire leadership team has been moving as quickly as possible to integrate key elements of our business, assess growth opportunities and make important progress in our synergy capture and strategic planning. We’ve been able to dig deeper into the financials and have gained a much better, more complete picture of where we are and the path forward including identifying some additional and unexpected challenges that have and will continue to require our focus and attention. The upside is that there is even more room for improvement in cost savings. At the same time, we’re keeping a close eye on the many cross currents and headwinds at play in the macroeconomic environment, both here in the U.S. and globally, including inflation, the threat of recession and the complexities of today’s geopolitical environment. In light of all these factors, we’ve had to make some additional adjustments, which we’ll talk about. Gunnar will walk you through our financials and the path forward in a few moments. Suffice to say, we are more confident than ever in the strength of our position and believe we are on the right path to meet our strategic goals and really excel, both creatively and financially. Our long-term investment thesis is truly compelling, and we have great conviction in the opportunity ahead. Warner Bros. Discovery has the most powerful creative engine and bouquet of owned content in the world, as highlighted by our recent 193 Emmy nominations, more than any other media company. The fact is there are only a handful of companies globally that can do what we do. And putting it all together, we believe no one does it better than us, spanning HBO, Warner Bros. Film and Television studios, CNN, our world-class sports business and category-defining lifestyle and nonfiction content engines. Our asset mix, one of the most complete and diversified in the industry, uniquely positions us to drive a balanced approach to creating long-term value for shareholders. It represents the full entertainment ecosystem and an ability to serve consumers across the entire spectrum of offerings from premium pay to linear and free-to-air, theatrical to streaming. This was the driving force to create this company over a year ago. Our objective was not only to be one of the top global streaming companies, but also a media company able to drive financial returns by distributing our content on every platform, and our conviction has not changed. While we are still in the very early stages and helped by the first wave of our synergy initiatives, we will have repaid $6 billion in debt by the end of August, and we have implemented initiatives leading to $1 billion in run rate synergy over the next 12 months with at least an additional $2 billion in the works as part of our cost synergy plan. We did very well at the upfront and believe we have meaningfully outperformed our peers. As I said in our presentation, we see ourselves as essentially the fifth broadcast network due to our unparalleled portfolio and our low to mid-teen CPM increases or nearly $6 billion in commitments clearly demonstrates that advertisers now view us exactly that way. We offer our partners the most complete portfolio of live sports and news, lifestyle and entertainment and our average share of viewership outside of the football season exceeds 25%. On some nights, we’re bigger than NBC, ABC, CBS and Fox combined. While there’s a lot of uncertainty in the economic backdrop, this is a strong proof point for the value we bring to the table, and our ability to improve monetization over time. In many ways, we are just getting started and have really only begun to scratch the surface with respect to the potential upside. And believe we’ll make even more headway in the next 2 to 3 years. At every stage of this endeavor, as we pursue opportunities and tackle challenges, build and grow our business, we will be guided by three strategic priorities that will inform all of our planning and decision making. First, we will seek to attract the best storytellers and use our unparalleled creative engine, franchises and brands to produce the most compelling and diverse content offering in the world. We are home to many of the most iconic brands and franchises in the history of entertainment: Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Harry Potter, Looney Tunes, Hanna-Barbera, Game of Thrones, CNN, HBO, HGTV, Discovery, Warner Bros. Pictures, Warner Bros. Television and many, many more. The opportunity this presents is truly unmatched. We’re also the preeminent maker and seller of content in the world. And going forward, we will continue to invest smartly in content in ways that will help us to grow, achieve greater market share and have a bigger impact. Some of the content we create will be distributed on our platforms like the highly anticipated House of the Dragon premiering on HBO Max later this month. And some will lay on other platforms such as Ted Lasso and Abbot Elementary. Our focus is on making great content, content that people want to watch and will pay for. As I have said, it’s not about how much, it’s about how good. Owning the content that really resonates with people is much more important than just having lots of content. In other words, at a time when almost every piece of content ever made is available to consumers across any number of free and pay services, duration, quality and brands have never been more important. And that is what we do best. When the measure is who’s got the best stuff, no one has a better hand than we do. Second, we will maximize the reach, engagement and overall value of our content through a broad distribution and monetization strategy. Our job is to tell great stories and to bring them to as wide ranging in audience as possible in as many ways as possible and to deliver the greatest viewing experience possible. Certainly, technology plays a big role in this, and we still have a lot to learn, but it’s equally important that we be flexible and agile, able to respond to ever-changing consumer preferences. As the maker and owner of the largest and most complete library of content in the world, we cover more surface area than almost any other media company, theatrical, streaming, linear, cable, free-to-air, gaming, consumer products and experiences, our own platforms, other’s platforms. And we have no intention of being beholden to any one in particular or to a specific business model. Simply put, we are open for business. There has been a lot of experimentation in our industry, and we are all smarter for it. At Warner Bros. Discovery, we believe strongly in the importance of preserving optionality and driving returns through a strategic mix of distribution and windowing options. For example, we will fully embrace theatrical as we believe it creates interest and demand, provides a great marketing tailwind and generates word-of-mouth buzz as films transition to streaming and beyond. When you are in theaters, the value of the content and the overall viewing experience is elevated. Then when the same content moves to PVOD and then streaming, it is elevated again. As films move from one window to the next, their overall value is elevated, elevated, elevated. We saw this clearly demonstrated with the Batman and Elvis. We have a different view on the wisdom of releasing direct-to-streaming films, and we have taken some aggressive steps to course correct the previous strategy. With respect to streaming, our main priority right now is launching an integrated SVOD service. And in a few moments, JB will talk more about the strategy and some of the key building blocks and milestones as we bring HBO Max and Discovery+ together under one offering. Our streaming strategy has evolved over the past year and really reflects the importance of, rather than the dependence on, this segment of our global content monetization plans. I am pleased with the work to date and the progress we continue to make on this front. And in the spirit of optimization, once our SVOD service is firmly established in the market, we see real potential and are exploring the opportunity for a fast or free ad-supported streaming offering that would give consumers who do not want to pay a subscription fee access to great library content. While at the same time, serving as an entry point to our premium service, we will talk to you more about our potential plans at our Investor Day, which is planned for the end of the year. I am also pleased to announce today that we have extended our relationship with AT&T, making them a trusted partner in the distribution of HBO Max as part of their service offerings. This is great news for our business as it ensures that even more people will have access to our world-class and award-winning content. This leads to our third strategic priority, and that is to operate as one company with one mission, to be the premier media and entertainment leader globally. We believe the best way to maximize the value of our company is by operating our businesses as a combined enterprise rather than as a series of separate siloed and unconnected business units. HBO, Warner Bros. Pictures, Warner Bros. Television, CNN, our U.S. Networks, Sports, we are stronger together and we will make meaningful progress in operating our businesses as one team. We also have a great ability to promote, advertise and introduce new products and services enterprise-wide and we intend to take full advantage of these capabilities. You saw this with the successful rollout of Elvis across all of our platforms. And you’re seeing it now ahead of the launch of House of the Dragon. We’re employing every capability at our disposal. It is the biggest campaign in HBO’s history, and it’s already paying dividends. Rewatching of the original Game of Thrones is up dramatically on HBO Max. We are also going to be opportunistic about the way we grow our business in the future, whether by improving existing products or services to enhance and personalize the consumer experience, introducing new ones or expanding into new markets globally, with particular focus on how to scale smartly with an eye on sustainable free cash flow even during periods of incremental reinvestment. We see ample opportunity to drive significant efficiencies from further integration and transformation, which Gunnar will take you through. It’s a foundational tenet of how we will operate and manage, the byproduct of which will be significant free cash flow generation and growth. So our three strategic priorities are to create the most compelling and diverse content offering in the world; maximize its reach, engagement and value through a broad distribution and monetization strategy; and operate as one company with one mission, to be the premier media and entertainment leader globally. In an industry as dynamic as ours, we are best positioned for success. We have everything we need to thrive creatively and financially, including the greatest and most popular franchises and IP, the most diverse collection of global media brands and assets, the ability to generate awareness and excitement for our products across our own various platforms, a strong leadership team and the most talented creatives. While we’re still in the early innings, I couldn’t be more excited about where we’re headed as a company. As I said, we are open for business. And if you’re in this business, this is the place to be. We look forward to sharing lots more with you at our Investor Day at the end of the year. And with that, I will turn it over to JB and he will walk you through the details of our SVOD strategy.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Thank you, David and hello everyone. Over the last almost 120 days, I have had a chance to spend time with this incredibly talented team, take a closer look at both products and their technology, better understand our proficiencies as well as areas where there is need for further development and dig in on what consumers are saying about the two services. We have a lot of work to do, but these first few months have only strengthened our belief in the significant opportunity ahead of us. And I’m excited to share with you some initial thoughts on our strategy and road map. First, a bit of context. For decades, our industry has embraced changing technology and consumer demand by evolving a very successful windowing approach to exploiting content. However, in recent years, a strategy has emerged that suggests the video business will be better off collapsing all windows into streaming, overpaying for and overinvesting in content and offering it all at the same time for a low price. We don’t believe in this strategy. While we intend for streaming to be a critical part of our company and a key driver of our growth as consumers continue to shift their viewing habits from linear to nonlinear, it’s only one part of our diversified approach. The focus of our streaming strategy is consumer choice. We believe there are multiple global consumer segments in streaming, just like there have been for decades in traditional television. Some who are willing to pay a premium for an ad-free experience, others who are more price-conscious and prefer to pay less with limited advertising, and a sizable third group who will not pay a subscription fee and only want to enjoy ad-supported entertainment. Warner Bros. Discovery’s unmatched depth and breadth of content provides us the opportunity to offer something for everyone. Providing consumers with a range of entertainment options will maximize our reach and financial returns. Currently, we’re focused on launching our combined SVOD product with both an ad-light and an ad-free version in many markets. But as you heard, we’ve also begun to explore options of how best to reach consumers in the free ad-supported streaming space. We currently license our library to others, but we’ll assess how best to play in this growing business as the model evolves from free-to-air linear to free-to-view streaming. Now focusing on our ad-free and ad-light SVOD offering, the great news is the combination of HBO Max and Discovery+ could not come at a better time as both are enjoying strong momentum. HBO Max has emerged as the most acclaimed streaming service among consumers and Discovery+ remains one of the top-rated apps and the dominant leader in real-life entertainment. There are also two very unique and complementary streaming services, distinct in their content appeal ranging from premium scripted series like Succession and the much anticipated House of the Dragon to leading unscripted programming such as 90 Day Fiance and Fixer Upper. The two services are also different in terms of how subscribers engage with the content. Some of it being more appointment viewing driving subscriber acquisition, other content being more comfort viewing, driving subscriber retention with people watching hours on end. These are two critical and powerful components of a strong and sustainable subscription business. Couple this with our world-class collection of globally recognized brands, franchises series and characters it is truly an unprecedented combination. In an already crowded market, consumers know these brands, and they trust them to deliver quality. The quality of our content engine speaks for itself as evidenced by the 193 Emmy nominations this year, more than any other media company from drama to comedy, documentaries, the factual, lifestyle, the reality, local series from around the world, the sports in Europe and Latin America, and of course, movies. Ahead of the launch of our new combined service, we are introducing a number of exciting interim initiatives. First, content sharing. As we announced earlier today, Discovery+ will add a CNN Originals Hub on August 19, making it the home of the award-winning CNN series and films, including the Anthony Bourdain collection and featuring series such as This Is Life with Lisa Ling and Stanley Tucci: Searching for Italy. And starting later this fall, HBO Max will begin hosting some of the Magnolia content from the incomparable Joanna and Chip Gaines, including their latest series Fixer Upper: The Castle arriving in October. Second, as David mentioned, we are leveraging the marketing power of our combined portfolio with the biggest TV audience many nights in the U.S., the second largest broadcast group in Europe, the number one pay-TV portfolio in Lat Am and leading pay-TV lineup in APAC. We will drive significant awareness for our content and streaming products, much at no cost given the creative use of unsold or noncommercial inventory. Shark Week is just one recent example of the marketing benefits and financial synergies we see from strategic cross-promotion across our company. Now more about the product and technology. We will roll out our new combined offering under a single brand and we will have more to share closer to launch. On the product side, we recognize that both of our existing products have shortcomings. HBO Max has a competitive feature set, but has had performance and customer issues. Discovery+ has best-in-class performance and consumer ratings, but more limited features. Our combined service will focus on delivering the best of both, market-leading features with world-class performance. To deliver this, our team has developed a clear road map to migrate onto one tech stack, leveraging much of the core infrastructure of the highly rated Discovery+ service with significant and important feature enhancements from the more established HBO Max. Our product design and feature set will enable better content discovery and more personalized choices. All of this, coupled with the unparalleled breadth of quality content, will help drive our leading objective, which is growing engagement. This will, in turn, enable us to meaningfully reduce churn, support gross adds and increased monetization, particularly with our ad-light offering. There’s much work to be done over the coming months from retooling the tech platform to enabling proper content and metadata ingest around the world and ensuring a seamless customer migration for launch. There is lots to do and we are determined to get it right, which will take a bit of time. Our primary focus for the rollout will be in the markets where HBO Max has already launched. Given its broader international footprint, we plan to launch the service sequentially starting in the U.S. next summer. Latin America will follow later in the year, European markets with HBO Max will follow in early ‘24, with additional launches in key Asia Pacific territories and some new European markets coming later in 2024. Of course, as we get more of the development work and testing under our belt, we will explore ways to accelerate the rollout, if and where it makes sense. In addition, there will still be significant opportunity for expansion beyond this as these 70-plus countries represent less than 60% of broadband homes globally, excluding Russia and China. And many of the biggest markets, such as the UK, Germany and Italy do not fall within this 2025 plan. But we want to remain disciplined and prove out the strength of our product and profitability first. All of this culminates in developing a strong, financially attractive business over the next 3 years. Our focus is on shaping a real business with significant global ambition but not one that solely chase the subscribers at any cost or blindly seeks to win the content spending was. Instead, one that scales smartly. So now what does this all mean for the streaming business? Our financial North Star will be EBITDA driven by solid top line growth and greater cost efficiency from the combination of these two products. We expect peak EBITDA losses for the D2C segment will occur this year in 2022 as we do the heavy lifting around technology, personnel and integration ahead of the planned re-launch starting next summer. We are targeting the U.S. streaming business to be profitable in 2024 and for the global streaming segment to generate $1 billion in EBITDA by 2025. Embedded within this target result for 2025 is an EBITDA drag from less mature markets and new market launches. We believe that we can achieve these milestones with a total subscriber base of around 130 million global subs. Today, our total subscriber number for HBO Max and Discovery+ is 92 million, an increase of 1.7 million over first quarter. This number now excludes other streaming products in the portfolio and synchronizes our subscriber definitions, which Gunnar will get into more later. The goal of this is to provide you with a clear and transparent number of true paying subscribers to our core service. You should also note that we estimate an additional overlap of around 4 million subscribers between the two services today. So we anticipate adding more than 40 million incremental sales by 2025. Turning to ARPU. As we just reported, our current ARPU is almost $8 globally, comprised of nearly $11 domestically and almost $4 internationally. We expect healthy ARPU growth off this base due to a few factors. First, a new pricing strategy, consistent with our profitability focus, we will shift away from heavily discounted promotions that were part of the gross ads focused strategy of the past to a more balanced approach that optimizes revenue as well as subscribers. Second, and related to this, price increases, particularly in certain international regions where we are well below market. We will also plan for periodic increases as accepted in the marketplace. Third, scale benefits from broader distribution of our ad-light offering. And as our reach and engagement grow, we will also drive CPMs, leveraging technology enhanced products and targeted advertising. We’ve clearly started seeing the benefits of this at Discovery+. On the cost side, we see meaningful synergies from two particular non-content areas. Marketing, which is over 60% of SG&A, we’ll see benefits by moving to a single branded product leveraging the power of our owned networks as well as more optimized spend. In technology, which is the third largest portion of our OpEx, where we will eliminate duplicative spend, reduce third-party vendors and see significant opportunities for automation. Looking ahead, we will continue to have healthy content investment, but with these two content portfolios coming together, we see smart opportunities to do this at a much more measured pace than in the previous plans. All in, we see long-term margin potential at scale of at least 20% and expect to make significant progress towards that goal over the next few years. Lastly, based on the operating leverage in the business, we believe we can achieve incremental margins of around 50% of every dollar of additional revenue growth. To summarize, at Warner Bros. Discovery, we believe that in an already crowded market and at a time when the global economy is prompting many consumers to prioritize their purchase decisions, we are uniquely and best positioned to be at the top of global consumers’ lists for video entertainment. Our greatest strength and what positions us for success as a company long term is our ability to monetize our unparalleled collection of content in multiple ways in order to provide consumers choice and optimize asset value. That is what we intend to do and streaming the one key part of our overall strategy. We look forward to sharing more with you as we get closer to launch. And now I will turn it over to Gunnar for a closer look at our Q2 financials.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, JB, and good afternoon, everyone. As you heard from JB, we are taking thoughtful approach in how we intend to scale our D2C business smartly and methodically. And it’s just one component of a more balanced distribution strategy versus one that seeks to drive subscriber growth at any cost. This will be an important theme throughout the discussion of our second quarter financials and our outlook for the balance of the year as well as 2023. Turning to our financials. As you can see, it’s been an extremely busy first full quarter as a combined company, strategically, operationally and financially. Picking up from when we spoke to you last, while we have already implemented a significant number of initiatives following the closing of the WarnerMedia transaction, we’ve only become more confident about the long-term potential for Warner Bros. Discovery. The strategic logic behind bringing these two great companies together is as apparent and sound as when we announced the deal. As noted prior, the recently concluded upfront is a timely example of just that. Despite the more challenging macro environment, we’re very pleased with our performance, which proved the enormous value of our content portfolio to our advertising clients and as a differentiated means to service brands. Out of the gate as a combined company, we have been focused on debt pay-down and I am pleased to report that by the end of this month, we will have paid down $6 billion of debt since closing the transaction. We are equally as focused on integration and efficiency, and I’m very pleased with the progress of the synergy program. We now have 1,000 individual initiatives staffed. Measures already implemented worth $1 billion of run rate savings, the clear grip on milestones and business cases for at least another $2 billion in flight and eyes on further upside and opportunities. We will continue to update the market on progress as well as implications for related cost to achieve as we move our synergy program through the implementation stages. Now I’d like to very briefly address our Q2 results, which we are providing in a new segment structure. The composition of our new segments is very similar to the way Time Warner are presented previously. In addition to the second quarter financials, we also provided trending schedules, including 2021 segmented pro forma financials with the earnings release this afternoon to give you a financial baseline for Warner Bros. Discovery. The trending schedules are also available on our Investor Relations website. I will speak to the second quarter financials on a reported basis. And we’ll address growth rates on a pro forma combined FX basis, as always, to provide more transparency on underlying performance. Let’s turn to the individual segments, starting with Studios. Studios results were driven by strong games performance, specifically behind LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga as well as consumer products, while home entertainment and theatrical face difficult comparisons against last year’s strong COVID-lifted catalog sales and larger film slate. With the Networks, revenue was up 1% and EBITDA was down 11%. Advertising increased 2% globally, largely driven by sports on the Turner Nets in the U.S. while international advertising was down modestly, in large part due to the sale of Chilevisión last September as well as a decline in EMEA. Global Distribution revenue was down slightly with the U.S. flattish and international down 3%, which was impacted by pricing declines in Western Europe. EBITDA decreased in part due to increased sports rights cost versus last year. Within D2C, revenues increased by 4%, while adjusted EBITDA declined $325 million year-over-year. Performance was mainly driven by: number one, substantial content investments across the global footprint as part of the push to launch HBO Max in as many markets as possible prior to closing the deal; as well as number two, revenue pressures in the wake of sunsetting the Amazon distribution deal last September; and number three, tough prior year comps with 2021 enjoying the benefit of the day and date windowing strategy for Warner Bros. feature films. Consistent with our prior comments, we continue to thoughtfully spend ahead of the launch of our integrated product. In part, having put some planned new country launches on the back burner, but we are gearing up and are very excited for the global release of House of the Dragon in August, the highly anticipated prequel to Game of Thrones. Importantly, we are changing the way we present our D2C subscriber numbers going forward to align our subscriber definitions across the legacy Discovery and WarnerMedia businesses. Starting with the paying subscriber count reported on our Q1 earnings call of roughly 100 million subscribers, we have made the following key adjustments that totaled 10 million subscribers. First, the HBO Max subscriber number historically included certain unactivated subscribers under the AT&T Mobility distribution agreement. Consistent with legacy Discovery policy, we will exclude such unactivated subscribers going forward. Second, as JB detailed, we have refined our strategy with a clear focus on one combined D2C product. As such, going forward, we will exclude non-core D2C subscribers outside of the Discovery+ or HBO Max products from our account, such as subscribers of MotorTrend, Eurosport Player and a few smaller other products. Against this harmonized definition, we ended Q2 with 92.1 million subscribers, representing 1.7 million sequential net adds during the quarter. Please refer to the aforementioned trending schedules for historical subscriber data as per the harmonized definition. Please note that while we have adjusted our ARPU calculations for the corresponding revenues, total Warner Bros. Discovery D2C segment revenue will still include fees received from N4. Those subscribers no longer included in our core subscriber count.  Now turning to the consolidated group. On a consolidated basis, revenue was down 1%, driven by increased intercompany eliminations, impacted by larger internal sales and licensing, while adjusted EBITDA was down 31% or $812 million year-over-year. These results are driven by the legacy WarnerMedia businesses with significant cost increases across all segments. Please note, year-on-year, FX was a $228 million headwind to revenues and a $30 million headwind to adjusted EBITDA during the quarter. Despite the many crosscurrents running through our P&L at the moment, we ended the second quarter with $789 million of reported free cash flow. This included approximately $250 million of cash restructuring and one-time charges related to the merger and integration. With respect to overall Q2 financial performance, clearly, these results are neither indicative of the health of the underlying assets nor of their longer-term trajectory, but rather the fact that we’re starting from a less favorable position compared to our expectations. In addition to the clearly more challenging macroeconomic backdrop and a changing industry dynamic in the streaming space, we have also now had an opportunity to fully assess legacy WarnerMedia’s financials post-closing. Having concluded this process, we determined that certain legacy WarnerMedia budget projections that were made available to us prior to closing, varied from what we now view as legacy WarnerMedia’s budget baseline post-closing. On taking a deep dive in pressure testing, what we found, our assessment has resulted in lower EBITDA projections. Specifically, we identified a number of approved investments and foregone revenue in various parts of the business that, when taken together, impacted full year 2022 EBITDA by roughly $2 billion. Some examples of these business decisions include: number one, significant reductions in external content sales. As part of a corporate initiative to prioritize HBO Max growth globally, new content licensing deals to third parties were largely halted and content was, in general, made exclusive to HBO Max. This is, of course, an upside opportunity over time as we ramp initiatives back to a balanced level of monetization depending on relative value contributions. Number two, similarly, certain actions taken to limit HBO Max B2B distribution provided a headwind to performance, and we believe there may be opportunities to course correct. Number three, substantial investments in kids and animation content for both linear and D2C platforms without an adequate investment case against them. Number four, substantial investments in direct to HBO Max films, for which, again, we did not find sufficient support. This means adjusting the way we invest going forward and also evaluating those projects already completed or in progress. Wonder Twins, Batgirl and Scoob!: Holiday Haunt are examples of streaming films that do not fit this new strategic approach. These are difficult decisions, but we are committed to being disciplined about a framework that guides our content investment for maximum return. Number five, significant incremental and loss-making content investments for the Turner networks. Specifically content spend on shows that did not have a path to generate sufficient ratings or incremental monetization potential. And number six, incremental corporate expenses transferred from AT&T resulting from the spin-off of WarnerMedia as per the final carve-out financials. While these factors will, of course, impact our 2022 financial performance and 2023 to a lesser extent, we have implemented immediate measures to address and redirect the trend line. Most importantly, supported by key leadership changes and the introduction of a more robust framework for capital allocation based on financial metrics and measured KPIs. Key measures include: number one, the shutdown of CNN+. Number two, restructuring the scripted content portfolio on the linear net, kids and animation, direct to HBO Max films as well as international local content not sufficiently supported by robust enough investment cases. Number three, a more balanced approach to external licensing as we embrace a more holistic content monetization model for Warner Bros. Discovery globally, generating significant revenue upside while protecting key strategic franchises such as Friends, Big Bang Theory, Game of Thrones, etcetera. Number four, implementing an HBO Max distribution strategy aimed at wide availability as opposed to D2C only distribution. As well as number five, greater accountability, alignment and communication across businesses. Turning now to synergies. Our work on integration and transformation since closing gives us increased confidence in the synergy opportunity. Every day, over the past 15 weeks, I have experienced the muscle memory that many on our integration teams have built over the past years of change and integration. We have already implemented initiatives totaling more than $1 billion of run rate impact. This will grow from this point, the opportunity to implement transformational change across the global organization is enormous, and we’re being thoughtful about its prioritization and cadence. Individual initiatives range from direct merger-related opportunities such as consolidating our real estate footprint against hybrid and agile work environments to opportunities tied to David’s operating philosophy as one integrated company. The latter opens up tremendous transformation potential along systems integration, process harmonization and importantly, optimize utilization of our O&O promotion and advertising potential. I am very pleased with how well the program has progressed so far and based on the savings potential in our initiative funnel, I have full confidence that we will expect at least $3 billion of synergies overall, with $2 billion to $3 billion of synergy realization in 2023. Naturally, we will update the market regularly as certainty on value and timing increases. With that, I want to share our current thinking on the 2022 and 2023 financial outlook. As you may recall, we first developed our guidance for the combined Warner Bros. Discovery 15 months ago. Today, after 100 days of thorough analysis and financial planning post close, we are adjusting our 2022 and 2023 EBITDA outlook, primarily based on: first, a less favorable macroeconomic backdrop resulting in a more conservative outlook overall and for ad sales specifically. Second, a change in the streaming industry dynamics and our strategic response. And third, as noted earlier, the difference is in legacy WarnerMedia budget projections that were made available to us prior to closing versus what we now view as legacy WarnerMedia’s budget baseline post closing. Taking all these factors into account, 2022 will clearly be a transition year, and we see an adjusted EBITDA in the range of $9 billion to $9.5 billion. For further context, I’d like to provide some color on third quarter trends. Global advertising revenues in the third quarter will be impacted by some tough prior year comps, specifically the Summer Olympic Games, two NBA Eastern Conference finals games played in early July last year, as well as the sale of Chilevisión. And given the less favorable macro environment, we are seeing softer demand and the scatter market at the moment. As such, we expect Q3 global ad sales to decline by high single to low double digits based on current booking trends. On the positive side, we are beginning to see the impact of our course correcting measures and we expect some synergy capture beginning in the back half of this year. Furthermore, we expect to generate free cash flow of around $3 billion after cash cost to achieve in 2022. On that basis, I am expecting net leverage at year-end to be approximately 4.8x. Turning to our outlook for 2023. Based on the full year impact of our 2022 corrective actions and $2 billion to $3 billion of synergy realization in 2023, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be at least $12 billion. We expect to convert approximately third to half of our adjusted EBITDA into free cash flow in 2023 as we make progress towards our long-term target of approximately 60%. The cadence of content investments, restructuring spend, CapEx and working capital improvements will impact the timing of free cash flow generation. With that, I want to give a quick snapshot on our balance sheet. We are reiterating our long-term gross leverage target of 2.5 to 3x, which we expect to hit by the end of 2024, and our gross leverage will be within our current ratings category by mid-2024 or earlier. As stated before, we will continue to dedicate virtually all free cash flow generated to debt reduction until then. We had $53 billion of total debt at the end of Q2, including $6.5 billion of term loans. Importantly, our debt financing is generally long-term with an average maturity of more than 14 years and a 4.3% average interest rate and equally importantly, interest rates for the vast majority of our debt are fixed. We have no remaining payments due in 2022, and we currently have $1.3 billion due in 2023 and $4.3 billion due in 2024. Also note, earlier this week, we finalized the post-closing working capital adjustment process with AT&T as part of the merger agreement. And as a result of that, AT&T will pay us $1.2 billion in August. With that, and combined with prepayments made in July, by the end of August, we will have paid down $6 billion since closing the transaction in April. We have covered a lot of ground today, but we’ve really only scratched the surface with respect to the significant amount of strategic work being done across the organization. And we will take you through a much deeper dive with a comprehensive look across continent networks as well as D2C at our Analyst Day towards the end of the year. In closing, if there is one key message to take away is that we have never been more excited about the underlying strength of the creative bedrock of this combined company and the broad monetization opportunities for decades to come. David’s leadership team has come together quickly, and we’re fully focused on driving hard to deliver the value upside of this combination, and I remain excited to share our progress with you along the way. With that, I’d like to turn it over to the operator, and David, JB and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Bryan Kraft at Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft: Hi, good afternoon. I need to ask two, if I could. I guess, first, David, there is a lot of reporting in the press about some rates being delayed and of course, the canceling of Batgirl. I think that film, in particular, was almost completed. Can you just talk about the reason for decision to cancel Batgirl? What’s the issue? And what’s happening more broadly, Warner Bros. film business, changes you might be making and basically the direction you’re taking with the DC universe? And then just had one for JB on the SaaS product. Is the intent there to offer the SaaS service in Western markets like the U.S. where consumers are accustomed to paying for content or will it be more limited to markets where you’ve got – where you would have a low penetration of paid services and therefore, way of building penetration where you might not otherwise achieve it? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Great. Thanks, Bryan. Well, let me start with the fact that the Warner Bros. Motion Picture Group has fantastic IP and a great history, as you know, when they are turning 100. And between DC., the animation group together with the entire Warner library, our ambition is to bring Warner back and to produce great high-quality films. And as we look at the opportunities that we have, broadly, DC is one of the top of the list for us. We – when you look at Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Aquaman, these are brands that are known everywhere in the world, the ability to drive those all over the world with great story is a big opportunity for us. We have done a reset. We’ve restructured the business where we’re going to focus – where there will be a team with a 10-year plan focusing just on DC. It’s very similar to the structure that Alan Horn and Bob Iger put together very effectively with Kevin Feige at Disney. We think that we could build a long-term, much stronger sustainable growth business out of DC. And as part of that, we’re going to focus on quality. We’re not going to release any film before it’s ready. We’re not going to release a film to make a quarter. We’re not going to release a film under – the focus is going to be how do we make each of these films in general as good as possible. But DC is something that we think we can make better, and we’re focused on it now. We have some great DC films coming up, Black Adam, Shazam and The Flash. And we are working on all of those. We’re very excited about them. We’ve seen them. We think they are terrific, and we think we can make them even better. And that’s what Mike and Pam and the team are doing and focusing on that. Strategically, we’ve looked hard at the director streaming business. We’ve seen luckily by having access now to all the data, how direct-to-streaming movies perform. And our conclusion is that expensive direct-to-streaming movies in terms of how people are consuming them on the platform, how often people go there or buy it or buy a service for it and how it gets nourished over time is no comparison to what happens when you launch a film in the motion – in the theaters. And so this idea of expensive films going direct-to-streaming, we cannot find an economic case for it. We can’t find an economic value for it. And so we’re making a strategic shift. As part of that, we’ve been out in the town talking about our commitment to the theatrical exhibition and the theatrical window. A number of movies will be launched with shorter windows. Some might have different kinds of marketing campaigns where we take advantage of us having the biggest platform and a platform that all motion fiction companies look for. But we will always be agile. Our focus will be on theatrical. And when we bring the theatrical films to HBO Max, we find they have substantially more value. And we have an ecosystem where we can have the premier motion picture business. That’s why most people move to Hollywood. That’s why most people got in this business to be on the big screen when the lights went out and that is the magic. And the economic model is much stronger. And the other thing is that we’re going to focus very hard on quality. I said we’re not going to launch a movie until it’s ready. We’re not going to go into movie to make a quarter. And we are not going to release a movie and we’re not going to put a movie out unless we believe in it. And that’s it. I mean, particularly with DC, where we think we want to pivot and we want to elevate and we want to focus.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And Bryan, on fast, two quick comments. Number one is just a reminder that as we look at that space, the content we’re talking about for – that would be in that kind of a product would be totally different than the content it will be in our premium SVOD offering. So number one, the distinction is totally different and with over 100 titles – episodes across our combined portfolio. There is a lot of content that wouldn’t necessarily make sense in a premium product that might make sense to the fast. The second thing is on market by market, look, that’s part of the assessment that we’re going to – we’re looking at and we will look through over the next few months. And as we have more details of how we think and where we think the opportunity is the richest, we will come back to you and take you through it.
David Zaslav: Just – the objective is to grow the DC brand, to grow the DC characters, but also our job is to protect the DC brand, and that’s what we’re going to do.
Bryan Kraft: Thank you.
Andrew Slabin: Great. Operator, next question please.
Operator: You next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich of Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I hope you meant questions. So if it’s okay, I’d actually like to go around to each one of the speakers. David, one thing – I mean, you have an amazing set of assets, but one thing that’s clearly being challenged are your linear networks. I think the big surprise in Q2 results so far is how bad the video sub losses are in the U.S. So could you just talk about your – kind of your longer-term view of your linear networks? For JB, just on the content side, it sounds like sports news are going to be an important part of your content strategy. How different is that from linear? How are you thinking about getting new content for direct-to-consumer? And then, Gunnar, just on the guidance, so if you take your ‘22 guidance of $9 billion to $9.5 billion plus $2 billion to $3 billion, I guess, synergy, we’re at $11.5 billion to $12 billion for ‘23 as a base. But what about – if D2Cs – direct-to-consumer losses are peaking this year and coming down, can you give us color on the magnitude upfront? It sounds like pricing was great, film should be normalized. Where do you see the underlying growth?
David Zaslav: Well, why don’t I start with the linear business because we’re big believers in the linear business. There is some secular decline. There is been secular decline. It’s leveled off. It’s declined more. In the end, you look at March Madness, the biggest numbers since ‘94. The NBA up dramatically. That was at a time when people said nobody below a certain age is watching. Well, they are tuning in for sport, they are tuning in for news. And when you look at the overall portfolio that we have, live sports, live news, together with entertainment and the best kind of branded non-fiction library where people get up, the levers of food of HG of ID and watch all day. So we think it’s very hard to predict, but we expect it’s going to be a very significant cash generator for us and a very good business for us for many, many years to come. We have a great team running it. This is what we do. It’s what we know how to do. We have a team that’s been doing this for 30 years. If the linear business is a race car, we’ve got a team of race car drivers. And when we hear a noise or it’s in third gear, we know how to fix it. It’s a business we know well. We haven’t begun to implement the libraries that we have now, where we could take content that document – old documentaries on crime from HBO and put them on ID or take programming that exists in the library and move them on each of the cable channels or vice versa. So we just – that hasn’t begun yet. We also are first getting our hands around the idea that we are very often the largest player in America in terms of our reach and the ability to use that now to tell people when they are watching hockey, you could come over now and watch Discovery. And if they want, of course, use our existing platforms to drive viewership from channel to channel. So I’ve been around a long time. Broadcast was dead when I was hanging out with Jack in the ‘90s. That was what people said. But in the end, that reach and the ability to drive advertising product is what kept it alive. We’re still seeing CPM increases. We were in the low to mid-teens this time. We’re big believers, and we think that’s going to help us. Having said that, the great thing that we have is we’re going to have both sides. We have this very compelling free cash flow driver around the world, domestically and around the world. And then we have the dual service, the HBO Max and Discovery+ coming together, together with our full on over the next few years, initiative of having a full basket in traditional and from free to premium to ad-light in digital. And a big advantage in that right now, HBO Max has never been hotter. Quality is what matters, quality is what Casey and that team is delivering. It’s the best team in the business. We’re doubling down on that HBO team. They are all committed under contract, and we’re going to spend dramatically more this year and next year than we spent last year and the year before.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Jessica, on the sports and news for streaming, I guess I’d categorize it as on sports, it’s really about experimentation that I’d say – and we’re going to continue to be disciplined. We have essentially two experiments ongoing, which is one where we bundle sports. In this case, Champions League in Brazil and Mexico into our core entertainment offering at the same price as a – really as an acquisition driver, and we are very happy with the results there. And then we got a second one in Europe, where we upsell sports through a – to a buy through tier at a higher price point. And obviously, we will be doing more of that now as we get closer to closing on our BT Sports deal in the UK which is probably will be the biggest experiment on that. And so we love the two experiments we have going, and I think we want to see that play out a little bit more to understand better what is the right strategy there. But we’re going to stay disciplined and smart as it relates to sports. In news, I’d say it’s really more about we see live news is still a critical healthy, important part of the traditional pay-TV ecosystem. And so, live news will continue to be exclusively in that service. But that long-form factual programming from CNN in particular, with their award-winning Originals and CNN films, that has a natural home and a huge demand that we can associate now initially on Discovery+, as we announced this morning, and then eventually sitting firmly within the future product as it comes together. And lastly, on news, we obviously continue to see outside of our kind of core streaming products with CNN.com and the CNN digital services, a lot more opportunities with over 100 million users across the world to continue to experiment with that product and move potentially on ways to find not just ad-supported models, but other models where we can monetize that significant user base that comes to the service.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. And then Jessica, on the guidance. So just to recap, we adjusted our outlook predominantly for three reasons. The macroeconomic outlook that today is a little less supportive than it was 15 months ago or even in April when we last spoke, the industry dynamics in the streaming space and then the differences that we see between projections made available to us prior to closing versus what now the legacy WarnerMedia budget baseline post close. And to answer your question specifically, that you walk from the $9 billion, $9.5 billion for this year to the $12 billion for next year, the math is obviously right. So you are right, $2 billion to $3 billion of synergy capture, as I said. I also do think that we’re going to see some flow through from the course correction measures that we have implemented right after closing that should support the first quarter, second quarter of next year. So if you put that together, the answer is yes, I’m not really assuming any meaningful growth in the underlying or underlying growth in the business as usual in those numbers. The main reason is, as I laid out in the outlook for Q3, is the macroeconomic environment. There are so many factors right now. I just don’t think it’s prudent to guide to a significant underlying improvement here in the core business. That said, we are super excited about the progress we’re making on the synergy side. David spoke a little bit about the linear business. I do think that there are further cost opportunities there. So we will keep monitoring the external factors. We will keep doing the work for the areas that we control and update you as we go along.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Great. Thank you.
Andrew Slabin: Great. Operator, lets go to the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much for taking the question. So Gunnar, following through on that, the 33% to 50% free cash flow conversion in 2023, what’s holding that back from your usual 50% to 60% that you talk about? And does that get carried by ‘24 or is that long-term goal of 60%, something that’s going to feather in over a longer period of time? And JB, I’m just curious on what’s your confidence level in the ability to increase engagement? It’s a big driver, I think, of what you’re trying to do. And as that engagement increases and you’re able to monetize advertising at a higher and higher level, is the thought that you keep the price point and let that ad dollars flow through to the bottom line? Or do you lower your ad supported to your price point and try to broaden out the service? How are you thinking about pricing on the ad tier particularly in the United States? Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Let me start, Doug, with your cash flow question. So bottom line, the drivers behind this third to half conversion guidance are essentially the same that I laid out for the EBITDA outlook. And then in addition to that, we obviously, right now, have a number of moving pieces and cross currents in our financials. As we move through our restructuring, the cost to achieve for our synergy program, there will definitely be some CapEx requirements, and we will have to see how the cadence for our content investment pans out. So these are all factors that are going to impact these numbers, especially sort of from a year-over-year basis. But to your point, I don’t want to give guidance for 2024 yet, but I am confident that we will see continued progress towards that longer term goal.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And Doug, on the questions on the streaming. On engagement, I will tell you that I think there is there levers that we think are key and why we are confident in our ability to drive much better engagement. Number one is kind of a brand marketing point, which is, obviously, HBO and HBO Max has stood for something which was a very high-quality premium scripted in particular, drama series. They have never executed a real brand campaign to define what the new service is. And as we think about rolling out our new service, certainly, we will be coming a market with a big noisy campaign, expanding the proposition with a much, much bigger content offering. And so, a, we think the brand and the marketing component of this is significant. Second is, obviously, the content proposition will be drastically enhanced as we bring the two services together with a much more complete array of content across all the genres that I talked through earlier. And then third, the product enhancements can’t be underestimated. We see this from the HBO Max product today, where limitations on search and Discovery really limit the amount of content that is surfaced and viewed by users. And we are confident based on what we have seen from the Discovery+ side and a much more – much broader use of content and a much longer use of watch time that we can actually get the combined product to see a much higher engagement level. That’s one. And two, on the pricing, nothing to share with you at the moment. We are working through a bunch of different scenarios, but this far out from when we will come to market, we really don’t want to discuss specific pricing yet, but we will certainly have more details for you probably as we go into 2023.
Doug Mitchelson: Alright. Thank you.
Andrew Slabin: Thanks Doug. Let’s move on to the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good afternoon. Wanted to ask you about the longer term outlook for direct-to-consumer. And I know we are going to hear a lot more at your Investor Day, so you might not have a lot of details. But it sounds like you are going to have a bit of a pause here in growing the business as you get everything over to one product and one tech stack. When we think about that 40 million net adds, in the path to $1 billion of EBITDA, should we be thinking about that growth as being really kind of starting at least in earnest back half of next year? And so it’s kind of ‘24 or ‘25 when we will sort of see what this business can do? And then I am just wondering, David, you guys clearly have a view that sort of the streaming at all cost strategy is flawed. I think there is a lot of – probably sympathy for that in the market today. If you look back to 2019 when HBO was mostly wholesale, the business did like $2.5 billion of EBITDA, which wasn’t that long ago. I am just wondering when you think about the long-term opportunity here, can you get back to those kind of economics? I know you just laid out a ‘25 target, but did you entertain the idea of really rolling back the strategy more substantially or at least thinking about reclaiming those historical economics for the business? Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: But actually – this is Gunnar. Let me actually take both questions because I think they are very related. So, we laid out some building blocks for the longer term outlook for D2C. And to answer your question specifically, there are obviously two drivers. One is the revenue growth and the operational gearing from that revenue growth. And I think directionally, you are right. As we said, we are going to be a little more cautious regarding marketing, etcetera, before re-launching. And so a lot of that incremental growth is going to kick in sort of after our JV has re-launched their product in the summer. The other point, though, is cost savings. And as we said before, D2C has a lot of synergy opportunity. We see savings opportunities and synergy opportunities across the entire cost side of the P&L. And that obviously is going to start kicking in earlier. And I mean in the very short-term, we are all super excited about House of the Dragon. HBO, as you heard David and JB say, in the middle of the largest marketing campaign ever, so hopefully, that’s going to be a big helper for the very near-term in this quarter. And then to your point about the long-term perspective, again, the $2.5 billion I don’t want to give an additional number here, but you heard JB say what we think is possible to be achieved, $1 billion in 2025 despite the fact that we are still seeing some start-up losses in that number, even in 2025 for markets rolled out later. And we do continue to see, even for the combined company, a long-term margin opportunity of north of 20%. And that’s on the basis of our combined model now with sort of fully fledged frameworks on the various cost buckets. So, we are confident that this is going to be a great addition – an additional platform. And as we said, not being religious about turning the entire company into a support pipeline for D2C, but D2C as one additional platform. So, I think this is a great outlook. We are excited about it. We are committed, and we will implement these plans and keep you posted.
David Zaslav: There was some buzz today about HBO Max, and we are going to start doing less series. And the – our strategy is to embrace and support and drive the incredible success that HBO Max is having. It’s really – the culture and the taste of Casey and the team and the fact that they not only read the scripts, but they fight with all their creatives to make the content and storytelling is as strong as possible. It’s at a very unique moment. We think it’s an extraordinary asset. It’s an extraordinary advantage. I have said this before, it’s not how much. It’s how good. That aligns with us at Discovery as well in the content that we have been doing and the characters and the way that we drive brand. But the majority of the people on Casey’s team have been locked up. Casey is here for the next 5 years, and we hope longer. He is truly a unicorn. His ability to relate to talent, to make content better, his leadership, and you see it in what’s been coming out of HBO and how it’s affecting the culture and the energy and what people are talking about. But we want it to be broader. Casey and the team wants it to be broader. And we are starting to have some real success. We are now going to put in everything that’s on Discovery+ and all that original content as well as some of the premium content from CNN. And it will be the home of all of that. And we will, as one company come behind that. And we think that, that product is going to be superb. And that is – it’s about curation, it’s about quality, it’s about how good. And so the center spoke of that is the quality of HBO Max and that team. We have already started creative meetings within the HBO Max team, together with – we now meet once a week all the creatives of the company. That’s something that we have initiated with me on the lot in person in addition to the multiple overall staff meetings, but the creative meetings with everyone together has been really effective. And a way to not only talk about storytelling, but talk about how do you share content and how do we help each other with great talent. So, very encouraged and very supportive.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And Ben, as you probably can imagine, the number one thing in our view for a successful streaming service as a business is to get churn down and to have a low churn number. At the end of the day, having great, but appointment – small amount of appointment viewing series, the challenge is people come in and then they go out, if there is nothing else. And ultimately, the breadth of the offering matters to get the churn down so that there is something for everyone in the household, everyone in the family. And we have seen it across all our data points where the more people you have in a household, using the service, the stickier it is, the lower your churn is, the more viable our business is. And so at the end of the day, putting all the content together was really the only option we saw to making this a viable business. And as David said, I think it’s important given some of the noise, but that HBO and the Max Originals remain the unequivocal home with the best premium television and it remains the centerpiece of our combined streaming platform given the quality that’s coming out of Casey and that team.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And JB, I should have mentioned as well that as part of our projections, that’s the part that’s going to continue growing. We are spending as much as never before, and we intend to keep growing that spend for HBO content, to be clear.
Ben Swinburne: Appreciate all the color. Thanks guys.
David Zaslav: Thanks Ben. Operator, let’s take the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Robert Fishman: Hi. Good afternoon. I have one for David and one for JB or Gunnar. David, you discussed continuing to sell to third-parties. Can you just help us in how you are thinking about HBO’s strategy to sell content to Sky going forward in lieu of launching D2C directly in those markets? And then for JB or Gunnar, can you address how do you plan to allocate your future sports costs like the NBA renewal to D2C, or how important the ad-light or FAS platforms play into your $1 billion EBITDA target or achieving that 20% long-term D2C margin? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Great. In legacy Discovery, we own together with Mike Fries and Malone, all three media. We had 30 production companies. And we would look in awe at Warner Bros. Television as the – really the greatest and largest and most highest quality production operation and the incredible names and talent that they have. And so the legacy of Warner is creating great content and selling it. I mean less built a big business by carrying all of Warner Bros. content. I have said it before when we were at NBC, it was must-see TV. Jack Welch, when the content – when the entertainment guys left the room, he said it was Warner Bros. TV. A maker, they are a maker and the greatest maker of content. That’s the heritage of this company. We want to sell to third-parties. It’s a very profitable business for us. We think it could be more profitable. There is a lot of money being spent for the best content. We have some of the best of it. And we want to continue to do that, and we are going to do that. In addition, we have a huge library of content. And strategically, we are pivoting to the decision of anything that’s important to us to growing HBO, HBO Max, sitting down with Casey, sitting down with JB, going through the data, what’s critical to us. We are going to keep that exclusively. What kind of content could be non-exclusive and have no impact on us, why we want to monetize that to drive economic value. And then this content that we are not even using right now. So, massive amounts of TV and motion picture content that we are not using. So, do we use that to just develop our own best-of-class free platform? Do we sell a lot of that, and that’s what we are going to come back to you with.
Jean-Briac Perrette: And on Sky specifically, Robert, we obviously have multiple years left in our existing and important and long-standing relationship with them. And so it’s not – we don’t have to deal with that question at this point. Sky, the deal, as we talked about, has another – is outside of the 2025 time horizon that we gave you projections on. And so as we get closer to the end of that deal, we will certainly come back to you with further thoughts on how we go to market in those three markets.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then Robert, just to clarify two things. Number one, any fast activity is not part of the guidance that we laid out earlier. Again, we will update you as we go along. And then to the point about allocating sports costs, I just want to make one thing clear. So, the way we are now segmenting the business is following the structure, how David looks at the business, that informs sort of the segment reporting structure. But importantly, we are also treating these individual segments essentially as individual units, and that means that all the intercompany activity revenues and costs are essentially negotiated on an arm’s length basis. So, from that perspective, you should assume that any content, sports or otherwise, is going to be accounted for at essentially fair third-party terms. And you will see the – this leads to a bigger chunk of eliminations in our consolidated P&L. But I think is the best way to really clearly and fairly show the actual economics of the businesses and needless to say, is also important from the perspective of our partners in the studio space. It’s very important that we account at fair market values and third-party terms.
Robert Fishman: Great. Thanks a lot.
Andrew Slabin: Thanks Robert. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Morris of Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Michael Morris: Thank you, guys. Good afternoon. I would like to ask one about HBO and the HBO brand. I know you are going to share more with us later in the year, but there has been some press indications that maybe you don’t feel like the HBO brand itself is broad enough or it doesn’t have as much value maybe on a global basis as you would be looking for. So, I am curious if you can share anything about how you feel about that brand and the future of sort of maximizing that. And my second question maybe for Gunnar. When you were discussing the items that have impacted your projections, you have mentioned a couple of times change in streaming industry dynamics, I guess relative to when you initiated the merger. I am hoping you can expand on that a bit. So, I understand that valuations have come in, but maybe could you be more specific on the dynamics that you see now is impacting the industry or the profitability of the business that you didn’t see a year ago? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks Michael. Well, first, I think the HBO brand is one of the great crown jewels of the company and represents so much and how we all got introduced to really what premium television and series were really all about. We are going to look at – we continue to look. The data right now is – more and more, if you look at how people see HBO Max, more and more people are saying that’s the place they go, that’s the place that they prefer, it’s the place that has the highest quality. That data looks different than it did a year ago. It looks different than it did six months ago. So, we are talking to consumers, and we are evaluating, and we will let you know when we make a determination.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Also the HBO brand, no matter what, as David said, being a crown jewel will live on. There is a difference between what the service may eventually be called or not versus what HBO is. HBO will always be the beacon and the ultimate brand that stands for the best of television quality. So, that remains unchanged in any scenario in our mind.
David Zaslav: Whether it’s in the topco name or not, and we will keep you posted as we make the final decision.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then, Mike, on the industry dynamics, look, I think it’s clear that over the past 12 months and even more so over the past six months maybe, a lot of the viewpoints here have changed. And most importantly, when it comes to industry-wide subscriber growth, top line growth, and obviously, a lot of the cost structuring decisions, specifically for content sort of are being made 18 months, 24 months in advance. The most important point here for us is sort of the strategic response, as JB laid out, is one that focuses on value and on revenue rather than purely subscriber numbers. And I also think if you take a step back here from a longer term perspective, the way I look at the changes in the industry, I view that actually as additional support for how we have all along been describing our strategy. D2C is one platform in a larger portfolio of assets and in a larger lineup of distribution outlets. We are not going to be religious about driving hard to fuel just one platform. D2C has its space and Warner Bros. Discovery is uniquely positioned with the enormous surface area with our customers to service them and to tell great stories for decades to come.
Andrew Slabin: Okay. Thank you. Let’s move on to the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Hodulik of UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks guys and thanks for all the information this afternoon. First, on the content spend. We had you guys down for between $17 billion and $18 billion on a pro forma basis in cash content spend. And David, on the back of your commentary that you are going to spend dramatically more, can you give us an idea of how that grows over the – first of all, if that’s in the ballpark and how that grows over the next 6 year – or the next few years as you reach those ‘25 targets? And then on the sub growth, you laid out sort of adding 40 million subs to hit those targets. How do you see that broken down in terms of U.S. versus rest of the world? I mean I think most of the growth you have been seeing recently has been rest of the world and you have had some speed bumps here in the U.S. with Amazon and AT&T. But do you expect to be able to reignite U.S. or domestic D2C growth as you guys roll out this new – the new product? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Thanks. Look, we will – we are going to spend significantly more on the HBO Max product, in other areas, we will spend less because we are not finding an effective return. In the aggregate, we are going to spend more money on content. We are a content company. That’s our product. That’s what we do. We want the best creatives here at Warner and at HBO and at Warner Bros. Television and across our traditional platforms, creating content. And we have worked in the budget that, that content spend will go up in each year and the years to come. JB?
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. I mean I think we ultimately are going to be measured in terms of our spend. As David said, we were reprioritizing what we are going to invest in. In terms of the penetration, obviously, the U.S., the HBO Max and Discovery+ products are more penetrated than we are in much of the international markets. So, by math, we will see more growth coming from outside the U.S., from inside U.S. But nonetheless, we do see still a meaningful opportunity to get greater penetration in the U.S. even if the total numbers inherently of that $40 million will likely skew more to international just because of the size of the opportunity.
David Zaslav: But the number – the number on the corner of JB’s desk and mine is the breakeven and the $1 billion. If we do that – I don’t really care what the number is. We are not in the business of trying to pick up every sub. We want to make sure we get paid. We get paid fairly. We have very high-quality content in many markets, we should be paid more because we are providing dramatically better content and more robust content and higher quality content. If the number is 122 and we are making over $1 billion, that is the number for us. We are going to grow subs significantly, but we want to run – we want to drive profitability and free cash flow.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then on the – the one other point that I would want to make on the content spend is to the point that David made, we are ramping up content spend. Both companies have been spending more and have been renting up the cash spend. So, that should be viewed as one of the drivers as well for the site to know our cash conversion also into next year as amortization over time catches up with the higher spend as we grow our business.
John Hodulik: Makes sense. Thanks guys.
Andrew Slabin: Okay. Thank you. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet of Citi Group. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: I just had a very basic question. If you guys penciled out the streaming business, the DTC business, and it was demonstrably better than linear, you would be jumping in with both fleet, right? And as Swinburne said, I think the market agrees with you that they don’t really see that today. Might – and so they understand your sort of path to pursue both linear and DTC. My question is this. Do you think that there is something endemic to the DTC business that will always make it worse, like churn or the amount of content you have to put into the app to make it relevant, or do you think it’s something that is potentially transitory like the pricing is just loaded today and if the industry dynamics change and pricing goes up, it could be, in fact, a business that’s as good as linear?
David Zaslav: Thanks Jason. First, I think having both is a gift. This is a fully balanced company. We have our linear and free-to-air. We are a big maker of content for profit. We have gaming where we take our IP into gaming for profit. We have the motion picture business to gather some of the greatest talent in the world and for profit, and then we have our streaming. So, having the amount of free cash flow that we are driving to in order to fund and support thoughtfully the streaming business, which is critical as we transition, is a gift. I do think the business is going to change. There will be probably over time, there will be re-packaging. It’s for people to – they will probably end up being a couple of the best services, which we expect and will drive to be and they will be re-packaging either by the programmers or by intermediaries like an Apple or a Roku or an Amazon. And the experience the consumers will become easier and as it becomes easier, some of the economic terms and churn may change. I believe it’s over – that it’s underpriced. What has ended up happening is it was a reaction to the capital markets. Let’s just go ahead and collapse businesses, overspend on content. People have shown that they were very happy to buy HBO, Showtime, Epic [ph]. There is a big group of people in America that love premium television. There is a big group that love a robust bouquet of opportunity. And they are willing to spend a lot of money domestically and outside the U.S., not as much, but they are willing to pay. It was a decision to say, why have them pay a lot. Let’s just collapse everything in and spend, spend, spend and then charge very little. And I think that was supported by this idea like clicks in the ‘90s that subs were going to be great currency. And so we are going to be very sensible. We are about free cash flow. We have got the best library, we think and the highest quality content. We think we could build a great business – streaming business to touch everyone. But we are not collapsing businesses on it. And I think sensibility will be that there will be a lot of people that are willing to pay a lot more for the quality that we have.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. And maybe just to add to that just quantitatively. Look, I wouldn’t judge a business by how it compares to a 40%, 50% linear business, right. That’s – I mean I think that’s well understood that that’s a high bar. We spoke – we reiterated earlier that we see 20% plus margin potential for the D2C business. We are assuming moderate price and ARPU increases as JB laid out. And look, at the end of the day, the last thing I would also say is it’s not either/or. I mean the strength of our business and our opportunity here is the fact that we can manage these various distribution outlets at the same time. And I think these ecosystems will coexist for a very, very long time, and that’s where we really get the superior returns for our content investments that we are able to monetize the content and get a return on every dollar spent across so many platforms.
David Zaslav: We effectively have four, five or six cash registers. If there is a cash register where a consumer can come in and either watch or pay for a piece of content, we have every platform in the ecosystem. And in a world where things are changing, and there is a lot of uncertainty and there is a lot of disruption, it’s that’s – to me, that’s a lot more stable and a lot better than having one cash register.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Great. Thanks Jason. Appreciate it. And operator, if we could take the last question, we would appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Creutz of Cowen & Co. Please go ahead.
Doug Creutz: Hey. Thanks for getting me on. With the rollout of the combined product next summer, obviously, you have two separate products now that have pretty different content offerings and pretty different price points. How conceptually do you plan to manage that transition? Are you going to allow people who subscribe to legacy services to remain on those services? Are there going to be forced conversions? Can you talk a little bit how you envision that playing out? Thank you.
Jean-Briac Perrette: Yes. Doug, we will have a migration plan that will allow, obviously, some element of, particularly, as you can imagine, the lower price Discovery+ subscribers for some period of time, to grandfather into the new product and migrate them – or migrate as many of them as possible up to the new product. And so that is all part of the transition plan to obviously get people, optimize the number of subscribers that we retain, but at the same time, at some point, make sure that the people who own the service are stepping up at some point in time to the inevitable higher price point than the current Discovery+ prices that are at today. So, there will be a transition plan that maximizes essentially retention of subscribers, but ultimately also gets to the right ARPU and price points over a relatively short period of time.
Doug Creutz: Thank you.
Andrew Slabin: Thanks so much Doug and thank you everybody for joining us. And that will conclude our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference call for this afternoon. We would like to thank everyone for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: 00:03 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Additionally, please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded. 00:28 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: 00:39 Good morning and welcome to Warner Bros. Discovery's Q1 earnings call. With me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer. 00:52 Before we start, I'd like to remind you that today's conference call will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include comments regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and our subsequent filings made with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. You should have received a copy of our Q1 results. If not, please feel free to visit our website at ir.wbd.com. 01:44 With that, let me turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: 01:48 Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. Two weeks ago we closed our transformational merger and began our next chapter as Warner Bros. Discovery. As we began the exciting work of bringing together the rich legacies of these two great companies, our mission is simple, to be the world's best storytellers with world-class products for consumers. 02:16 It's been fantastic to finally have the teams working together, and I loved having the opportunity to get time with the new leaders across WarnerMedia, as well as thousands of employees across key locations in the US. And I couldn't be more impressed by the strong sense of motivation and excitement, an opportunity to unleash the potential of the combined talent pool of this new grade company. 02:42 These last few months in our industry have been an important reminder that while technology will continue to empower consumers of video entertainment, the recipe for long-term success is still made up of a few key ingredients. Number one, world-class IP content that is loved all over the globe; two, distribution of that content on every platform and device where consumers want to engage, whether it's theatrical or linear or streaming; three, a balanced monetization model that optimizes the value of what we create and drives diversified revenue streams; and four, finally, durable and sustainable free cash flow generation. 03:38 Warner Bros. Discovery emerges as a far more balanced and competitive company and uniquely positioned to deliver on these four critical ingredients. We have no religion about any one platform or window versus another, and we intend to approach each and every decision through a lens of enhancing asset value against a set of financial returns. Our goal is to maximize long-term shareholder value and asset value, not just subs. We will not overspend to drive subscriber growth. 04:18 Our focus is to invest in content and platforms that extend the life and return of our global IP, and position us to drive greater returns out of each dollar of content spend than our peers and to ultimately drive free cash flow. And we will refine our capital allocation and content windowing decisions accordingly. We can maximize the distribution of our global IP in a number of ways guided by simplicity and choice for consumers. 04:54 In streaming, we have a massive opportunity to reach the widest possible addressable market by offering a range of tiers, all with the most compelling and complete portfolio of content. A premium and attractively priced ad-free direct-to-consumer product, a lower-priced ad-light tier, something we have had tremendous success with and is our highest ARPU product, and some very price-sensitive markets outside the United States, we can even offer an advertiser-only product. 05:32 We have the ability to ring any number of cash registers theatrical, gaming, premium home video, Pay TV and free-to-air broadcast. Plus streaming now with a 100 million collective subscribers, it is a growing and important complement to these existing and traditional avenues of monetization, and represents true optionality that over time will drive our strategic decision-making. 06:05 Given the depth of our content, decades of film and scripted and unscripted television series, many of the most iconic brands and franchises, including half of the MGM library, supported by a continuous pipeline of new production, together with the world's news leader, CNN, and a large international offering of live sports, we have enormous flexibility in terms of how we monetize these assets. 06:35 We benefit from a deep history of world-class content production, Warner Brothers films, Warner Brothers Television and HBO, through Global leaders that are producing at scale, through content makers, like Warner Bros. Discovery, with an ability to produce and control the content IP versus those that just write checks are positioned best to win. 07:07 As you've heard me say, we are not trying to win the direct-to-consumer spending war. To begin with, we firmly believe the two content companies coming together have unique advantages, including the largest film and television library from Warner, largest domestic and international lifestyle library from Discovery, and significant global live sports and news. This strong foundational offering will allow us to invest in scale smartly and more uniquely position us in our drive to become a fully scaled global streaming leader. We come into this transformational moment with great creative momentum.  07:51 Just to give you a glimpse, starting with the global success of the Batman at Warner Bros. Studios, and Warner Bros. Television, Ted Lasso, and breakout hit series Abbott Elementary on ABC, which was just renewed for a second season, and of course, Chuck Lorre's unique and compelling content. 08:12 The HBO Max, which is on such a role, fresh off record viewing for HBO series Euphoria, Winning Time, Gilded Age and Barry, the hit Max Originals and just like that, Peacemaker and The Flight Attendant. And in Europe, the Beijing Olympic Games at Discovery; Chip and Jo in the launch of Magnolia, and 90 Day is a real strong performer on Sunday nights, just to name a few. 08:41 One of the company's unique assets is the linear network group, and in 2021 taken together, we enjoyed the number one share in total television total day in all key demos and people two-plus. And we have the greatest brands HG, Food, HBO, Discovery, CNN, NBA, March Madness, NHL, Magnolia, The Oprah Winfrey Network. Our balanced verticals and content genres across scripted, lifestyle, sports and news provide us with significant opportunities to not only cross-promote for the benefit of the portfolio, but also to offer compelling reach and targeting campaigns for our advertising partners. I'll speak to this a little more in a moment, but this isn't just a domestic phenomenon.  09:45 In LATAM, for example, we are now the number one or two pay-TV programmer in every market and we bolstered our position as the second-largest broadcaster in Europe. Again, we are excited about the strength of our sports portfolio and the optionality that gives the new company. We enjoyed our exciting March Madness and Final Four, NBA regular season, and what looks to be a strong playoffs at Turner, and capping off our first season of the NHL and playoffs. Major League Baseball has just starting to come together, while having just completed a robust Olympic Games in Europe, as I noted. 10:30 Lastly, CNN is once again setting the standard for groundbreaking and journalism first news coverage. During critical moments, the world turns to CNN. At its core, CNN is the nation's premier news outlet and has the number one digital news service in United States with 35 million unique monthly users. The heroic reporting of the Ukraine reminds us all that CNN is the world's most impactful news platform. And for us, a true reputational asset. 11:07 From a management perspective, we have brought together a strong leadership team in a streamlined structure to foster better command and control and strategic clarity and coordination across the entire company. We've just begun to hit the ground running with the teams and the broader organization. My focus is to foster a culture of collaboration and to embrace a singular focus around being the top home for the best and most diverse talent and creators to bring their stories to Warner Bros. Discovery. 11:41 We will have our heads down across the company and we'll have a more formalized and detailed outlook across our businesses to share in the coming months. So in the course of initial planning, integration and synergy capture, early action priority items for me will be the upfront. Like with scripts, we are fortunate to have closed the transaction in time for this year's upfront marketplace. We expect our presentation on May 18 to be an important opportunity for the company to share the full suite of our combined network portfolio, the top talent and personalities within the family and the breadth of genres across series, specials, news, sports, streaming and the best lifestyle content in the world. 12:29 The combined strengths of both organizations' client relationships, advanced advertising, programmatic, sponsorships and direct-to-consumer, ad-light streaming services, all positioned the company with a unique hand. I've personally spent quite a bit of time with key advertisers and agencies, and I'm so impressed with the combined capability of our platforms and our ability to uniquely serve the needs of our clients, including integrating sports alongside our broad entertainment offerings.  13:06 One offering where before it was Discovery Warner and sports, now as one it's simpler and provides more value to advertisers. In many respects, we are building upon the momentum that Jon Steinlauf has built with Premiere, bringing unduplicated broadcast equivalent reach and greater share to advertisers, helping us to secure a greater share of revenue. I remain very enthusiastic about the upside here and this multi-year opportunity. 13:43 Direct to consumer. JB and his team are deeply involved in the early integration phase and go-to-market plans having had very little interaction across the organizations during the pre-closing period. This will take some time, though key steps to identify and analyze technology proficiencies, subscriber concentration and overlap, content opportunities, marketing and pricing strategies are all underway. 14:12 Content. Kathleen Finch on the network side, along with Casey, Channing and Toby are assessing the opportunity across the entire organization and they are significant, as drivers of both more efficient spend as well as revenue upside. By direct to consumer, we'll have more to say in time, particularly on windowing as well as content sharing.  14:38 And finally, synergies. We have been working hard for months and are now validating and executing against those 200-plus workstreams. The attack is strategic, operational, structural and financial. We will clearly take swift and decisive action on certain items as you saw last week with CNN+, while others will take time to formulate appropriate action plans. 15:10 We’ve detailed a $3 billion-plus cost synergy plan, and we're already on our way with coordinated efforts from our transformation office as to the waves of which this will unfold. Just 18 days in, we are as enthusiastic and excited as ever with the opportunity ahead to integrate and drive the new Warner Bros. Discovery. The leadership team is locking arms on our integration plans and long-term growth strategy. And we look forward to providing more detail on each of these in the coming months. 15:45 I'll hand it over to Gunnar after which he and I will answer some questions.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: 15:51 Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. What an exciting moment. It's great to finally be able to tackle the challenges and embrace the opportunities ahead as we begin the hard work to integrate WarnerMedia and Discovery. Please remember that today's call is predominantly meant to discuss Discovery's Q1 operating performance. So as you know, our merger with WarnerMedia closed just after the end of Q1 on April 8. To the extent possible at this time, I will share some reflections on our early observations, as well as WarnerMedia Q1 results that AT&T disclosed last week. 16:25 Starting with a quick review of Q1 results for Discovery standalone. Discovery's first quarter US advertising revenues were up 5% year-over-year. Our next-gen advertising products like Discovery+ and Go performed well and we continue to see positive impact from last year's upfront, which helped to outpace delivery declines on the linear side. While the scatter market continues to be solid with pricing up over 30% versus upfront, visibility, not surprisingly, continues to remain limited given the current macro environment. 16:57 For us, categories like auto, technology and CPG are weaker versus last year, while travel, entertainment and retail remain healthy. US distribution revenues were up 11% year-over-year, largely driven by the growth of Discovery+ subscribers throughout 2021, while linear affiliate revenues were also up year-over-year as rate increases continued to outpace subscriber declines. Our fully distributed subscribers were down 4% as were total portfolio subscribers when correcting for the impact of the sale of our Great American Country network in early June last year. 17:35 Turning to International, which I will discuss on a constant currency basis. Advertising grew 11% in the first quarter, in part helped by the Beijing Winter Olympic Games, as well as underlying momentum in certain key markets, such as the UK, Germany and Latin America. That said, we did begin to see some limited impact from the conflict in Ukraine towards the end of the first quarter in markets such as Poland and Germany, as well as some macro headwinds similar to the US. While visibility remains limited in certain key European markets, at this moment we expect Discovery standalone international advertising revenues to grow in a similar fashion with Q1 excluding the Olympics impact, which was a nice positive. At the moment, we're pacing up low-single digits. 18:22 Distribution revenues increased 8% during the quarter, largely driven by continued growth of Discovery+. Do note, that we did not launch any new markets during the quarter as we previously outlined and in line with our strategic thinking coming into the closing of the merger. On the linear side, we continue to see healthy growth in LATAM, while pricing pressures in certain European markets remain a headwind. This also in part reflects hybrid affiliate deal structures, which balances affiliate fees and D2C distribution. 18:52 Furthermore, note that revenues from our Russia JV, which we announced we had exited are recognized as distribution revenue. This resulted in a 100 basis point drag to distribution revenues during the quarter. I would also note that Discovery's exposure to Russia and Ukraine in total is less than 1% of revenues and 1% to 2% of OIBDA. 19:13 Operating expenses were up 11% during the quarter, primarily due to the Olympics. Excluding the impact of the Olympics, OpEx declined by 2% year-over-year as lower marketing costs as compared to the elevated Discovery+ launch than last year were partially offset by higher content costs across our portfolio. Net-net, we finished the quarter with $1.03 billion of OIBDA, up 23% year-over-year, including a small negative impact from the Winter Olympics and roughly $170 million of investment losses. Net income for the quarter was $456 million, resulting in GAAP EPS of $0.69 per share. 19:53 Now turning to some housekeeping items to consider for the quarter as you update your models. First, we recognized a $0.58 per share gain from the $15 billion notional interest rate hedges that we implemented last year. We unwound this hedge in mid-March in conjunction with the successful closing of our $30 billion debt offering. Second, the impact of PPA amortization during the first quarter was $0.49 per share. As I mentioned on our last earnings call, we decided to take a more conservative position and accelerate the amortization of purchased customer relationship intangibles. As a result of this, our Q1 D&A expense increased by $164 million year-over-year. Adjusted for the two items I noted, EPS would have been $0.60 per diluted share. 20:42 Turning briefly to the WarnerMedia results that AT&T reported last week, which I'd note is based on how AT&T has historically reported the segment and which we’ll not necessarily tied to carve out financials or how we plan to segment the business going forward. We are working on Q1 carve out financials for WarnerMedia, as well as updated pro forma financials for Warner Bros. Discovery, and we will have those disclosed before the end of the quarter. 21:07 Sticking to the reported numbers for now, underlying performance at HBO Max during Q1 was healthy with growth of 3 million net adds, reflecting continued strength of the programing slate. In total, together with Discovery's 2 million net adds, the pro forma company added 5 million paid subscriptions during the quarter. Adding the two subscriber basis, we ended the quarter with just over $100 million global D2C subscribers. 21:33 So, please note, that we are still working through alignment of our subscriber definitions and the focus of our subscriber reporting going forward, after which we will have a more refined and detailed update when we report second quarter results. However, the operating result as you have seen, were down in WarnerMedia's first quarter, a 33% decline versus prior year to $1.3 billion. 21:56 Free cash flow was down even more, declining by $2.6 billion versus prior year and more importantly, significantly negative in absolute terms. Again, this is for WarnerMedia and the AT&T segment structure and includes elements that are not part of Warner Bros. Discovery going forward. In my mind, there is both good and bad news in these results.  22:17 Starting with the bad news, Q1 operating profit and cash flow for WarnerMedia were clearly below my expectations. And given that Q1 performance and previously unplanned projects in sight, I currently estimate the WarnerMedia part of our profit baseline for 2022 will be around $500 million lower than what I had anticipated. However, with the positive offsets of a couple of hundred million dollars on the Discovery side of the combined company. 22:44 Opening leverage as a consequence of this, while still dependent on working capital adjustments that have yet to be finalized is likely to be a notch higher, now estimated around 4.6 times give or take and still well below the initially modeled 5 times. Net-net, being the first year of our integration and as we've explained all along, 2022 will undoubtedly be a messy here, so a lot of moving pieces and now a somewhat less favorable starting position in Q1. 23:12 The good news, on the other hand is that, I also see more opportunity as I work through the numbers. There are certain investment initiatives underway in plain sight that I don't think have attractive enough return profiles. As such, and with our new combined leadership team in place out of the gate, I feel very confident in our ability to rectify some of the drivers behind the business case deviations and some very quickly, with the CNN+ decision last week being Exhibit A.  23:38 And while we're still early in our integration process and are still at the beginning stages of initiating our synergy as well as strategic and financial planning, we feel more confident than ever about achieving our $3 billion cost synergy target, and believe there is a much greater opportunity off of the current baseline and that target will ultimately prove conservative. And to be clear, we remain fully committed and reiterate our financial targets for 2023, and I remain very confident that we are on track to achieve our target gross leverage of 2.5 times to 3 times at the latest 24 months after closing. We are refining a more detailed bottoms-up combined budget and long-range plan, the key insight of which we look forward to sharing in the months ahead. 24:23 Prior to that, I wanted to share some high-level priorities that we're digging into early on, as well as some initial financial and operational since close. Number one, content. I'm working very closely with our creative and financial leadership teams to examine the totality of our $23 billion plus of annual content spend to analyze the ROI of each dollar spent. The goal of this exercise is not to identify ways to reduce what we spend on content, but to harmonize processes and analytics, so as to be more consistent and efficient in how we allocate our content spend across the entire global portfolio to optimize returns. 25:03 Second, marketing. The combined company more than $5 billion each year on marketing and that doesn't include the opportunity cost of cross-promoting assets across all of our platform. We intend to drive for the highest level of financial discipline here to make sure that every dollar spent is purposeful and measured. This will prove to be an enormous opportunity for cost synergy capture across the globe and within each and every business line given the significant overlap geographically and operationally. 25:33 Lastly, working capital. Since I joined Discovery five years ago, the key focus area has been to improve working capital efficiency. This has been a critical part of the formula that has led to our free cash flow conversion rate being among the top end of our peers. Similarly, I believe we have a tremendous opportunity to continue improving working capital efficiency at Warner Bros. Discovery, operationally and structurally, and this will be a key ingredient in achieving our free cash flow conversion rate targets. 26:02 As I stated at the beginning of my remarks, I am invigorated by the opportunity ahead to build a unique and truly remarkable media company centered around unparalleled IP and a balanced monetization model to drive sustainable profit and free cash flow growth. We're only 18 days in and are still at the very early stages of integration and refining our long-term strategy, and we look forward to sharing more about our plans in the coming months. 26:28 The new combined management team is completely aligned around our philosophy to manage Warner Bros. Discovery with the highest level of professionalism, with diligent analysis and decision-making, accountability and overarching coordination of our balanced portfolio of assets in the best interest of the company, focused on free cash flow and firm value more than anything else. 26:49 Now, with that, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator, and David and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: 26:58 Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant: 27:23 Good morning. Just wanted to get some perspective, obviously, you’ve made some decisive decision on the CNN+ shutting down. Are there a lot more opportunities across the Warner Brothers' businesses that can result in material saving of costs going forward that you've sort of seen that could help the long-term cash flow story? 27:48 And second, just for Gunnar. In terms of working capital and free cash flow, obviously, this year there's going to be a lot of puts and takes with cost to achieve and fees and so forth, and also the adjustments that came through the transaction with Warner Brothers. I think you paid about $2.5 billion less than the original deal price. Any sense of all the puts and takes, you can help us with what the free cash flow trends can be given where you're starting from? Thanks. A - Gunnar Wiedenfels 28:18 Vijay, let me start with the last one, because I want to make it clear. We're still working through our opening balance sheet and there is working capital adjustment work that's still in sight, and I prefer to discuss the details of those results when we have all that fully baked and audited in hopefully, a few weeks here. But I think the bigger picture here is, as we've said, 2022 is going to be noisy. And you've mentioned some of the factors that are going to flow through. But if I take a step back here and just look at, call it, the past 15 months for WarnerMedia sort of as a carve out-group, we're looking at more than $40 billion of revenue and really virtually no free cash flow. And right or wrong, management has made a decision to invest a lot of the incoming funds into a number of investment initiatives. And as I'm looking under the hood here again, CNN+ is just one example, and I don't want to go through sort of a list of specific examples, but there's a lot of chunky investments that are lacking what I would view as a solid analytical, financial foundation and meeting the ROI hurdles that I would like to see for major investments. 29:32 And so, we are -- this is an opportunity, we're going to be able to continue the initiatives that makes a lot of sense and reallocate some funds or drop some cash to the bottom line, but it's an opportunity. We're in the process of working through that. And as I said, 2022 very much looks a little messier than probably what I had hoped for, but for 2023, I am more encouraged than ever and I think it's going to be a very clean another area that you may have picked up from David a minute ago is that, at this point, it's not being religious about any of these decisions. We'll make decisions on the basis of the data that's available and clean financial analysis, and I think there is a ton of opportunity.
David Zaslav: 30:16 An example of that is, if we're not going to be in a particular country for a period of years, we should be monetizing our content. As we've taken a look at the subscription platform and looking at HBO Max, which Casey is doing such a great job with, we're looking at the data and you could see that there is a huge amount of content and you look at the wealth of the TV library and the Motion Pictures library, that's not being used at all on the subscription platform. 30:46 So basically, what content is being used and valued on the subscription platform, how do you enhance that and drive that together with our existing content to reduce churn and drive growth, and what is not being used on that subscription platform and how do you monetize that in a way that's meaningful, everything should be monetized. We own more content, more compelling IP than any other media company in the world. We have a strategic focus on a global platform that reaches people either through subscription-only or ad-light, but ultimately, whether it's through our existing platforms or through AVOD, we should be monetizing all the great content that we have.
Vijay Jayant: 31:31 Okay. Thanks so much.
David Zaslav: 31:33 Next question.
Operator: 31:34 And your next question comes from the line of Kutgun Maral with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kutgun Maral: 31:42 Good morning, and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to talk about streaming. The market's enthusiasm for the streaming business model has tapered off somewhat following one of your larger peers starting to see a notable deceleration in growth and calling out a number of headwinds that they're seeing to their subscriber trends. And it's interesting to me because, on the flip side, your most transformational and exciting days are probably still in front of you under your new combined portfolio. So I think for all of us, it would be very helpful if you could help frame the opportunity you see ahead with streaming once more, and whether or not we should be thinking about HBO Max, Discovery+ services a little bit differently than some of your peers? And if, ultimately your views on your DTC subscriber or ARPU trajectories had meaningfully shifted given what we're seeing elsewhere in the ecosystem? Thanks.
David Zaslav: 32:36 Thanks so much. Look, I think it's a big benefit that we're a fully diversified company with the largest maker of content and whether it's Ted Lasso or we have over 100 series that we're producing, and more than 50% of those are for third parties, and we're generating a lot of revenue by being a great producer and maker of content. In addition, we have our traditional business which we're outperforming and we're generating a lot of free cash flow. 33:07 Having said that, the idea of Discovery coming together with Warner with all this great IP and being able to reach above the globe, from my perspective, remains an even bigger opportunity. You take a look at what Netflix has done over the last several years and what Disney has done, they've cloud a path and behaviorally people have gotten acclimated to buying content, they got acclimated to watching content on different devices, how to move content around, and here comes this new company with this lane and it's wide -- the middle line is wide open for us to accelerate with the broadest and most compelling IP in the world, whether it's DC or Hanna-Barbera, Loony Tunes, Harry Potter, Game of Thrones, HBO. And so we put this altogether together with what we have at Discovery. And when I say we're going to be disciplined, people are spending hours a day with Discovery+. We have content, a huge library about as big as Netflix.  34:17 You put that together with the shock and awe of HBO Max. And the first question for us is, that looks like a pretty combustible compelling broad offering. In Europe, it's sports, it's non-fiction, it's entertainment, it's HBO. To get here in the US, it's all of the content, which many months we're the leader for women in the US with what we have and our product is very low churn. So we start with, I think a very differentiated, very broad, very compelling offering that has IP that people know and that's attractive to everybody in the home.  34:54 And our data says that the more people that use it, the more often they use it, the higher the growth and the lower the churn. And so, we're very enthusiastic about driving down that lane with our ad-light and subscription service. But we also in this moment of uncertainty feel very strongly that this diversified company is going to give us the ability to have that conviction and to have that discipline because we're generating huge free cash flow. 35:28 I've been at Discovery now for 15 years, and for those of you that have followed us, we're focused. Discovery was a free cash flow machine. We were generating over $3 billion in free cash flow for a long time with investing in our new media, which we did successfully, and we learned a lot. We still were generating almost $2.5 billion of free cash flow. Now, we look at Warner generating $40 billion of revenue and almost no free cash flow, and with all of the great IP that they have, we bring this discipline and this focus on what are we investing in. Are we investing in assets that are going -- investments that are going to generate real return? Is this going to help our subscriber growth? Is this going to be helpful to us in our platforms? And we think that there's a real opportunity for us.
David Zaslav: 36:24 Look, maybe, Kutgun, just to add from a financial model perspective, all we've seen over the past 18 days is in support of the thesis that we had developed jointly through the course of this deal originally, so no change there. If anything maybe more enthusiasm around sort of the ability to control one of the most important metrics, which is churn by the combination of these two phenomenal content portfolios and the great work that the teams are doing here. 36:56 And I mean, just to answer this broader question about the streaming business model. Remember, that as we've been saying all along, a lot of the synergy potential is really going to come from cost avoidance and elimination of planned expenses for the streaming business. So I do think I continue to see a very, very attractive return model here.
Kutgun Maral: 37:18 That's great. Thank you, both. And I'm sorry, if I could just squeeze one more in. I realize it's still very early days, but now that the deal is closed, can you talk maybe a bit more about top line synergies? When you think about the combined company scale and IP portfolio, it's fairly massive, so it doesn't really take a lot of heroic estimates across potential upside to linear advertising to affiliate fees, to DTC to come up with a fairly needle-moving total top line synergy number, maybe I don't know, $1 billion or $2 billion. So any updated thoughts on the opportunity with the top line synergies and the path to get there? Thanks.
David Zaslav: 37:54 Thanks so much. We had -- in the models that we've shared with you, we don't have any revenue synergy in there. I think it's opportunistic that we closed in advance of the upfront, but it's also opportunistic that we have a -- together we have a scaled product, and we're in the market already with an ad-light product. We're the ones that were out there very early saying ad-light looks really compelling, because it's a great consumer proposition. Our users, the churn was very low, they -- we were doing between two and four minutes of advertising and generating $5, $6 in incremental revenue, and as it scaled, we started to make more. And so, we said very early on, we're going to switch to offer consumers what they want, a lower-priced opportunity with a small number of advertising. 38:49 In addition, we are in the business of selling advertising, which gives us a great advantage. So as others, and I expect they will over the next couple of years, get into the streaming ad-light business. Many will not have the infrastructure of teams locally on the ground or the ability to package all the channels or free-to-air channels in markets across Europe, together with that type of inventory.  39:14 And finally, the opportunity of putting these two companies together, and I've been meeting with the top agencies last week and this week with the Bruce Campbell and with Jon Steinlauf. And we're talking about this exciting opportunity of what we bring to the table now, leader in live sports, news, entertainment and lifestyle. Taken together, we're bigger than any of the broadcasters. And so, if you lay out the four broadcasters or you say now who are the five leading players in prime time in America, by any measure in terms of reach, the ability to get demographics, the quality of the IP, the amount of live content, the amount of sports, we are in the top three, and by some measures, we're number one. And so, I think that ability to offer that bouquet, because every advertiser wants something different, who wants more sport, more entertainment, more news, but sport for us, particularly, where all the sports are locked in for the next several years, next year for the first time all of the playoffs and the Stanley Cup of hockey will be on TNT. And you have the NBA finals, TNT. You have baseball, TNT. You have March Madness, TNT. And we love that and we've been driving that hard to create value for advertisers throughout all of Europe. 40:52 So we hit every demo, and in terms of scale and opportunity for advertisers, we're very strong. We have the NBA playoffs, not the finals. But the net-net is, the advertisers we've spoken to and agencies are very excited about having this new fifth player in prime time, and we would argue the number one, two or three player in prime time. And the same is true for us scaling outside the US to provide more opportunity to advertisers. A - Andrew Slabin 41:28 Great. Let's take the next question, please.
Operator: 41:30 And your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: 41:38 Thank you. I have two questions. Can you talk a little bit about, I guess, there is no secret that there were tons of inefficiencies at the older WarnerMedia, so how are you approaching the incentive structure under your management team versus prior owners? That's question one. 41:58 And then, I know you talked a little bit about advertising, but can you talk a little bit about the approach? It's scale here what you talked about, but you also have a broader array of assets. What I recall from the old-time Warner days, news and sports would never sold with entertainment. So it seems like the first time all of these assets will go under one sales team. And also you'll have more, like, more platforms to sell. I guess, you are selling -- it sounds like you're selling the advertising for DTC within all of this at the upfront. So can you just talk about that and your approach? It obviously will show up in Q4 of this year, but any opportunity even before that in scatter? Thanks.
David Zaslav: 42:43Thanks, Jessica. So you're right, I mean it was -- our number one thing is, how do we service clients with simplicity one-stop? And so, we've restructured and in these advertising-facing meetings, we've already gone out to agencies and advertisers, and it is simpler, because it's -- before it was sports, it was Warner Entertainment and it was Discovery. Now, it's all in one. And as you said, we also have all this digital inventory, which is in great demand, whether it's Bleacher or whether it's cnn.com, which is the largest dot com, the largest site for news in America, together with the ad-light product on Discovery+, together with the ad-light product with HBO Max, and all of our other digital assets. So, it's one place to get the broadest demographics and all the different types of content that an advertiser can won. And Steinlauf and Bruce can sit down with an advertiser and address really whatever needs they have, but sit down at the table as the as having the largest reach or close in the marketplace and the broadest scale of diverse content. So I think it puts us in a very good place to service advertisers. Do you want to?
Andrew Slabin: 44:14 Yeah. On your first question, Jessica, we're obviously in the early innings here. But one thing that I can clearly say is that, we're going to set incentives that are reflecting the balanced nature of the portfolio as opposed to, for example, sort of incentivizing everyone across the company just for a subscriber goal. We got to reflect the best interest of the entire corporation in incentives and make sure that people actually have an ability to impact what they're getting paid for. And one theme that I think is going to cut across here is that, we will work hard on coordinating across the different business units to make sure that assumptions tie into each other as opposed to sort of our focus on the individual business units. It's going to evolve over the course of the next 12 months, but that's sort of the high-level philosophy here.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: 45:11 And Gunnar, can I just ask a quick follow-up? When you said that there was a shortfall on the part of WarnerMedia of $500 million, where does that come from?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: 45:22 Jessica, as I told you, everything I'm saying here is on the basis of what AT&T disclosed publicly and then some internal management reporting. I do not have sort of a fully audited set of WarnerMedia financials. So I don't want to go into any kind of detail here. But it's -- just take that aggregate operating profit number and that's essentially $500 million lower than what I'm seeing today for the full year than what we put in our management case that was disclosed in the S4.
David Zaslav: 45:57 Just one follow-up that I think it's going to be interesting for next year in terms of sport. It'll be the first year that all the playoffs for a major US border on cable, where the hockey will be on ESPN and will be on TNT, and rest all the playoffs will be on us and ESPN.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: 46:21 Thank you.
Operator: 46:23 Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bryan Kraft: 46:32 Hi. Good morning. I had two if you don't mind. So, first, just wanted to ask you about the timing for the relaunch of your direct to consumer strategy and products. Is that something that could happen by the end of the year? And in the meantime, how are you managing that business? Are you going to continue to invest in marketing and growing HBO Max? Or will you be taking your foot off the gas marketing there? 46:55 And then separately, just wanted to ask you how you're thinking about the challenges and the opportunities presented by account sharing? Do you see the kind of opportunity that Netflix season tightening that up and trying to monetize it? Is that something that you need to focus on in the next couple of years? Is that something that is maybe more of a longer-term focus for you? Thank you.
David Zaslav: 47:17 Yeah. Bryan, so thank you. So look, when it comes to the timing for the relaunch, again, I don't want to make any new commitments here. The team is working hard right now as one combined team to hammer out the exact cadence here, and we will come back to you all once we have a fully baked firm plan here. What I can say about the interim period here is, we're not changing our mindset. So the priority for the team is to sort of rally behind that integrated product and at the same people we will continue to be very thoughtful about our spend. We will not launch any new markets for the time being. We will not sort of chase aggressively behind subscriber growth as long as we are working on this priority one, which is getting these products together. 48:10 That said, all I've seen so far makes me very, very enthusiastic about the opportunity of the combined product, but a great cadence of content coming to the market here, House of the Dragon for the third quarter, I think it's going to be exciting global phenomenon. So we feel very good about it, but we will continue to be very thoughtful as we have been going into this -- into closing this merger here.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: 48:38 I mean it's mission central that we think these two -- that both of these products together, the bouquet of content that we provide, the wealth of content, the diversity of content, the content that's known around the globe. We believe that that's going to be a combustible product that we could really drive around the world. And so, the sooner we can get it launched, but we want to get it right. It's critical because you could have a record-breaking number of people watching Euphoria, but we want to make sure that when they finish Euphoria, if we have the goods, if we have all this great content on that we have an ability to recommend to people, you just finished Euphoria here is the other eight shows that you would love, whether it's Chip and Jo, whether it's Oprah, whether it's 90 Day Fiance or whether it's Minx or another great HBO Max series. But we have some work to do on the platform itself that will be significant. But we also think that one of the big opportunities here is going to be churn reduction.  49:47 There is meaningful churn on HBO Max, much higher than the churn that we have seen. And so, the ability for us to come together is part of one of the thesis here that managing churn, and we've seen this because we've been added in Europe for eight years, as we begin to manage churn in a meaningful way, that provides a real meaningful growth.
David Zaslav: 50:13 And then, maybe Bryan, on the password sharing point. As you may have heard before, both from us and the HBO Max team that there is a process in place. There is a dedicated team, and I would just say that this is not a rapid problem here. And in fact, I think it's a small number of cases where we see a high risk of that sharing activity happening.
Bryan Kraft: 50:41 Great. Thank you.
Operator: 50:43 And your next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with LightShed Partners. Your line is open.
Rich Greenfield: 50:51 Hi. Thanks for taking the question. There is a quote David from former HBO CEO, Richard Plepler that, more is not better, but better is better. And I know you've sort of talked about you're not trying to win the sort of content production arms race. But as you sort of think about the HBO Max strategy, does broadening HBO to HBO Max even makes sense? Like, should HBO just stick to the HBO Ethos? We all know what an HBO show is like succession, should it be broader? You just mentioned things like 90 Day Fiance, et cetera. Should Discovery and CNN content really be in there, or is HBO such a great product as it is that expanding it to be more actually doesn't make sense? I'd love sort of just how do you think about that? And how do you evaluate, especially given what just happened with sort of Netflix and Disney, both sort of realizing they have to do advertising and that some of their content may not be generating the type of sub growth that they had hoped for previously.
David Zaslav: 51:57 Thanks, Rich. It actually makes every sense because what you need is a diversity of content for everybody in the home, and they may come in for Euphoria, but our research shows that people watch Euphoria, their favorite second show to watch is 90 Day Fiance. So having a diversity of content is a reason why people are spending hours with Discovery+, because there -- and they watch Discovery+ at different times of the day, but the same people that are watching Julia, a great new series or watching Gilded Age, they're turning around and they're watching Big Bang Theory and they're watching Friends. That's why HBO Max has been able to continue to grow so aggressively.  52:40 And so, when you put all of this diversity of content together, there is content for kids, there is content for teens, it's basically everybody in the family, why would you go anywhere else. We have all the movies, we have all of the library content that you want. And I think better is better. That was the point I was trying to make that if we have -- if Casey and the HBO team, who I spent a bunch of time with this past week, extraordinarily talented team. They've been together at leadership for more than 15 years, all of them. They have a system, it reminds me of the Disney Alan Horn, Bob Iger. The way that they were able to really outperform the market, Kevin Feige, Kennedy, they were able to outperform the market with Motion Pictures for a period of years. You look at the way they focus on quality, whether it's Julia, Winning Time, Gilded Age, Euphoria, Flight Attendant, and Just Like That, Barry, they just launched.  53:46 And this is an ability to really own kind of the cultural importance. And the idea they are just doing more shows, you look at HBO right now, what it really needs is precisely what we have. That -- when they finished with watching Winning Time, they can go and watch Friends or watch Big Bang or watch their favorite movie or go over and watch Oprah or watch some TLC shows just for fun. So, we believe and we see this in Europe where we tried to offer, we thought that the answer was just to offer niche high quality that you get high-quality shock and all content together with a lot of nutrition, in our case in Europe, together with sport and you offer something that everybody in the family users and the churn goes way down, it's much harder to churn out of a product when your kids use it or your significant other uses it or your mom and dad are watching, but also if you find yourself watching it more often. So, I think it's precisely why we did this deal. And I think everything tells us that it's going to make us stronger and more compelling because of the breadth of the quality menu of IP that we have.
Rich Greenfield: 55:04 And as you think about that, how does that impact? Obviously, as the streaming product becomes more robust and you put more of your energy there, how should we be thinking about what happens to the trajectory of sort of turn or Discovery the legacy cable network business? How do you balance that, the decline of that business versus the growth of the other? Like especially, I know it's 18 days in, but how are you thinking about that sort of trade-off?
David Zaslav: 55:29 Well, first of all, we've been growing our traditional business. We recognize that 4% of subscribers are down and viewership on the platform is down. But when our competitors are taking content off constantly of that platform, it gives us an opening for us where we're doing a lot of original content on. We're obviously, all original of the CNN. Sports is live and tune in and then we're doing original on food, on home, on Discovery and so, and we see it outside the US. Long-term, there's no question that the business is challenging, but CPMs are increasing, advertisers still are looking for -- they are chasing and chasing for inventory, because it's the most effective inventory in long-form video. 56:16 And look, remember, broadcast for a period of 20 years was declining and CPMs were increasing. I was at NBC in the mid-'90s when Welsh was saying this can't continue. We can't have smaller and smaller audiences and make more and more money. And I think he was right or maybe he will be right eventually, but it's almost 30 years later and the advertisers are still paying more than the hurdle rate of decline. So, we will be leaning in with efficiencies and effectiveness to our traditional business, which we think -- which generates an awful lot of free cash flow, we will be leaning in as a maker at Warner Brothers Television where we're selling, we're an arms dealer and we could sell content and we're selling because we're the best producer of content. We're selling content and getting prices in bidding wars to get that content, and we'll continue to do that. And then right down that middle lane, we'll be building that important growth engine of starting with HBO Max and Discovery+ and what we have across Europe. 57:25 And finally, I'll just say that, that traditional platform, the other night during the playoffs we reached more than 50% of the people that were watching television across our platforms. As Gunnar said, there's a lot of money being spent to try and reach an audience. We now have the same or in many cases, the largest reach on television in the US. And the ability to use our own inventory to promote to and from all of our products and the efficiency of doing that and the cost savings of doing it, I think is a big plus for us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: 58:01 And the one thing I would add, Rich, is just from a financial perspective, we have a hand that I would not want to trade with anyone else in the industry. The balanced portfolio has so many built-in financial hedges. Again, I happen to believe that the linear platform is going to be around and will coexist with our other platform for very, very long time, but should have changed for that trend, accelerate and we're positioned with more than 100 million homes on the direct-to-consumer side. Should we see more price inflation on the content side? We'll be benefiting from that with one of the top TV studios in the world. So there's a lot of flexibility. And I think it's anyone's guess how some of these trends are developing but I think we're as well-positioned as anyone in this game.
David Zaslav: 58:45 And as the largest maker of content, we can change strategy. The world is changing. If it turns out that producing more content for ourselves, because we're accelerating down that middle lane as a global direct-to-consumer business, we're not going to have to go right a lot of checks to others to get the best content because we have the factory.
Rich Greenfield: 59:09 Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: 59:10 And your last question comes from the line of Steven Cahall with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall: 59:19 Thank you. I just wanted to ask about a couple of WarnerMedia assets and sort of take your temperature on how you're thinking about what you can do with them. May be first is on the DC Universe. That seems like just an asset that's been under-managed by Warner, especially vis-a-vis what we've seen from some of the peers like Disney. So just wondering if you've had any time to get under the hood on DC? And how you think about you might be able to use that with some of your global ambitions a little more successfully than the predecessor management team did? 59:49 And then with CNN, you've shut down CNN+. We've seen this week that there are folks out there that will pay a lot of money for news and news-type platforms. It doesn't seem like news is something that scales globally, in the same way, when you about a lot of your other businesses and content. So I'm just curious how core we should think about CNN within your long-term strategy? Thanks.
David Zaslav: 60:13 Thanks, Steven. Well, first, let me start with news and CNN. The great -- I love the news business, we love the news business. CNN is the leader in news. They are the leader in global news, they are the best journalistic organization in the world, which they're showing. We've got a great new leader Chris Licht that's going in there. We're fully committed to it. And we think that as we look at news around the world, it's never been more important, even in the US and around the world there is mostly advocacy networks.  60:48 The ability to provide journalistic -- great journalism and facts and those two elements are the foundation of a civilized society. We need great journalism and great facts to make the right decisions. And advocacy networks that make a lot of money by generating and supporting an audience is a great business, but CNN is in the business of journalism first and that's what we're going to fight for, but it's also as importantly, it's a really, really good business, because we own it. When it comes to the entertainment business, whether it's DC or Harry Potter or Hanna-Barbera, that's IP that we own. When it comes to sports, we're very careful about sports. And the TNT and Warner team was clever about getting long term rights which we're going to get a lot of benefit from, but sports are rented and news is scalable.  61:53 We are already in Europe and the ability to take CNN around the world more aggressively and own that and the value of that, because when people get up every day there's lots of entertainment content they want to see. But as human beings, we wake up, are we okay, and then what's going on in the world. And being able to own that with the greatest brand in news is really compelling. And so, we're committed to it. We think it's a differentiator. We see already in Europe that when we put it together on our subscription platform that people come to it often, it reduces churn and it increases appeal. 62:32 And so -- and finally, I think cnn.com is a new media asset. People are looking at news on their devices and we're the leading place that they're going for news, we're pushing breaking news to people on their devices, on every device, and that creates a real connection. When people see CNN and they see that on their device, it's meaningful. 62:57 And so, Chris is going to start his journey in the next week or two. I'm watching CNN. I think we all are, and it's a treasurer. And what Ted Turner tried to create is something that is really meaningful and we take that seriously and it's a solid moment with the war in Ukraine, but ultimately, when there are war trials, the Exhibit A, B, C and D will be the great work of the war correspondence that are risking their lives to get what's going on there on video and in camera. And it's probably what differentiates this war from almost any other, and it's probably one of the reasons that galvanized NATO and galvanized the world and what's going on because of the work that CNN has done. So we're fully committed. 63:50 On DC, I would just say, we think that DC is an extraordinary opportunity. Batman, Superman, two of the biggest brands in the world, maybe one in two, maybe one in three. So I think there is over 100 characters. And let's just say that we're going to focus very hard on building a long-term plan. Batman was just very successful. It was also very successful on the platform when it dropped this past week, which I think, it's just one piece of data, but it's a very good sign.  64:27 I've been saying for a very long time, owning Warner Brothers' Motion Pictures, together with the streaming service, together with a big factory maker of quality content and Warner Brothers Television, together with the largest traditional media business, global business is a great recipe and a very balanced attack. But there was a question about whether opening a big movie should we really collapse the entire Motion Pictures business on streaming. And I think I've been saying no, but I think now the data is starting to show no way that when you open something -- when you open a movie in the theaters, it has a whole stream of monetization. But more importantly, it's marketed and it builds a brand. And so when it does go to the streaming service, there is a view that that has a higher quality that is -- that benefits the streaming service. And so that's been my theory. 65:31 I think Batman -- the early data is that, Batman did extremely well in generating viewership and in generating interest, even though it was in the movie theaters first. So, I think that's a great sign for the Motion Pictures business. I think the Motion Pictures business is still, where you tell you -- the most compelling global stories because you're with other people and it's that big screen and its magic. And it also gives us a chance to attract the greatest and most compelling talent, because you fight over it at the top of the ecosystem, and that's the Motion Pictures business and we are Warner Brothers and so we're excited about it.
Steven Cahall: 66:15 Thanks.
Operator: 66:19 Thank you. That concludes Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Discovery, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. After the conclusion of the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Also, please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning and welcome to Discovery’s Q4 earnings call. With me today is David Zaslav, our President and CEO; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our CFO; and JB Perrette, President and CEO of Discovery Streaming & International. Before we start, I’d like to remind you that today’s conference call will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include comments regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance, as well as statements concerning the expected timing, completion and effects of the previously announced transaction between the company and AT&T relating to the WarnerMedia business. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events and about risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, that we expect to file post this call and our subsequent filings made with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I’m please to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today during this incredibly exciting time for our company. Our fourth quarter capped-off a strong 2021 as we near the finish line of our transaction with AT&T to create the world's most dynamic media entertainment company, Warner Brothers Discovery of unclosed Warner Brothers Discovery will stand on incredibly solid footing creatively and financially. This is a real company and we expect to deliver meaningful free cash flow over the near and long-term. At Discovery standalone, we ended the year with $4 billion of cash and generated substantial free cash flow this year, over $2.4 billion even after absorbing over $1 billion of losses from our Next Generation investments, and our free cash flow will grow meaningfully from here. As a company when we come together, we will stand on firm footing and look to benefit from both a very balanced business model, and from the cost synergy tailwinds we expect to result from our merger. Supporting our expected reduction in gross leverage to three times or below within two years, starting from 4.5 times or lower net debt to EBITDA when we stand up the new company. Our vision for Warner Brothers Discovery is simple. We believe the company's with the most appealing and most complete menu of IP and content, and to achieve success. And I believe Warner Brothers Discovery has the most attractive content in the business. From Batman, Superman, Wonder Woman, Harry Potter, Game of Thrones Euphoria, 90 Day Fiance, Hanna-Barbera, Looney Tunes, the Food Network, HGTV, Discovery, HBO and great personalities like Martha, Chip and Joanna Gaines, Guy Fieri, the Property Brothers and Oprah, plus CNN, the premier global news network with real resources and news gathering services all over the world. Sport with the Eurosport the Olympics, NBA, NCAA March Madness, Major League Baseball, and the National Hockey League, making us a global leader in sports alongside a wealth of local content all over the world, content that we've produced and garnered for the last 20 plus years. Taking together, we will have a broad menu of content to super serve every demo and every family member. Who will never want to leave? We bring all of our global content together. We will have what are the most compelling offerings in the marketplace and at a great value to customers. This was the premise and the vision that John and I shared when we put this deal together nearly a year ago. Initially, we plan to see how all these existing and complementary content pieces fit together. How well our package of content nourishes and enriches consumers. and what it does to churn and growth. From there we can evaluate areas where we need to spend to fill in for our offering Together we already spend aggressively across all demos and genres and will have an even greater ability to do so as a merged company. And now we have the resources, we plan on being careful and judicious our goal is to compete with the leading streaming services, not to win the spending war. For the breaking new franchises or reimagining and refreshing existing ones. We will have a truly scaled and diverse content engine. With IP ownership across a highly monetizable collection of IP. Perhaps most importantly, we are not solely dependent on one business model. As we reach across multiple platforms and touchpoints, every leg of the stool from linear to direct to consumer to content production and monetization. As one of the leading content arms dealers in the industry, Warner Brothers television is formidable. And as a company we will also be uniquely positioned to better serve advertisers and distributors globally. Said another way, we can monetize across any number of different cash registers. Consider that Warner Brothers television has over 100 active series being sold to over 20 platforms and outlets. It’s a content maker and content owner generating significant revenue, free cash flow and most importantly, optionality. There’s not a lot of content makers out there certainly not of the scale and of quality that Warner Brothers television is in the marketplace today.  Particularly at a time when the demand for quality television production has never been stronger.  An Important distinction when considering the asset mix of this company, a very real very balanced and very complete company. We have a lot of muscle memory from the Scripps merger, which enabled us to thoroughly re-examine how we conduct our business. And we took that opportunity to better align our management operations and processes during a time of pronounced industry disruption and change. I believe that the same dynamic exists with the opportunity ahead for Warner Brothers discovery. Turning briefly to the quarter, I'd like to call out a few highlights while Gunnar will take you through in more detail the puts and the takes. First, on the advertising side, underlying demand across our networks and channels has been resilient. Overall 2021 global advertising revenue increased 10% over 2020 with growth from both domestic and the international segments. In fact, international segment advertising revenue increased 23% in 2021, excluding the Summer Olympic Games, finishing the year on a strong note with growth across all regions. Here in the US, I'm pleased with our solid end to the year, despite a marketplace that has endured some headwinds across COVID and supply chain issues helped in part by our outperformance against an industry-wide strong 2021, 2022 upfront. At the same time, we've been very pleased with the results of our recently renegotiating distribution deals in the US. The team has done an excellent job continuing to demonstrate to affiliates that our portfolio is a great value. And they've clearly seen that reflected in our numbers this year. Within direct-to-consumer, discovery+ plus continues to perform very well. We end the year with 22 million total subscribers passing peak investment loss levels supported by consistent and continued strong KPIs, advertiser interest, and overall monetization efforts. As previously discussed, we've thoughtfully and tactically managed our rollout and will continue to do so while sharpening our focus and gaining perspective for the next leg of our direct-to-consumer journey with WarnerMedia and HBO. Worth noting, we achieved a significant milestone this past quarter, having replatformed our discovery+ tech stack across Europe, bringing it onto a single platform consistent with the US. We achieved this important migration quite seamlessly, enabling a more feature rich and personalized consumer experience. These efforts should ultimately drive better consumer engagement, higher retention, and ultimately lower churn, further supporting the trend we've enjoyed over the last few quarters. This replatforming also enables the rolling out of an add light tier to discovery + and select international regions. Something as you know, that was not contemplated when we launched at the end of 2020, in which we expect will figure meaningfully in our eventual merged offering. The opportunity here is large, and we look to best practices from the US. We expect to launch the UK in March with additional countries in Europe having been identified to follow thereafter. As part of our global content strategy. We do believe premium entertainment, news and sports offers an attractive service in many markets. And we are excited about the innovative deal with BT in the UK, where as we announced a few weeks ago we are in final exclusive negotiations to create a rich, extensive portfolio of sports content in that very important UK market. We will combine our Eurosport UK portfolio with BT Sport, bringing together key matches from the Premier League and all of the UEFA Champions League, premiership rugby, Olympic Games, Cycling Grand Tours and Grand Slam tennis. This will create a more compelling and simplified sport offering in the UK and Ireland while also advancing our broader strategy of bringing sport and entertainment to more consumers with discovery+. Then with Sports for a moment, and fresh off the winner game from Beijing. Despite the many challenges and obstacles, we were very pleased with the event marked by healthy growth and subscriber additions, streaming minutes in total viewers across our combined portfolio. Though perhaps most importantly and building upon the momentum from the Summer Games in Japan, we enforced the value of delivering a much richer product experience that combines entertainment and sports in Europe with strong appeal to the whole household. This enabled us to bring new and different viewers to the Olympics, as well as to introduce more sports viewers to our entertainment content, which greatly improves retention and lifetime value. And lastly, one closing thought before I turn it over to Gunnar. Turning on how soon we can complete the closing of our merger this earnings could be our last as a standalone Discovery. For me personally, it has been the honor of a lifetime to run this very special company over the last 15 years, alongside such an extraordinary group of leaders, employees and board members, folks that I've gotten to work with and learn from by John Malone, the New House and Myron family, and the guy that started this all Adams Garage with a crazy idea that Discovery could change the world, my great friend, John Hendricks. Having accomplished so much and to have had such a blast along the way, I often remark this job is such a blessing of a lifetime and we're all so lucky to be in this business and to get to do what we do. And I could not be prouder of what we've achieved together, but recognize that our most exciting days and biggest tests are ahead of us. And we absolutely can't wait to share the next leg of this journey with all of you close. To close, I truly want to thank those of you that have joined us quarter-in and quarter-out during this first very formative chapter of Discovery's corporate journey. We believe the next chapter will be even more rewarding and fulfilling. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Gunnar.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David. I'd like to start by echoing David's comments, this was indeed an exceptional year for Discovery, and one in which I believe we made significant strides across our financial, operational and strategic priorities. Speaking to our financial accomplishments, I am proud of our continued focus on transformation and deficiency during continued disruption in our industry. Notwithstanding over $1 billion of losses from our investment initiatives in 2021, we finished the year with over $2.4 billion of free cash flow, the 64% conversion of AOIBDA. The true testament to both the resiliency of our core networks, as well as overall balance of our global portfolio of assets. Moreover, we ended the year with $4 billion of cash on our balance sheet and net leverage of 3.0 times both of which have continued to improve thus far in 2022. And based on our current momentum, I remain very confident with our projected net leverage at closing of 4.5 times or better and reiterate that our long-term target leverage range for Warner Brothers Discovery remains 2.5 to three times, which we intend to achieve within 24 months from pros and possibly sooner. Now turning to the quarter, let me briefly provide some color on Q4 results for which from a high level underlying trends are more or less consistent with those of the last few quarters. In the US, Q4 advertising was up 5% year-over-here, largely driven by strong pricing in linear and further supported by continued traction in the AdLite tier of discovery+. As I mentioned on our last call and not surprisingly, we have seen hints of softness in the scatter market due to supply chain disruptions and some categories softness around COVID. Visibility remain limited as supply chain issues persist and we currently see low to mid-single digit growth in Q1. US distribution revenue increased 17% helped by discovery plus at higher linear affiliate rate more than offsetting declines and linear pay-TV subscriber numbers of around 4% for our fully distributed portfolio.  Turning to International which I will discuss on a constant currency basis. Starting with advertising momentum is quite a bit stronger than here in the US, increasing a healthy 12% in the fourth quarter benefiting from robust performance in all regions. We continue to enjoy pricing upside resulting from healthy demand across EMEA, particularly in the UK, Poland and the Netherlands. While Latin America continues to recover nicely, also helped by share gains in key markets like Mexico and overall healthy demand. We are at the very early stages of rolling out an international AdLite tier for discovery+ first in the UK and Ireland in March with additional markets EMEA to follow enabled by the International replatforming which David previously alluded to. We are enthusiastic about the incremental consumer focused feature enhancements which we expect will drive better engagement, resulting in continued churn reduction and monetization upside.  Distribution revenue increased 5% during Q4 as ongoing affiliate fee pressures in certain EMEA markets have been more than offset by the growth and discovery+ subscribers with strength in key markets like the UK, the Nordics, Poland and Brazil. On the expense side total Q4 operating expenses increased 9% Also revenues decreased 4% helped in part by a more normalized sports schedule in Europe, partially offset by continued investment in content for discovery+.  SG&A increased 29% due to overall marketing spend to this to support discovery plus subscriber growth and new market launches. Lastly, operating expenses in our core linear business decreased in the low single digit range for the year in line with our guidance. To that end I'm very proud of the efforts across the company to support continued efficiency and overall cost management.  AOIBDA for the quarter was up 15% to over $1.1 billion and was down only 8% for the year to $3.8 billion, which taken in the context of an increment of $600 million investment NextGen initiatives and a roughly $200 million loss for the Olympics. I am extremely proud of our results. I do want to take a minute to call out both the criticality and the resiliency of our core linear network business. We continue to invest and support these important brands and franchises while at the same time look to drive operational efficiency across the globe as we maximize their contribution to free cash flow and to fund our continued investments in direct to consumer.  Now turning to some housekeeping items. And a couple of items to consider for the quarter as you update your models. First, US other revenue was up $74 million during the quarter due to a non-recurring non-cash item which flowed 100% to AOIBDA and which was a positive $0.08 per share impact. Second we recognize a $0.13 per share non-cash loss from the $15 billion of notional interest rate hedges that we implemented in the third quarter to mitigate interest rate risk for future debt issuances to finance, the cash portion of the WarnerMedia transaction.  As I mentioned on the last earnings call, we are required to report the changes in fair market value on our income statement, as the derivatives do not qualify as hedges for accounting purposes, which could result in some additional variability to our net income until the WarnerMedia transaction closes. Third, Group Nine signed an agreement to merge with Vox in December 2021. As a result of the transaction, which closed earlier this week, and the estimated value of our ownership in the new company we recognize a $0.10 per share non-cash impairment charge. Finally, the impact of PPA amortization during the fourth quarter was $0.51 per share. This is higher than in prior quarters as we reassess the useful life and amortization method for all the purchase customer relationship intangible. While the useful lives of these intangible assets did not change, we decided to take a more conservative position and accelerate amortization to better align with expected cash flow. As a result of this, our Q4 D&A expense increased by nearly $200 million. Adjusted for all of the above, EPS would have been $0.73 per diluted share. Our full year effective book tax rate was 16%. Our cash tax rate was 25% for the year excluding PPA, amortization.  For 2022, we expect our tax rate to be in the mid-20% range while our cash tax rate is expected to be in the low to mid 20% range excluding PPA for discovery standalone. And based on our plan rates, we expect FX to have a roughly $90 million to $100 million negative year-over-year impact of revenues and a negative $5 million to $10 million impact on AOIBDA in 2022, inclusive of the existing hedges. A quick update on where we currently stand in the transaction process. We have already satisfied most of the conditions to close, unconditional clearance from the European Commission, the expiration of the HSR waiting period, clearance from all other key international markets and a favorable private letter ruling from the IRS for AT&T. We also filed our final merger proxy earlier this month and have scheduled our stockholder meeting for March 11. Following the vote and assuming the deal is approved by our shareholders, this puts us on a clear track close in early Q2. That will be a wonderful achievement that reflects our best case estimates from a year-ago. I am encouraged by the continuing operating and financial momentum at Discovery, during what has undoubtedly been a hectic year. And we could not be more excited to get going on integrating the two companies as well as delivering the promises we have made to you including $3 billion plus of cost synergies and driving significant free cash flow to deleverage the company down to our target leverage range within 24 months. Having recently conducted some high level meetings across our respective companies, I think it's fair to say that both the Discovery and Warner teams are eager to begin collaborating in earnest to build one of the most dynamic media entertainment companies in the world. Now with that I'd like to turn the call over to the operator and David, JB and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Robert Fishman with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open. You may now ask your question.
Robert Fishman: Given the new geopolitical risks from Russia, can you just remind us what percent of Discovery's revenue come from Europe and Asia, or what it would be on a pro forma basis for Warner Bros Discovery? And whether you've seen any early pullback on advertising in the region, obviously understanding that the Olympics just wrapped up there, then have a separate one for goner on the AMORT policy?
David Zaslav: Okay. Go ahead, Gunnar or JB.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: I could take it, Michael. It's an immaterial proportion of our financials it's about a percent of profits that were generating in the effective region here.
David Zaslav: JB, if you could just comment more broadly.
JB Perrette: I would say in the Ukrainian market itself, obviously, it's absolutely the minimus is the short answer. In Russia specifically, as you may have remembered a couple of years ago when the regulatory regime changed in the country and we are obligated to restructure our agreements to actually be represented by a local player. We did that and to become in compliance with the local regulations. So we already have a deal structure in place that is partnered with a local Russian entity. And so, for the time being, based on obviously, this is a very dynamic situation based on everything that we've been able to study up until literally real time this morning, we don't see any impact, but we're going to continue to track it and see. And as Gunner said, even if you include the Russian market, it's still a very immaterial in respect to the total Discovery Company. As it relates to the larger European footprint. Obviously, for markets that are important to us, like Poland, like some of the Eastern European markets, which are the most likely to be affected again, for the time being, we haven't seen any impact. We're pacing very nicely for the first quarter, but that is a situation that is going to continue to evolve and we'll continue to track it.
Robert Fishman: Okay. And then for Gunner, just following up on the change in amortization policy. Can you discuss if you're also reexamining the changing viewing behavior, habits and how that might impact any of your content amortization included in EBITDA?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: No, Michael. It was a review of our accounting methodology here. Remember, this is purchase price allocation that we took on with the acquisition of Scripps. And obviously we review these on a regular basis. Obviously also spend a lot of time thinking about purchase price allocation for the upcoming WarnerMedia deal. And as such, this is non cash. It's what we paid for Scripps. And I just generally like to take as conservative as possible a position here and there is no benefit from having these intangibles on the balance sheet. So what's going to happen is, you saw a $200 million impact in the fourth quarter. But again, we're not changing the amortization period. We're just front loading the rate of amortization. So this is going to just increase the amortization of these positions for the next two or three years and then decrease the amortization in the outer years.
JB Perrette: Just one point coming off of Gunner’s point about Scripps. I just wanted to mention that if you look at our company today and how we came together with Warner, none of that would have been possible, in my view, without the business that Ken Lowe built. And when I say Ken Lowe built, I mean as a real entrepreneur came up with the idea for those channels at a time when broadcasters were dominant and everyone bought a home channel didn't make a lot of sense, but home and food and the personalities and understanding brand and building a great culture and a fantastic business and when we came together that really gave us tremendous strength and diversity in nonfiction. It also gave us more confidence to go-to-market with D+ and a much broader menu and bouquet and that transaction and the opportunity to work with Ken over these many years for all of us, has just enriched the company and positioned us to be able to do the Warner deal and positions us I think to be more successful because that content has worked really well around the world.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Robert, next question.
Robert Fishman: Great. Thank you.
JB Perrette: Actually hold on, Mike. I should have - I didn't properly answer you Robert. I didn't properly answer your question, because you were also focused on content amortization. That's something we also obviously confirm on a quarterly basis and there was no changes to these policies last year. So again, you've got the linear world the potential further exploitation of content in the digital world. Those are sort of balancing each other out right now. So we haven't made any changes there and didn't see any need for that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. David and Gunnar, would you just talked about your confidence level in the $14 billion EBITDA and $8 billion free cash flow guidance for 2023. And if that confidence is evolved at all and why. And then, I guess the follow-up to that is should we look at that level of guidance, $14 billion and $8 billion as suggesting. You don't see a need to ramp content spending rapidly, which a lot of folks are worried about. That looks like a guidance that would suggest you're just going to continue along the path that HBO already had planned for their content spending ramp. So any correlation between that guidance and your intentions regarding content spending would be helpful. Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Sure, let me start here. Number one, yes, we’ve full confidence in the guidance that we gave, in when we announced this deal. Again, as you know, we're in an approval process here. So we have done some more work but we are eager to get into the detailed planning of these synergies after closing. But again, everything we've learned so far has, if anything given me more confidence in our ability to generate these numbers. When it comes to content investments, we've received that question a lot over the past couple of weeks, understandably given what's been going on in the ecosystem. A couple of things here: number one, we have in our numbers baked in a very significant increase in content spending and we have put zero synergy against that. Number two is we are currently spending at a peak level or at least the highest level that we have seen in the history of this company. We spent more than $4 billion for content in 2021 at Discovery alone and obviously also on the media side they've seen increases in spend. So we are definitely spending enough from my perspective. The key question is going to be how much is going to be enough going forward. We have plenty of room in our business case. And I will also say, as David said in his opening remarks here, this - for us, it's not about winning to spending more. Money doesn't score goals as the European soccer analogy would be. We will have a greatly complimentary portfolio of content, focus areas between Discovery+ and HBO Max. As a matter of fact, we're going to be covering all four quadrants like no one else and that could actually drive to content efficiency that we haven't been able to get as two standalone companies at discovery+, we have invested in content in areas that's slightly outside of our lane in order - the appeal and certainly everybody has noticed the efforts on the HBO Max side to get more female et cetera, with investments that might not be sort of - perfectly in the Wheelhouse so I actually have hoped that we might be getting away with a little less a content but we've certainly have taken a conservative approach and put in a very significant room for increases. I don't know David or JB….
David Zaslav: Look I think we start with the premise. That - the idea for this transaction was we have a library as big as Netflix with content that people love in the US, local content around the world, in the entertainment and nonfiction space and in sport, and that when we bring that together with the with HBO and the TV - the best TV library in the world, in my view and motion picture library, the first question is, how well does that do? We have a very low churn product in the US.  Our churn is getting better in Europe as we've made it broader. And when we put these two together, I think it's the broadest, most compelling offering of content available and it appeals to from people very - form the kids that are very young to with Looney Tunes and Hanna-Barbera and Harry Potter to the DC content to - the content that that that older people and every generation loves. And we see that there's also a different viewing pattern between what's going on in HBO Max and with discovery+, a lot of our content is viewed throughout the day. So the first question is, how do we do when we come together? What happens to churn, what happens to growth? As I said, we are a real company. What I mean by that is, we're going to be generating $8 billion or more in free cash flow. So we have plenty of money to spend that already assumes that we're going to spend more money on content. But we're not going to just spend just to figure to have more content on the platform. The key to these platforms, which is true of free to air channels and cable channels is you spend enough that you could nourish an audience that they want to spend time with you and that they feel that you're - that you're the place that they want to be and you're important, low churn, high usage, usage by many people in the family. And we're going to be very careful about looking at how we do, and there's a good - we believe there’s chance that we're going to do quite well. And we also have very low cost content, and that we're not going to have to increase investment significantly that our bouquet will be differentiated and compelling. But we do have the resources if we see, that spending more will get us more growth and lower churn and good economics on ARPU. But we'll be very careful because we're we have a real company that's generating real value. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Philip Cusick with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Philip Cusick: Thank you. I wonder if you can talk about - just remind us how you think these days David of cost savings and synergies on Warner. Compare the difficulty and size of the opportunity versus those in the scripts deal anything changing there as you've gotten more into it. Thanks. 
JB Perrette: Warner - why don't you - we've been side by side on this for the last several months. And the good news is that we've been digging in with Anne with the team and when we've been able to kind of confirm a lot of what we thought, but why don't you as the general here, just take Philip through.
David Zaslav: You know the - the short answer here is we're fully aware of the fact that this is much larger, and it's going to be much more complicated and complex than what we dealt with when we have brought Scripps and Discovery together. That said, in all the work that we have done again, as I said in my earlier response here, if anything, you have gotten more excited about the opportunity. We've had first very high level meetings with WarnerMedia side as well, that are going very well. And remember, we have a couple of unique points here at the constellation. One is that a lot of the cost saving is actually going to come out of cost avoidance. Right now we're running two completely separate, direct-to-consumer technology stacks of marketing operations. We're spending roughly $6 billion for technology and marketing between HBO Max and discovery +. Clearly, once we have successfully migrated those technology stacks in Q1, there is going to be tremendous opportunity to reduce costs. And the second point here is that for both plans we had anticipated very significant investment increases, which one of those ramps is going to go away as well, that could easily make up for half of the total cost synergy potential here. And then we have the linear portfolios, which I think we both sides have a lot of experience. And, you know, I've been encouraging people to go back and look at how, the efficiency change when we combine Scripps at Discovery. There's just a lot of very straightforward opportunity there. And then what I do want to point out is well is all the areas in which we have not assumed any cost synergies. Again, I've already mentioned content, but also the entire studio operation. CNN et cetera, et cetera. So again, I think what we're going to see is that we’re probably going to broaden the scope of potential initiatives once we close the deal but I feel very good about our ability to get these numbers.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: The other point is that we haven't assumed any revenue synergy and the ability to come to market with in the US, the broad bouquet of content means that we can service advertisers and distributors much more effectively.
Philip Cusick: Forgive me if I'm premature on this, but there's been a lot of headlines about CNN plus ramping up, seems like there's a lot of business model overlap there with discovery+ anything you can add about that?
David Zaslav: We will in the next in the near-term, sit down and get a have a real business plan. discussion with the people that CNN and CNN+. We haven't had that yet. We haven't seen it. I've been watching a lot of CNN. This is where you see the difference between a new service that has real - has meaningful resources globally, news gathering resources, the biggest and largest group of global journalists of any media company, maybe with the exception of the BBC. And here we are waking up this morning with a war and CNN is going to multiple cars correspondents and journalists risking their lives in Ukraine, in Poland, in Russia on the ground. And there's no organization, news organization in the world that looks like CNN, that can do what CNN does. I think it becomes very clear as you go around the world and you look at other news channels that are where people are sitting behind desks and given their opinion about what's going on. There's a news network that's on the ground with journalists in bulletproof vests and helmets that are doing what journalists do best, which is fight to tell the truth in dangerous places so that we all can be safe and we can assess what's going on and what's dangerous in the world. So it's a proud moment for us to watch what's going on there. But because this deal has not closed yet, that CNN is being run by AT&T and we're in the beginning process of getting the details on what they're doing.
JB Perrette: And Dave, I can just add one thing on the synergies. The other opportunity that is significant is the Warner International basic channels business is about ten times the size of revenue of what Scripps was. I think also the opportunity on the channel's integration on international to be much more significant than it was in the Scripps business.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America. Your line is open. You now ask your question.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. You're Gunner - you are on the cusp of closing the deal and the hard part is obviously in front of you. Given the changes you need to implement, where should we expect to see early results in revenue and costs? And maybe specifically the upfront in May? And seems like you'll close before then. The old Time Warner or Warner Bros traditionally had silos between entertainment, news and sports. Do you expect to go to market with all segments under one Salesforce? If yes, what are the pros and cons of doing that? And my follow up? I'll just ask now you called out the Olympic performance, which is clearly very different than the US experience. Can you talk a little bit about the lessons learned from the first two Olympics and expectations for Paris in ’24?
David Zaslav: Sure. Well, first, we've been focusing really on cost. And after we close and we get into the business, we'll have a chance to think about revenue opportunities. But our number one priority has been focusing on cost and analyzing opportunities within synergy that reflect the $3 billion. We can get more into the synergies Gunner, but I just wanted to speak to the Olympics and then pass it to JB. We have focused very hard throughout Europe with all sport in really driving local recognition of athletes. Who are the local athletes? What's at stake for them? Where did they come from? Why do you care? And what we've learned over the years with our three sports channels and with our direct-to-consumer business is, it's not just the love of the sport, it's the love of the athletes. And that when you see 8 skiers lined up, you want to know the backstory. And that has really worked for us across sport. And JB and Andrew and the team spent months promoting local athletes with the objective that if you went down a main street in any country and you said who are you looking forward to seeing in the Olympics that, we would - the objective was that you'd be able to name between five and ten people and I think that had a lot to do in terms of execution with what we saw with viewership across Europe. JB?
JB Perrette: Yes look, I think, Jessica we've learned a couple of things. The focus, as David said, stay on the production side has been very much focused on content storytelling on local heroes and athletes. I think also, we've understood in this digital and social age that people want to see more authentic representations of the athletes' lives. And so we've also introduced things like Family Cams and showing particularly in this virtual world of last two games where a lot of the families have not been able to be on site, showing how their families and friends are rooting for them back home and bringing that and making it a more intimate authentic experience of the full representation of the support crew that supports these athletes. And then lastly or the last thing that say we've also continued to build out the best set of experts in terms of On-Air Talent in the business by far. So people know to come to us because we have the best set of On-Air Talent that oftentimes are medalists themselves, Olympians themselves. And then lastly, we really continue to invest in innovative technology to bring the games and the stories to life in different and innovative ways that are not gimmicky but ultimately really bringing the storytelling to life, augmented reality being one. We've done little simple things like our announcers being on camera and having feeds from - our announcers who have obviously a lot of passion as they're watching their national games. And so, we've continued to innovate on the technology, which has helped bring the game to life in a different way. And so we're incredibly proud of what our team has done, as David said, in a very difficult situation. And we're very pleased that both in terms of our linear ratings being comparable to what we saw four years ago, on Chung Chang despite the put levels in that period being down double-digit, that our experience was very different than others, obviously in the last - both this games and the Tokyo Games for that matter.
David Zaslav: Gunnar…
JB Perrette: Jessica was asking about a little more on question. I think you've covered a lot of it, but any other thoughts?
David Zaslav: No, I mean, I think the one thing I would add, just to your point about the timing. Look, we want to hit the ground running. We have stood up integration management offices, both on the Warner Media side and on the Discovery side. We've got full teams and flight working on setting up the work streams et cetera. But that said we're still operating as two independent companies right now. There's very limited interaction regarding actual savings measures. So with that said, what I would want you to expect is sort of an initial wave of savings after closing, which a lot of it is going to be straightforward early quick wins. And then, we'll get to work on detailing out the longer term structure and setup and that's the reason why we had focused our communication on 2023 because 2022 was always going to be a little noisy. We're coming together a third into the year, et cetera. So 2023 is for me sort of the years for the full on synergy capture here.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Our objective is get the deal closed and implement these work streams on cost, and then sit down and look at the opportunity to serve advertisers more effectively and efficiently. And we'll have the upfront. Hopefully, we will be closed before the upfront. It looks like that'll probably be the case. And then we'll be able to start to put together an upfront strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Morris with Guggenheim. Your line is open. You may now ask your question.
Michael Morris : Two questions for me. First, David, you spoke about Warner Bros TV. And historically that's been a somewhat unique business and its size but also selling outside of the company. You referenced that being something you sort of expect going forward and in recent times, it feels like companies are trying to pull more content back in and perhaps in situations where they've sold externally. They've been disappointed with that decision. So maybe you just talk about the balance there given the size of the business, but also the interest in fueling your own platform. And a second question, maybe for Gunnar is really the long term margin structure for the business and thinking about the streaming industry more broadly. The guidance that you guys have given sort of implies a high 20% EBITDA margin which is below the historical cable business, but definitely the high end of the streaming business. So I guess the question is really, how do you see that converging over time, but also when you think of a sort of scale streaming business globally, what is its margin structure look like over the long term? Thanks, guys
David Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. I've been for many, many years in deep envy Warner BrosTV having spent 18 years at NBC must see TV. And Jack Welch would often remind the heads of entertainment of this that it was really Warner Bros TV, that all those shows were produced by Warner Bros. And the business that the Channing is running right now is generating significant revenue. And in some ways, it's doing two things. It's probably the best and largest producer of quality content, TV content in the world. We're in that business. We have a business called O3, as many of you know where we're 50:50 with Liberty Global with 35 production companies, that business has gotten game turned and runs it a lot better, because there are multiple bidders for quality content. And when you look at Warner Bros TV, it's a very, very compelling business in a market where there aren't many makers and as you said, even the smaller makers are making just saying, let me just make for myself. We - I look at that business and I see tremendous optionality and something that's really rare to have a maker of the scale of Warner Bros television with some of the greatest television producers in the world. Rob Reiner, Chuck Lorre, you know, the most prolific working at Warner Bros gives us great optionality. We can produce more content for HBO and HBO Max. We can produce more content to generate more free cash flow and profit by taking advantage as an arms dealer of something that's very rare, the ability to provide great content to Apple or to the broadcaster's or to other providers, we’ll get in there and figure it out. But in the end, when I say this is a balanced company, this is a big piece of it that we have a big production entity here - entity that makes a lot of money and we have the ability to ramp that up to make more money in an environment where there's lots of meat, where we have an ability to ramp that up and provide more for ourselves, which also provides some economic efficiency and so it's a great asset. We're looking forward to learning more about it, and leaning into it.
JB Perrette: And on the margin side, Mike. So a couple of points here. If you take a step back and look at the pure math, and if we look at a long-term horizon year and you’re looking at a 10 year projections that we saw in our - in our S4, you know, I think it's reasonable to assume sort of slightly declining margins on the linear side. And then we have all talked about DTC, reaching their peak investment point discovery+ as you know has peaked in 2021 from a investment loss perspective, HBO Max is guided to peak from that perspective in 2022. So, there will be very significant margin improvement in those businesses. You know, David described the macro tailwind for the TV studio, so that should be a positive as well. But if you take these underlying trends by business and then factoring that there's probably going to be a mixed change with DTC, obviously a growing significantly faster than I think that gives you a feeling for - how we get to this margin levels going to those levels that you see in the and the S4. We have said, when we launched discovery+ that we were confident to be able to get to a 20% margin at scale. That's where Netflix is a roughly today and the point that I want you to take away as well as I do think I've said many times, from today's perspective, I think we're going to do better than that 20% number and that is because we are very uniquely positioned. We're making through the combined company is going to be very uniquely positioned. We're making the content. We can decide flexibly where the greatest value is. We've got multiple bites at the Apple when it comes to monetizing the investment on our platform. And, again, we've talked about that so much, you know, we're virtually using every available revenue stream. In a way, we're sometimes double or triple dipping you know, monetizing content in our US linear environment, TV-everywhere. Discovery+ on the international side, basic pay then in certain markets, we've been very successful launch create air on top, and almost every dollar that JB spends on content is used both on discovery+ International and linear platforms. That's a huge advantage. Also the fact that we're getting subscription, distribution and advertising revenues. So I think we will always have an advantage with that global footprint when it comes to monetizing the IP investments. And again, as I've also said several times we're not going to be in a race here to win the spending war or to win a certain subscriber numbers. We're managing our business for the long-term, shareholder value, and that emerging all platforms at the same time.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: So, I've always felt one of the great strengths of discovery is that we were a free cash flow machine. And we were laser focused on that metric as being a real metric that represents the quality of a company and when we look at 2023, and that $8 billion. That gives us a lot of strength, but we're not going to just say, let's pour everything into the direct-to-consumer business. There is a level of investment that makes sense for that business. And that's how we're going to attack it. We'll be looking to monetize our IP to grow firm, the value of the overall company, to build shareholder value, and we have an ability to do that uniquely as a global company, in ways that most companies can. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Nispel with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open. You may now ask your question.
Brandon Nispel: Two separate questions, if I could please. One, on the linear advertising side, your trends and advertising are significantly different than the company that you're merging with. I was hoping you could help us understand your plans for really turning around the portion. Maybe it goes back to some of the Jessica questions, but how should we think about Discovery linear advertising growth, particularly in the US for 2022? Then just separately on streaming? Could you talk about Churn for Discovery Plus? How do you measure it? How do we think about monthly Churn rates? And really, what should we be looking for Churn on that service going forward, particularly as you sort of layer in HBO content? Thanks.
JB Perrette: We can start with the second one maybe Brandon. So I think on the Discovery Plus Churn numbers, I think we don't talk about specific numbers, but I can tell you this, which is David has alluded to I try to separate the US and international. The US, one of the greatest things we've experienced over the course of the last year is that compared to the best in class in the market, that our numbers are not quite there yet, but looking very competitive with some of the best in market and that's the reality is only twelve months out of the gate when our product and all the elements of our product, both in terms of engagement and retention capabilities. I would say right now it's still not certainly even on par with some of the best in market yet. So we feel great about where we are, one year out being in the same zip code as some of the best in market. And then internationally, I think we've been much more challenged candidly, historically. And as David said, part of the issue was that our platform wasn't as sophisticated because it came from a legacy pre-Discovery Plus launch in the US front end that didn't have nearly the tools for personalization profiles, really basic things that we couldn't enable. And by completing that re-platforming at the end of last year, we came out of 2021 with record lows on churn internationally, still higher than the US. But the great news is the trend we saw towards the end of the year and into the first quarter is very promising. And a big part of that we think is going to continue to improve by just having the product features that have been available in the US now available to us outside the US. And as the proposition and as the product features continue to improve over the course of the next couple of months, we think there's opportunity for those numbers to come even lower. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of a flavor.
David Zaslav: The only thing I would add is that, we went to market with over the years with this idea that we could build superfan niche businesses and we tried to do that with cycling and we tried to do that with tennis and we separated sport from the nonfiction and entertainment offering. And one of the things - aside from the quality of the platform is that we learned and this is good every time we have a challenge the question is, okay, what can we do differently that will improve the experience for the consumer that a broader menu of content is more people in the home using it, longer length of view in the aggregate lower churn. And so the experience over the last few years is as we add to the offering, the broader the offering the lower the churn and the more satisfied the consumers are, and so that's something that leads us to this - to the conclusion that bringing this whole thing together. It's going to be very compelling and there is a number of markets in Europe where with a leading broadcaster, so we have all the entertainment. We have the nonfiction. We have the sport. In some markets we also have news. And in those markets, we're doing very, very well. And our churn numbers are looking very encouraging. And so that's one of the things that that has led us to be so optimistic or optimistic about the fact that the strategic attack of putting it all together will provide a broad menu that will be provide growth lower churn and better customer satisfaction. Gunnar?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: On the advertising point, I mean, obviously, you'll understand we can't talk about sort of specific plans here for the combined company, but I do want to give you a couple of general points and then one deal specific point. So number one, just generally speaking, there's no doubt that ratings across the ministry are under pressure, so we have less inventory. We've continued to grow for a number of reasons. And I have every reason to believe that we're going to continue to grow with this lineup. Number one, and we don't have to go through the details again, but cable has always been under monetized in a major way. David has been talking about this for years. We're finally seeing some real traction as people sharpen their pencils. It's just a great deal to spend 30% less than on broadcasts on our networks and we can still double our CPM. And we've talked about that a lot. Targeting, even in the linear space, dynamic ad insertion at this point has passed the point of just pilots and testing. There's an opportunity there. And then finally, as we look at digital with eyeballs sort of moving out of the linear ecosystem into a direct to consumer ecosystem, we're getting as we laid out in our presentation when we launched discovery+ up to 3x CPMs, because we're covering more demos and age groups get better targeting et cetera, et cetera. So, there's a lot of monetization opportunity left in that traditional business. The deal, specific point that I do want to make is, what we learned when we combined Discovery and Scripps is and you go back and look at the number in virtually every market globally. We were able to get much better rating out of the existing content output because we were optimizing - suddenly we're able to optimize across a portfolio of networks. JB was able to launch new networks and reprograms networks internationally. We did very significant programming changes across the combined Scripps and Discovery portfolio in the US. So we were able - if you look at the ratings trends, to outperform the industry on a global basis for several years following that combination. And I think that's a general theme, which I would hope to get some traction out of when we combine these two kind of fantastic portfolios as well. So, I really feel very, very positively about the app sale side with the caveat that obviously, no one is expecting any viewership growth in this day and age.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Your line is now open. You may ask you question.
Jason Bazinet: So you guys have such a great track record in international markets. I just had an international DTC question if you ask the buy side a year ago how big the opportunity was, they would have said 800 million or a billion households. If you ask the buy side now they give you a number that's like one third of that because some of the bigger players are seeing decelerating that ads and I just - I know you guys have sports and news and a wide array of content, but what's your view of what that number is and what will it take to sort of deepen penetration outside the US. Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thanks, Jason. I think that there's certain number of people pay $14 or $15 for a television. And you're - you can model out country by country and there's different cultures and different willingness to pay for content in different markets at what that aggregates to. But what - the way that we see it is, we'll have ad free product, where we'll be competing in that space. But then we'll have an AdLite product that we're going to be very successful with that is much less expensive. And so what is the market for a product much less expensive that has limited commercials, but is very broad and has a compelling menu of IP and is available on every platform? So that - what is - how does that broaden the market? And then if you actually - we take - when we take a look inside of d+ and we haven't been able to look inside of HBO Max. We know exactly what they're doing with their library but they - Warner has the largest TV in motion picture library, they have half of the MGM motion picture library. We have a huge library. And so I really see and we as a company see three funnels. Our objective is to reach everybody. The certain percentage of people that will be willing to pay $15 for a premium service with no commercials, they'll be - will have a lower priced product that will attract a broader view of people with limited commercials. And we've seen a lot of success with ARPUs equal or greater to the higher fee. And then finally, as we get more sophisticated, we'll see that there's a substantial portion of content that we own Movies, TV, this is true for discovery right now. That’s not being used that much on the premium service. And so, eventually we should be using all that, now we may be using that on channels, but ultimately, you could see a subscription only service, an AdLite service and then a free digital service. So that everybody can go to and it you know it might be vanilla labeled, but putting in a lot of the content so that there's a load of people that will never pay for television, but they can go to and view this content and that'll be advertiser supported. And so in the long range, I think there are a number of players that are very tied to this idea of subscription only. But as a company, we probably have the most content the most diverse content, the most content in language around the world. And our ambition is that let's work really hard to drive the aggregate product in subscription and AdLite. And then let's take a look at who we're not getting and what content we have that could serve them in advertiser only. Eventually, I think there will be a digital broadcast, global broadcast network. It'll have very different content in the subscription or AdLite, but there'll be people that do not want to pay and they'll want to watch content and who has more content than Warner Bros discovery. And so figuring out how to do that will be one of the strategic initiatives that we have in place.
JB Perrette: And as David said, but that strategy is not just a theory. That's the same strategy that led us in Europe to get into free air over the last 10 years, where pay-TV was penetrated up to in certain markets only 20%, 30%. So 60%, 70% of the market was never going to be interested in paying for television and with David's vision at the time that the group went out and started launching free-to-air and we ended up developing a whole new audience segment at, 20% in some cases 30% margin businesses in the free air. That model may eventually migrate to kind of what we call free-to-view.  It moves to digital, but we think that's another alternative way, but we want to go after every customer segment with slightly different product offerings in each one and we'll have the content depth and breadth to be able to do it when you look at the combined company.
David Zaslav: You know, that broadcast model, we call the broadcast, but we didn't have news, we didn't have sports. And in many cases for a couple of years, we didn't have any original content. We just used library content. And you know, for instance, you know, in Italy, we had the number one channel for broadcast channel for women, which within six months of launching in our course was de minimis.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: All right. Jason, if I could just add one point from the perspective of just achieving long-term sustainable growth. You know, remember that while the international markets have more ARPUs and you're probably going to see some of that impact over time as international subs sort of increase in the mix here for us. It's, it's a multiple, relative to what we're getting, you know, in the linear world and on a per sub basis, and we're also able to address a much, much broader part of much larger share of the of the total population. Some of the markets in a traditional pay ecosystem are limited to 15%, 20%, 25% of the market. So that's why you're seeing us continuing to grow through this transition.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Kutgun Maral with RBC Capital. Your line is open. You may now ask your question.
Kutgun Maral: Good morning, and thanks for taking the questions. David, you said in your prepared remarks that your goal is to compete against leading streaming services and not to win the spending war, as you know a lot of the leading streaming services are ramping their spend levels more and more and on your end, I think Gunner, you even hinted at the fact that there may even be some content spend deficiencies than you previously expected. So I don't mean to belabor the point, but it's just top of mind for so many investors. So I'd love to get your perspectives on what gives you confidence that the DTC spend levels embedded in your targets remain appropriate in what seems like an increasingly competitive streaming landscape, and I guess at the core, I am just trying to better understand how much of an internal priority there is to hit the 14 billion in EBITDA and drive significant free cash flow versus maybe some flexibility for incremental streaming investments to better position the company to become a longer term leader in the space. Thanks 
David Zaslav: When you take a look at the premise of this deal, the reason that we have, we have a feeling but we don't really know in the end exactly what we're going to need to do and that's why I think having the free cash flow and the optionality and the ability to monetize across platforms is important. Having said that, we are - we want to compete against Disney and Netflix, but we're not - we're very different company than the two of them. Those are two great companies. You know, Disney has a group - has a group of people around the world that absolutely love their product. And they're doing very well. Netflix has a very broad appeal product, and Ted and Reid are doing a wonderful job about building out that brand. They have built the road of getting people comfortable, buying content and consuming it on all devices. We will have a very compelling offering. So someone could have Netflix and they'll go there to what, but we have very identifiable IP and much broader - we're much broader than Disney, and we have much more identifiable IP. And if you look at what Casey is doing with HBO, so he has Euphoria right now. He just had succession. He has the period drama, Gilded Age going right now. Would we do - with HBO be doing a lot better if it had three more really successful scripted series at this moment. It's not clear that they would be. Why? It's sort of the example of if you took Food Network and you said that we do 600 hours on Food Network and we nourish an audience and they're happy and they like it and they feel like that's their place, and we make $400 million as an example. If we decided to do another 400 hours of content, then maybe the audience would be a little bit happier. But now we'd make no money. And so, when you put Euphoria on and then that audience could then watch 90 Day Fiancé and they could watch Fixer Upper, that there's a real balance of content here that we can go to. And there's a lot of nourishment in our library together with a lot of shock and awe in the Warner library. And the shock and awe together with the nourishment and the great personalities, we think is a really compelling menu. And it's a great recipe that we think we can lean into. We're going to spend more on content, but you're not going to see us come in and go, all right, we're spending $5 billion more, because the first thing we're going to see is we have so much rich content and so much nourishment, as well as so much content that's compatible or reaches different audiences that they don't reach, that the excitement is going to be when we come together. Let's take this car out for a ride. Let's see how this does. We're going to continue to spend, but don't expect us to come out and go a couple of billion dollars more and off we go. No, we're going to be measured. We're going to be smart and we're going to be careful, but we're going to invest in the streaming platform. But that's not our only game. Our game is to create a business that generates sustainable growth, that's global in nature, that generates a lot of free cash flow. And we're quite confident in the numbers that we've given you. If something changes in the next year and a half that we think there's a substantial amount of opportunity for long term growth and long term economics, we'll come back to you with it, but we're quite comfortable doing it.
JB Perrette: No, I think you've said it all, David and to the point about priorities. Our priority is on making the right decisions and leaving no opportunity untouched. But we will make those decisions, as David said, in the interest of long term value for the firm here and long term sustainable growth. So that's all I can say. But we will definitely touch every opportunity.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes Discovery, Inc. fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Discovery Incorporated Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only-mode. After the conclusion of the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Also, please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, everyone and welcome to Discovery 's Q3 earnings call. With me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Gunnar Wiedenfels, our CFO, and JB Perrette, President and CEO of Discovery Streaming International. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that today's conference call will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include comments regarding the Company's future business plans, prospects, and financial performance, as well as statements concerning the expected timing, completion, and effects of the previously announced transaction between the Company and AT&T relating to the WarnerMedia business.  These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and about risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year end in December 31, 2020 and our assessment filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. This continues to be an exciting and busy time here at Discovery across a range of business initiatives and strategic planning for the next year and the years ahead. I'm very pleased with our focus, performance, and strong operating discipline as we simultaneously ramp up our integration planning, strategic reviews, and approach ahead of the WarnerMedia merger. We are increasingly enthused about the transformative opportunity ahead for our bringing together these complimentary assets, talented creative leaders, and employees all around the globe. This morning, I will provide some brief commentary on Q3 operating performance and update you on the progress we are making as we work toward the close of our transaction and integration of the businesses.  Gunnar will then take you through additional puts and takes on the quarter. Very briefly on Q3, it was a solid quarter all around. Subscriber growth for our direct-to-consumer platforms picked up nicely post summer. And we added a healthy 3 million paying subscribers around the globe, reaching a total of 20 million subscribers. And we've seen continued growth thus far in Q4. We were able to deliver this growth as well as driving double-digit growth in both advertising and distribution revenues while converting a healthy amount of OIBDA to free cash flow. This positions us nicely above our guidance of at least 50% conversion this year. And we see free cash flow is tracking to exceed $2.1 billion for the full year. And that after funding very significant investments in our Discovery+ rollout.  Additionally, and importantly, we have had the opportunity to refine some of our transaction leverage assumptions after examining WarnerMedia's draft carve out financials. Though we took a conservative approach initially, while modeling the proforma transactions. We now expect our net leverage at close to be at or below 4.5 times versus the 5 times that we noted in May. And we are currently tracking below the 4.5. This is predominantly based on estimated contractual adjustments to working capital and, to a lesser extent, an improved outlook in our operating performance. Accordingly, we now see a path to reducing leverage to around three times meaningfully sooner than what we articulated in May.  More on this shortly from Gunnar. But this points to a stronger financial footing than we had anticipated as we stand up the merged Company and accelerate the pace to de -lever, supporting our ability to make focused investments and growth initiatives even without any asset sales. On the regulatory front, echoing John Stankey 's comments on the AT&T call, we are well on track for a mid-2022 close and are engaged in the typical regulatory filing process in jurisdictions around the globe, including our planned filing with the Sankey SEC of a preliminary draft of our merger proxy expected out in late November.  The transformative upside from the merger is, of course, the global direct-to-consumer opportunity. And while we appreciate some of the questions that a number of you have asked regarding clarity and specifics regarding the product, investment, and go-to-market roadmap, it is still premature for us to provide details given where we are in the ongoing regulatory review process. That said, having conducted further operational and strategic diligence, I can share with you some broad strokes around what underpins our confidence and enthusiasm in our global go-to-market attack plan.  First, it's all about the content. From the start, under one roof, will be a combination of two companies whose common culture of creative excellence, iconic characters, and franchises will result in a differentiated competitive offering. I believe the biggest and most compelling menu of IP for consumers in the world. Spanning comedy to true crime, kids and family, lifestyle to adventure, drama to documentaries, news, and sports, and of course, sci - fi and superheroes. I believe the most complete and balanced portfolio offered in one service in the world. And secondly, we view our ability and commitment to tactically invest in our content portfolio as a critical strategic driver, building upon our respective long tenor track records of producing relevant and complementary programming around the globe. This should help to make our service uniquely global and local, at the same time.  Third, given the breath of our content offering, we expect the combined service will appeal broadly to all demographics, young and old with strong male and female genres. Again, very complementary, such that our global total adjustable market should be on par with the biggest streaming service. Assessing the overlap in respective subscriber basis, at least here in the U.S., we believe less than half of Discovery+ subscribers are also HBO Max subscribers, which with the right packaging provides a real opportunity to broaden the base of our combined offering. And with our global appeal, infrastructure, and local market capabilities, our international roadmap is very much still untapped and provide meaningful upside over the coming years.  Lastly, our ability to drive revenue and ARPU positions as well for long-term growth, particularly given our plans to market with a lower priced ad-light service, starting off in the U.S. and later in key international markets. A meaningful distinction from some competitors, where we see an opportunity to drive value. We gain confidence in the strategic direction from our experience with ad monetization on Discovery Plus in the U.S. where advertisers covet the incremental reach demos, targetability, and product flexibility, and pay premium rates to address this audience, helping make this year our highest ARPU offering.  The opportunity to scale and add light offering represents one of the most significant upside drivers for the Company, long term. While offering a compelling value to more price-sensitive consumers and will benefit from Discovery's depth in local ad sales infrastructure and teams around the world to help monetize. It's quite clear that the winners in streaming are and will be those companies that can provide consumers with the best quality stories, the most appealing content choices, personalized and simple products, and all at a great value. We expect our highly complimentary combination will drive such a winning value proposition and will be reflected across key operating metrics over time. A few words on the linear side of the house before turning over to Gunnar. As we think about what can be achieved in terms of bringing great networks and brands together under 1 roof, the analog to Scripps is a valuable benchmark. And we believe the opportunity is far greater here, both on costs and advertising revenue potential. Ultimately to better support our core linear business and more broadly, the entire traditional ecosystem. This, I believe, is one of the least depreciated elements of this transaction. Consider with Scripps, the platform we created in aggregating female demos, the bedrock on which we launched Premier. Our product that offers advertisers the unduplicated reach of broadcast network across all of our prime-time originals at significantly more efficient CPMs than broadcast.  We can take that advertising platform to the next level by weaving in sports, scripted news, and male-oriented programming together with our existing core competencies. It's a true win-win, generating significant revenue upside to us with improved options, efficiency, and savings to our advertising partners by replicating the reach of a broadcast network at better value. Cost synergy opportunities are significant. We draw upon the expertise of our transformation office, which since our merger with Scripps Networks in 2018, continuously challenges our management team and me, to refine and transform how we conduct and manage our organization from top to bottom around the globe.  Nothing is sacred and no stone is unturned. With scripts, we ultimately captured more than 1 billion in cost savings, representing about 35% of all non-content expenses. And about 3x our original synergy target. Before we stop the attributing incremental savings to the merger. A large chunk of the cost synergy opportunity that we have already conveyed speaks to the best practices in tailwind in place from the integration of Scripps. It's a great starting point as we refine and integrate Global Ops, enterprise tech, corporate functions, real estate, direct-to-consumer infrastructure and tech, and streamline efforts across duplicative functions like SG&A and marketing spend, a process that we see broken down into three distinct waves over the next few years.  We approached $3 billion in cost saves, as a tangible and achievable goal, especially against the combined Company that should spend around $35 billion this year. And growing from there. Stepping back for a moment to reflect on our direct-to-consumer pivot nearing a year since Discovery+ launched. I'm proud of what we have accomplished under the leadership of JB and the world-class team we have assembled over the last few years. We continue to learn a great deal, challenge ourselves, sharpening our focus, and gaining perspective for the next leg of our direct-to-consumer journey with WarnerMedia and HBO. And as we've noted recently, we continue to refine our Discovery+ plans, taking a more thoughtful and tactical approach to investing in the product and doing so in ways that also support our plans for the combined. Company after we closed the transaction. For example, we are moving forward in priority markets such as Canada, Italy, Brazil, and the UK. Some of which were HBO Max hasn't announced plans or in some cases has indicated that they cannot launch in the near to medium-term for contractual reasons. As you heard from John, Jason and the team on their earnings call, HBO Max continues to aggressively move forward with their global expansion plans. Most recently in LATAM and last week in Europe.  And we look forward to closing the transaction so that we can coordinate and maximize our marketing, technology and content spend for the enhancement of the combined effort. Until such time, we continue to roll out new and exciting content to entertain and sustain our subscribers around the globe. And our metrics look great. Roll -to-pay remains near 75% globally. Churn, particularly in the U.S., to continues to look strong and approaching peer group lows, while App Store ratings are firmly at the top, while monetization and engagement continued to exceed our expectations.  All of which helps to solidify our Discovery+ base as we endeavor to roll into and formulate a more comprehensive and broader offering with HBO Max. In closing, this is an exciting and dynamic time for us as we plan our next steps. And we are as eager to share them, as we know you are to hear them. And we expect that will be in short order. While the opportunity for course capture and enhanced efficiency is both tangible and material, our Northstar, our right to play, will be in achieving long-term sustainable financial growth resulting from the combination of these two great content companies. helping to nurture our important linear presence while driving global scale across our direct-to-consumer platform, anchored by as rich and relevant a portfolio of creative franchises anywhere in the world. I'd now like to turn it over to Gunnar. Afterwards, JB Gunnar, and I will be happy to answer any of your questions.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Reiterating David 's comments, I'm pleased with what the Discovery team has achieved since the Discovery+ Analyst Day not even a year ago. Over that time, we have added 15 million paying direct-to-consumer subscribers globally, finishing the third quarter with 20 million paying BBC subscribers. Since the start of our Discovery+ journey, we have launched an over 25 new markets, notably the U.S. and the UK. And most recently Canada and the Philippines. With Brazil to come over the next few weeks.  At the same time, we have continued to drive growth in markets like Poland, the Nordics, Italy, and India, where we doubled down on our direct-to-consumer efforts with a renewed and expanded content offering. I know our next-generation revenues finished the third quarter with $425 million for the quarter or a $1.7 billion annualized run rate with global D2C ARPU of approximately $5 and $7 blended Discovery+ ARPU in the U.S. Again, supported by our over $10 ARPU for the Discovery+ Ad Lite product, which continues to monetize very well. Investment losses for the quarter were in the low $200-million range, slightly better than our guidance from last quarter. And we expect investment losses more or less in that range in the fourth quarter as well. As always, we maintained a disciplined approach with respect to investing in direct-to-consumer initiatives.  As both David and I have noted over the last few months, it is through this lens that we view the opportunity ahead, both leading up to the marker and beyond. We are very focused on nourishing our existing subscriber base with an increasing content offering and new product features. At the same time, you should expect us to be guided by a rigorous analysis of customer lifetime value at subscriber acquisition costs to determine our marketing spend for new sub additions. And now I'd like to quickly review our reporting segments. Starting with the U.S., third quarter advertising revenues increased 5% year-over-year. Pricing was healthy versus last year driven by scatter pricing that was up 40% year-over-year. Additionally, we continue to see strong demand for our Discovery+ ad light product, which contributed to the growth in the quarter.  This was partly offset by weaker audience delivery year-over-year. Some of it attributable to the Nielsen panel issues, as well as the lapping of our very strong performance last year during the pandemic. Furthermore, some of our networks have lost share to the strong sports calendar this year. While scatter pricing is still very healthy in Q4, up 30% to 35% over both upfront and last year, the overall tone in the market is a bit more subdued than last few quarters as clients worked through the constraints in the global supply chain. And though there is slightly less visibility as a result, we are very pleased with how our portfolio is positioned based on the strength from the upfront and contribution from direct-to-consumer.  Distribution revenues increased 21% year-over-year, largely due to the continued growth of Discovery+ as well as linear affiliate rate increases, in part, helped by successful renewals with DirecTV, Verizon, Hulu, and [Indiscernible] so far this year, As disclosed in our earnings release, Pay-Tv subscribers to our fully distributed linear networks declined by 3% year-over-year, while total portfolio linear subscribers declined 4%, excluding the impact of the sale of our Great American Country network last quarter. Turning to international, which I will as always discussed on a constant currency basis. International advertising increased 26% versus last year as the global advertising marketplace continue to recover from the pandemic.  We also benefited from the Olympics in Europe across our linear and digital platform.  Although as we've noted in the past, advertising for the Olympic Games is less consequential in Europe as compared to the U.S. All of our international regions, including many of our key markets like the UK, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Spain, Australia, and New Zealand, and Mexico were up meaningfully compared to last year, as well as compared to 2019. We see momentum continuing into Q4, even as needless to say, the year-over-year comps get tougher from here on out. International distribution revenues grew 6% during the quarter, primarily due to the growth of direct-to-consumer subscribers, which have nearly tripled over the past year across our footprint outside the U.S., in part aided by Olympics sign-ups.  Turning to operating expenses, total Company OpEx increased 50% during the quarter, or 17% excluding the Olympics, for which the overall EBITDA losses were in line with our guidance of around $200 million for the quarter. We continue to focus on driving efficiency in our core linear networks, and we remain on track to reduce core linear OpEx in the low to mid single-digit percentage range for the year. Turning to some housekeeping items, net income for the quarter was $156 million or $0.24 per share on a diluted basis. A couple of items to note. First, we recognized a 12-cent per share, non-cash gain from the $15 billion of notional interest rate hedges that we recently implemented to mitigate interest rate risk for future debt issuances to finance the cash portion of the WarnerMedia transaction.  The hedges provide additional security and visibility towards our overall cost of deal-related debt financing, which is now trending better than our initial expectations. And a final note on this, as the derivatives do not qualify as hedges for accounting purposes, we are required to report the changes in fair market value on our income statement, which could result in some additional variability to our net income until the WarnerMedia transaction closes. We will of course, call this impact out each quarter. Second, the impact of the PPA amortization during third quarter was $0.30 per share. Adjusted for the above, EPS would have been $0.42 per diluted share. Our effective tax rate during the quarter was 15% and we continue to expect the full-year effective book tax rate to be in the mid-teens range.  For cash taxes, we continue to anticipate a rate in the high 20% range for the year, excluding PPA amortization though this is subject to change as we are carefully monitoring ongoing tax legislation. And we expect FX to have roughly a negative 15 million year-over-year impact on revenues and a negative $10 million impact on AOIBDA in the fourth quarter. Now, turning to free cash flow and our leverage. We generated $705 million of free cash flow in the quarter. Obviously, a very strong conversion rate of AOIBDA, notwithstanding the continuing investments we're making, as well as the return to normalized content production levels. Year-to-date, our AOIBDA to free cash flow conversion rate is over 60%.  And with a few months left in the quarter, we see free cash flow topping $2.1 billion for the full year, and clearly ahead of our 50% conversion guidance. And to expand on a point that David made earlier, we now expect our net leverage to be at or below 4.5 times by the time we close the WarnerMedia merger. Over the past few months, having had the opportunity to dig further into WarnerMedia 's draft carve-out financials, and with better visibility on estimated working capital, in conjunction with our better P&L and free cash flow performance, we now believe that we will have a healthy amount less net debt at closing than originally anticipated. While naturally, these metrics are preliminary and a function of working capital up close, we now do expect to be in a position to reduce leverage to 3 times meaningfully sooner than what we stated in May.  Our long-term target net leverage range for Warner Brothers Discovery remains at 2.5 times to 3 times. As we work towards closing the WarnerMedia transaction in mid-2022, we have re-erected our experience, integration, and transformation office to hit the ground running. And as we refine our strategic review and integration plans, and as we develop our synergy capture plans further, we are as enthusiastic as ever about the prospects of combining these two world-class portfolios and franchises. With that, we look forward to sharing a lot more in due time. And for now, I would like to turn the call over to the Operator to start taking your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Andrew Slabin: Doug?
Operator: Mr. Doug Mitchelson, your line --
Doug Mitchelson: Okay.
Operator: -- is open.
David Zaslav: He only responds when he is addressed as Mr. Doug Mitchelson. Okay. Sorry, Doug.
Doug Mitchelson: A hundred [Indiscernible] I still can't figure out the mute button. Look, David, I appreciate the update on the merger and the lower debt leverage. Can you talk about the content vision for the combined Company and how that's evolving? I guess it’s a three-part question, David. The first is Warner Brothers investing enough now in content under AT&T while they're focused on the merger. How are you thinking about how much content spend should be to women in global streaming versus how much the companies are spending today? And do you have visibility on what Warner's making that's going to be coming out in late '22 and '23 and '24 since movie, in particular, is a 2 or 3, 3-year cycle? Any thoughts on that would be helpful. Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks Doug. First, this is something John Stankey and I talked about us. We created this vision together of this Company being what we believe is the best media Company with the greatest and most comprehensive content offering. And as part of that, we're spending more money on content and leaning in. And WarnerMedia is spending more money on content and leaning in. We both committed to do that to keep both of our ecosystems nourished and strong and growing. So, when the deal -- when and if the deal gets approved, then we come together, we'll come together with strength.  And you see that with on the Warner side where we're cheering them on with the success of Dune around the world with Ann and Toby on that side and Casey Bloys having an incredible run at HBO with Succession, Light Lotus, Hacks, Mare of Easttown. It's just if you look at the culture and the impact of that content, together with the extraordinary library they have, us leaning in on our side with more original content. And so, for us, we're also spending a lot more on the international side to get ready. We think that's a strategic advantage.  And when you look at the content, we think in terms of the demographics that we will appeal broadly to every demo. I mentioned this, but it's very strong with women. That's a particular strength of Discovery where we're during many quarters with a leading media Company in America for women. Together with length of view of women watching our channels. Whether it's Food or HG, or Oprah, or ID, and TLC and that's continuing. In addition, we look around the world, it's not just local content, but we're the leader in sports in Europe.  They have sports in Latin America. And CNN is the leader in news with the most compelling news brand around the world and one of the few global, maybe the only global new service, that has the kind of resources around the world in news gathering. And so, as we go out and build this service and make this offering, and I do think it's the best content wins, there's a great product in Netflix, in entertainment, there's a great product with Disney, with Chapek (ph) is building, with entertainment. And we think we have a comparable product, maybe even more diversely attractive in entertainment.  But on top of that, we also have sports, which we're using in Europe and learning a lot from. And in markets like Poland, where we're doing news and sports together with broad entertainment and nonfiction, we're finding real meaningful traction and real reduction in churn. And so, I think we have a lot to learn, but we have a terrific product. And we're working on our go-to-market. We have brought on an old friend of mine, who I've known for 15 years, one of the most talented people I think in the business.  He's busy with a lot of other things, but we do have a commitment now that Kevin Mayer, who built Disney+, will be in the car with -- as a consultant with JB and I and Bruce and Gunnar and the whole team. As we've already built, as we've talked about a go-to-market strategy. We're going to be honing that. Kevin has a big brain. He's learned a lot about this. We've learned a lot in Europe and with Discovery+. We've been at it for a long time. But he had a lot of success at Disney. He's super excited about getting in the car with us and helping us with everything that he's learned.  A lot of knowledge about windowing, about so, how different pieces of content, whether its movies perform. We're anxious to get in a room with Anne and the team at Warner. I was there last week meeting for the first time with Anne's whole team, but they're super smart over there. And so, we think adding Kevin to the overall team is going to be helpful to us. And off we go. I they -- who's got the best menu? I think we got the best menu.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Doug, just one point I would add obviously, so we scrutinize of each other's investment plans as part of the deal discussions. And as we said before, all the financial guidance that we've given around the deal is always assuming a pretty significant step-up in content investments over the coming years.
Doug Mitchelson: Great. Thank you, both.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Hodulik from UBS, your line is now open.
John Hodulik: Hey, guys. Thanks. A couple of quick questions on advertising. Obviously, a lot of sort of trend going into the fourth quarter, you got the step-up from the upfront, but potentially some slowdowns in supply chain issues. Dave, is there any way that you guys could sort of characterize what you see going forward on that side and maybe breakout what you're seeing in terms of the linear business versus the DTC business. Thanks.
David Zaslav: Sure will. I will just start with this is the most successful upfront that I've seen in my career. I think from an industry perspective, it's up 20. And it was very materially bigger upfront for us because of Premier and because of the length of view and the certain advertisers wanting to be aligned with the brands that we have and the characters that we have. And so I think it's a big, big helper to us that we had a very strong upfront. There are supply chain issues. There are putt level issues., but we're still seeing that there will be material growth in advertising. And we can't predict what's going to happen in the future.  But as I've said before, I saw a lot of people in the mid-90s saying that it's the end of broadcast television. It may be a transition away from a lot of the younger demo being on there. But we see huge numbers and we're not getting credit for it. But I think one of the reasons why the ad market was up so much for us is the advertisers know there's massive audience over 55 watching food, watching HG, watching Discovery, watching ID.  And they get those. Right now, they get them for free. We talked about in the upfront number of us in the industry independently, we're out there trying to get credit for that. But I think that the linear platform is here for quite a long time. And there'll be ups and downs on advertising. But advertisers, they find it very effective to be in linear video, much more effective than others. And then we have the complemented Discovery+, which is just a huge driver for us in terms of a demo complements and attractiveness. Now, Gunnar?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: It's fine. I don't really have a lot to add to that, David. We're feeling very, very good about our position, the upfront, the continued contributions from D2C. But I did want to point out a little less visibility and for known regions. But we'll be growing very healthily in the fourth quarter, I believe, from today's perspective.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Hi. Thanks. I have 2 questions. On the integration on -- I appreciate all the comments you did make. What is the most challenging area and 1 area of opportunity, and you've actually gone through it at Discovery already in waves But on your technology stack, on your tech stack, can you talk about you transitioned off of the Major League Baseball -- Stemtech, off of Stemtech created your own. So as you look at combining with HBO Max, but what are the challenges and what are the ultimate benefits and cost savings? And then, second question, David, you said in your prepared remarks that you can make acquisitions without asset sales. I'm just wondering what pieces do you think you're missing in the combined Company?
David Zaslav: Okay. Let me start by saying, look, I don't think we're missing anything. And the first thing we're going to do is look to drive all the tremendous assets and the differentiated IP and the great library and local content that we have. Pull it all together and go to market. We think we have something quite strong. I'm just making the point that there will -- given that we are going to be delivering quicker, given the fact that we're -- we will be much lower levered than expected. That over time, as others are struggling that there will be an opportunity for us to look at IP and to see where we need more help if we need more help. On the integration side, we're really lucky. We got two big tenpoles here: 1.  Is Gunnar will be the CFO of this Company. He did -- he's done an exceptional job. He led the initiative with Scripps where we said we'd be less than 3.5 times levered two years later and we did it in less than a year. And we said we delivered $350 million and we delivered over a billion. And all of that was just cost not revenue synergy. He came up with these targets and is quite confident in those targets. And so, Gunnar will be kind of the lead horse here.  He'll talk to it. We have a very experienced team here. Bruce Campbell, and JB, and Adrian and I have been together for 25 years. We're looking forward to bringing in some incredibly talented people at Warner. But when we acquired Universal, JB was the one for Bob Wright and for Jeff Immelt that ran the integration of that entire transaction, which was cable, movies, theme parks with over a 146 work teams and work groups and did a magnificent job on that. And so, we're fully deployed. We got with -- there's a lot that we can't do now, but Gunnar, why don't I pass it off to you and JB?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah, and I'll let JB comment on the tech part of your question, Jessica, but again, I mean, from the perspective of challenges, again, as I have -- as I've been saying from the very beginning, we've taken a conservative approach to this and we're very well aware of the size of the checks that were riding here for and this combination. And we have been careful with our assumptions. So in all the work that we've done since gives me more, more confidence in our ability to deliver or against this [Indiscernible].  As David said, and as I said earlier in the prepared remarks, doing more work now, having transparency into albeit draft, carve out financials for the WarnerMedia car park group. As I said, the cash payment is going to be a significantly lower one from today's perspective, that gives us a better starting point from a leverage perspective. And as we said earlier, this sort of below 4.5 times leverage that we're seeing right now is to a large extent driven by working capital adjustments, but to some extent it's also driven by our current performance, both for the P&L and the free cash flow being above what we, what we assumed in our conservative agency model that we based our first communication on.  So, again, it's early still. We obviously still can only do so much until we have regulatory clearance. But as we said, the team is up and running. Simon Robinson, our Chief Transformation Officer and his team fully redirected at this now. So that [Indiscernible] the ground running. And I think we're in very good shape. You are pointing out obviously one of the key questions here with the tech platforms. JB, you want -- why don't you give a perspective on how we're looking at that.
Jb Perrette: Yes [Indiscernible], it's obviously a big opportunity for us. We look at it as one where we're undergoing right now, essentially an audit of both platforms. And I don't think necessarily the decision as monolithic one. We look at these as multiple different modules that make up all the different components of both their and our tech platforms. And we have a lot of experience, as you mentioned, in terms of the effort and the work and the discipline required in re-platforming either one to the other -- in one direction or the other. That decision we haven't made yet, but we're undergoing obviously, a significant diligence process to underscore which is the best in class on both.  And it may be a little bit of a combination of those depending on certain modules in the platform that we may apply. And so we think it's actually a great opportunity, because Rich and Jason and the team on their side have obviously spent a lot of time and are investing a lot in upgrading their tech platform as we speak. We've obviously spent a lot of time and a lot of money doing the same over the course of the last 12 to 18 months. And as the 2 groups come together, we will have essentially a choice of a what we think will be an incredibly attractive kind of tech buffet that we will look to make the best of both to decide how we move into a common platform going forward.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And, Jessica, maybe just 1 -- I just want to clarify one thing, Jessica, because if I understand your question correctly, you were referring to acquisitions. That's nothing that we said in our prepared remarks. And just to clarify, we're not anticipating or planning for any acquisitions at this point,
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: David was really clear. It just gives you opportunity. And but just maybe, I just wanted to follow-up on the -- does it take a lot -- you've gone through this as you said already, with Stemtech, can you just talk a little bit or give us any color on what the cost savings will be from combining and what the benefit are from having one platform?
Jb Perrette: Well, there will be meaningful cost savings from coming combining into one platform. I think there also will be meaningful consumer benefits from combining into one platform. And I think the other thing to keep in mind is yes, part of what in David's comments about us being more disciplined and tactical at this stage of phasing the further rollouts of Discovery+, for example, is also a view towards -- we may be able to more quickly in markets where we may not have launched Discovery+, to be able to quickly fold -- more quickly fold the content offering into a joint platform at that stage versus having to re-platform 2 existing platforms in a market into 1.  And so I think speed to market will be a variant of both -- Where we have and haven't launched. Number 1 and number 2, while we -- the final decisions on exactly which parts of the tech platform we migrate to will influence how long it takes us to get there. But remember that there may be two phases to this, where there may be an initial phase, which allows for more of a quick bundling of services. And a second phase, which eventually allows for, obviously, a common service on one tech platform. That's the timeline and evolution certainly [Indiscernible], that we'll talk more in detail as soon as we can give you more color.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: But maybe if I can add one thing, Jessica. What we said when we first announced this deal was remember there's roughly $6 billion in technology and marketing spent between the two platforms. We're assuming growth. We brought together two companies with significant expansion plans. A lot of that spends is, by its nature, a fixed cost relatively independent of the subscriber number. Obviously, there's a streaming-related cost that's there, but a lot of it is fixed. And so, there's a huge opportunity to completely to duplicate that spend base. And to JB 's point of multiple waves, especially on the marketing side, I have no doubt that we will, out of the gate, even in the first phase before fully aligning tech platforms will be able to get a lot of leverage out of the combined marketing spend.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia Quadrani: Just a couple of questions if I can. How do you think about growing sort of local content following the success you've seen by others with that strategy? And then secondly, really on the new side, is it better to have sort of standalone new streaming service in your opinion, or combined it with entertainment streaming?
David Zaslav: Thanks, Alexia. One of the real advantages of Discovery is for 20 years, we've been in-market with local teams selling locally, producing local content throughout Latin America, throughout Europe. In Europe, we expanded into free-to-air in a number of markets where we're the equivalent of NBC or CBS. In some markets, we're the equivalent of like NBC and CBS combined. In Northern Europe and Poland, we're quite big with number free-to-air channels in Italy and Germany. And we have a library that's meaningful in each of those markets. And we have a lot of data on what people are watching.  We have a good sense of what kind of content they're looking at on the direct-to-consumer platforms because we've been at it for a long time. We also have sports in Europe. And we've tried a lot of things, some haven't worked out as well as we'd expect. And that's a good thing because we've learned that sometimes packaging the sports independently doesn't work as well as packaging it more broadly. Number of sports together, reduces the Churn significantly makes the appeal higher. When you put sports together, with entertainment together with non-fiction, we came out with the Olympics.  We had a million-plus sign-ups for the Olympics. And so, we continue to learn. That's a good thing. We're continuing to invest, learn, and grow. That's what John, and Jason, and Ann e, and the team is continuing to do on a parallel basis independently. But as we come together, we'll all be smarter. You look at what people thought about windowing of just as a student of this and the meetings I'm having, what's the right window in strategy? What works best for direct-to-consumer product? Is it better to have to build up a movie in the theater and then bring it? Is it stronger on the platform if it goes day [Indiscernible] Is it stronger if it goes day? [Indiscernible] at $30 versus free? There's a lot that we are learning just as observers. And there's a tremendous amount that Jason has learned and Ann and Disney has learned and that the industry has learned.  And one of the great benefits for me is I have this ability to really listen. And also, this has been a great experiment in how people are consuming content. And when people come on for a movie or series, how -- what's the reaction? A lot of what is on the Warner side, I haven't seen, because at this point, we can't see it. But the general industry knowledge and trends are things that we're noting aggressively and we're learning from, and we're continuing to experiment in Europe. On the news side, we've been experimenting ourselves. And in Poland, we went independent. Now we're packaging it together.  I think it's going -- it is probably going to depend on the market and it depends on the offering. We have a very, very strong service in Poland and it's been very helpful to us. We're one of the leading voices in the market, and we have a 24-hour news channel there that's quite compelling. We don't know what's the right answer yet. But having news and sports -- news is some -- the more people go to a direct-to-consumer product, the lower the churn. The more time they spend, the lower the churn. It's why we're so excited about how much time people are spending with Discovery +, which has a library that's being broadly viewed.  And the idea that people spending hours on that product and the churn is low is encouraging for what bodes for the combination of the two. But as people, if you could put news or sports and people also go regularly for that, it's another reason to have the service. It's another reason the value the service. It's another reason not to churn out of the service and Disney has been very effective in doing packaging of services. We don't put them together, bundling. And that's the current plan right now for CNN, as we've read about it. And so it's exciting and we'll look and see.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kutgun Maral from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Kutgun Maral: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask about DTC investments for standalone Discovery and then drill in a bit on the deleveraging comments. So first, given the deal, it clearly makes sense to take a more disciplined approach to your DTC strategy. I assume this will drive some near-term financial benefits. So, can you provide a bit more color on the DTC investment levels going ahead? I know you called out the low $200-million range for Q3 and Q4. Where are you seeing some opportunities here? And is that a good quarterly run rate through deal close, or can the losses continue to maybe narrow given the strong top-line trends?  And then just second, accelerated path to deleveraging post deal close is very encouraging. Is there any more color you can provide on the drivers for both Discovery standalone where you continue to deliver robust free cash flow and then on the pro - forma outlook? Just Gunnar, it's fantastic to hear about your continued role here, and I know you provided a lot of details already. But any more specifics on the improved pro forma leverage targets, particularly if there's an updated view on pro forma EBITDA, given maybe some minor asset sales from the WarnerMedia side. Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Great. Thank you, Kutgun. Let me start with the delivering piece here and give a little more color. Again, the -- there are two things that we have updated. 1 is sort of our model of how we look at pro forma combined in financials for the Company, and number 2 is just flowing through our current performance, and that's, by the way, linked to your first question as well because we're just doing a lot better and we're generating a lot more free cash flow than what we anticipated half a year ago. But if you take a step back, the challenge here is that WarnerMedia is not a standalone Company, but is a carve-out group. We obviously made certain assumptions about what the balance sheet of that Company and carve-out group would look like, but had to wait for some still draft carve out financials to get full confidence in the financial setup of that combined entity.  And accordingly, what we put into our model and what I presented to rating agencies for the rating discussion was a conservative model not fully flowing through certain adjustments. The most important, one of which is the working capital adjustment. So, we have always talked about the $43 billion as subject to adjustments. And that's the working capital adjustment from today's perspective that looks like it's going to be $4 billion, $5 billion lower in terms of what the net payment is going to be will have an impact on the net debt balance that we're going to start this Company with.  And then, that has obviously a very significant impact on leverage. So, the second thing though, is about 25% or 30% of this improvement here is just driven by our better operating performance. Obviously, better OIBDA improves the denominator of that leverage equation, and that's developed very nicely as well. And I do want to caveat this. As we said right now, it looks a low 4.5 times. This number is going to move around with working capital. But what's not going to change in my view is the very significantly increased confidence that I have in our ability to very, very quickly deliver below the 3 times and the very quickly get us into the long-term comfortable leverage target range.  And, again, the other point I want to keep pointing out is we have already got a lot of questions on this. We have already dissipated very significant re-investments in our business case. To your first question, on the D2C investment, I'll let JB talk about some of the opportunities a little more because we do have, obviously, the Olympics is coming up and market launches kicking in here. But you're right in general. We've always looked at and we will continue to look at capital allocation through the lens of risk and return.  The return side is almost fairly easy in this space because it's just the relationship between customer lifetime value and subscriber acquisition costs. And it is fair to say that -- ask the marketing teams to give us a bit of more cushion between the 2 in order to manage some of the uncertainties as we go into the scenarios for next year. So you're right, we should see lower investment losses, especially if you keep in mind that the beginning of next year we're starting to comp against the various significant investments that we made in the first quarter of 2020 as we launched the U.S. product.  At the same time, I also do want to point out we're continuing and as David said, we're continuing to really nourish the existing subscriber base that we have. We're continuing to invest in content in a significant way. So keep that in mind as well over the next few quarters. We will continue to see content expense coming up. We're also continuing to invest in technology and product features. But just a little less focus, I would say in the mix on necessarily driving for every last subscriber. JB?
Jb Perrette: Yeah. And the only other thing I'd add, Gunnar, is obviously, as we approach the deal term, not surprisingly, many of the partners that we work with internationally that have been a great part of our success. And that you've heard us talk about also asking the fair questions about how much money and how much effort they should put behind launching a new market as we go into 2022, given questions about the future brand and the future product offering, etc.  So, we're getting the same questions from partners, which is totally legitimate and that is making us, in some cases rethink when is the right time to launch? And a lot of that is largely when they're -- those things are being pushed off is a pushing off a marketing, and in some cases, content expense to later when we have a better view of what the combined product will look like. And we can come back to our partners with them more definitive sense of when and what we will be launching together.
Kutgun Maral: That's great. Thank you, both.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rich Greenfield from LightShed Partners. Your line is now open.
Rich Greenfield: Thanks for taking the question. A few months ago, WarnerMedia left behind its own channel platform. I think they've joined Disney, Netflix, Hulu, even Apple TV Plus. [Indiscernible] we're just looking at [Indiscernible] they were just looking at the DTC subscriber business and wanting to be in a fully direct relationship versus sort of a whole down relationship with Amazon. But I think that's sort of puts Discovery by common stars as sort of the 3 largest players on Amazon channels.  Again, sort of David, your perspective big picture hasn't been about the puts and takes of Amazon, whether going fully independence is something you can see Discovery's future, or whether you think companies like WarnerMedia had been in the state not working with Amazon channels and just be curious how you think about that and then just lastly, including calendar on Varick, are you planning on keeping more HBO Max, and Discovery+ separate with that sort of the bundling comments you were making or is that decision of integration still not made. That would be along faster.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Rich. We have a go-to-market strategy that we feel that we've built. I think having Kevin Mayer in the passenger seat with JB and Bruce and I, and eventually with the Warner team, with all of his knowledge and expertise, haven't built and driven Disney+ globally I think will help to finalize and fully inform our strategy. But we're -- given where we are on the regulatory process, we're just not ready at this point to share all that with you guys. We will -- we expect to and we will soon. JB?
Jb Perrette: I mean, Rich, on the channel store question. The reality is they've obviously been a very good partner of ours on Discovery side. We're well aware that as you said, HBO is taking a different position. I think the 3 questions that we'd have that we are waiting to engage further with the HBO side is: 1. We have found so for that hit -- there is a -- the question about these channel stores bringing in a different customer base than what we might be able to address directly is an ongoing question, and we certainly seen some good incremental subscriber growth coming from that channel store ecosystem. And how much of that is cannibalistic versus what we could do direct or not is an ongoing set of analysis that we have going.  And obviously, we want to compare notes with the HBO team at the right time. But that's a question --because ultimately, we want to try and get our products out to as many consumers on whatever platforms as necessarily. The second is the data element and the customer relationship, which I think is a little less known. And I think as some of the Amazon executives have talked about publicly now, we do have access to customer information as part of our relationship. And that's an important differentiator that doesn't make this just a traditional anonymized channel store relationship but where we actually have customer information on the channel store consumer.  And so that makes the equation a little bit different. And so, you overlay those two things, and we say, the third thing is obviously, we want to have more engaged conversations with the Warner team and look and see whether the strategy that they're following today or the strategy that we're following today makes sense for the combined and the Northstar will be two things, which is ultimately how do we get the product getting in front of more consumers in aggregate?  And how do we do it in a financially strong way? And if we think we can deliver a -- still get the customer relationship, but get in front of more people with the right economics. I think it's one that we will certainly remain very open to. So, we haven't made a decision definitively, but we are remaining very open and we'll certainly that will be part of the story when we come back to so, you, Rich and the team, we'll tell you more about it at the right time.
Rich Greenfield: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Steven Cahall: Thanks. Maybe -- Gunnar, thanks for that color on the lower leverage and the expectation for the merger. You also mentioned that you're having some pretty encouraging conversations raising the debt. So I'm just wondering if that's going to come in a little cheaper. And I think you gave some steady-state guidance of around 3 times for the combined Company initially and getting there in about two years. Should we assume that you get there a little more quickly just because you're going to be starting from a lower base, or is it more that you'll just have a bit more flexibility starting from that 4.5 times or below?  And then maybe one for JB on Discovery + and NextGen, is it logical for us to assume maybe just a little bit slower pace of net adds going forward as you take a more focused approach and void stepping into places where HBO is strong and be a bit more selective. And if that is the case, I'm wondering if there's some free cash flow benefit that near-term strategy just cause SAC expense runs a little bit lower. Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Great. Steve, yes, l'll start with the flexibility. As I said, in my prepared remarks, I am very convinced from today's perspective that we're going to hit that upper end of our target range of three times earlier than we originally mentioned. And it is the 2.5 to 3 times range that I want to see going forward. And to your question about flexibility, we don't need flexibility because our deal model already assumes very significant reinvestments and further investments in building out the DTC product and growing content expenses over the five-year term here that we have modeled.  So clear answer is yes, very, very hopeful that we will be hitting that upper end of the 2 to 2.5 to 3 times range earlier. And regarding raising debt, again, we've mentioned the $15 billion hedge that we have put on. And pretty much in line with what I said earlier about the conservatism in our initial model. The answer is yes, there is some room. We have obviously taken some conservatism as well as we modeled out our interest rates, We've, we've locked in very attractive rates with this $50 billion hedge program. Again, I don't want to make any promises, we'll -- it still will be some time before we implement the financing, but a good part has hedged now.  I will have to monitor the spreads as well, but I rates, believe that we're in a very rate, comfortable position relative to what we put out in the original statement and in our deal models. And before I hand it off to JB for the subscriber outlook here, the financial part of that question is you should absolutely assume further free cash flow performance here as we move forward. I do want to have the balance sheet in the best possible shape as we come up on closing the deal. And as I said earlier.  I now have explicitly guided to at least $2.1 billion of free cash flow, so it's a significantly higher conversion than what we went into the year with and what we guided at the beginning of the year. And that's all part of our ambition here: to be disciplined and get this Balance Sheet in perfect shape. JB?
Jb Perrette: Yes, I think consistent with what Gunnar just said, you we should assume obviously. We are continuing to obviously push and see good growth in the markets where we're in. And we'll be launching our newest market at Brazil here over the course of next two weeks. And so, we're excited about that, and we still see healthy growth out of those markets. And we're spending at levels to Gunnar 's point that we think are reasonable without leaning too far in. But they slightly more conservative SAC to LTV ratios that we're spending at, plus the slowdown in some of the new market launches as we go into towards the end of the year and into 2022. It doesn't mean that the net adds numbers will be a little bit slower than they might have been in the past.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
Jb Perrette: And it may be worth just, Rich, I realize we didn't hit Rich 's second question about the bundling clarification. I think David in my point on the bundling was purely that in back to Jessica's question about the tech rollout, it will take a bit of time, no question to come to 1 platform. And so while that process is underway, there will be opportunities in a much quicker fashion, closer to day 1 to potentially do some very creative bundling propositions. That is a interim strategy, not a long-term strategy, I think at this point is what we'd say.
Operator: This will be our last question from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. I think the release noted renewals with DirecTV and Verizon during the quarter, I'm just wondering if you guys could give us a little bit color on the key takes there and whether you see healthy affiliate fee growth coming out of that or any changes in packaging. And if the merger impacted how you approach those deals, given, David, you've made that point that bringing the Turner networks in as a real underappreciated asset and part of this transaction.  That's my first one. And then I just wanted to come back, David, there's obviously a lot of focus on the merger and including your management team that you're putting together. Congratulations on bringing Kevin on board. Is that -- I don't know how much you can say, but is there hope that that converts from a consultancy to an employee ship? And I'm just curious if you still going to remain Chairman of Dezelem, which I think is, at least in some regard, a competitor to you guys in Europe. Thanks a lot.
David Zaslav: Thanks. Len Blavatnik is a very old friend and he's out he is he worked with me and Kevin and providing the opportunity for us to get a good amount of Kevin's time. But he is fully committed to LAN and the zone and he's doing some other things as well. He's driven down all these paths. And he's a great entrepreneur and he's got a number of really exciting things he is doing and working on. This is one of them. And I think it's going to be really helpful to JB and I and Bruce.  And he's is having a great time doing what he's doing, but he's super excited about really coming in and giving us the full scope of his experience and brain on everything he's seen and learned. And working with LAN has been a good thing. I think he's seen and learned more about Europe and sports and -- so I think that's exciting. The team at Warner and the way they're growing, the knowledge, the capability there, the attack plan that they have is really impressive, and the [Indiscernible] super strong. If you look at the strength of that product, you look at the strength of our product.  So, I think, we've got a lot of really good people. You've seen through the hits for our history with Scripps that we're really about who are the best people. I think we're going to have -- be able to build a really strong team and bring in some outside experience as well; but it's really encouraging how well they're doing and what we are learning along the way, and that's a big helper to us.  On the affiliate side, Gunnar, you could fill in some more. But I think we reached deals that were very favorable for us on the carriage side, very strong. And I think it's win-win. They want to commit to carry all of our channels. And this whole idea that a bunch of our channels are going to get dropped, that never happened. They're good value. I don't say that with great glee, but when you look at the overall package and, on the viewership, we're a great value. And they're making a lot of money selling our -- selling advertising on our services.  So, it went very well for us with meaningful increases and real security and I think well for them and continuing to get really good products. And in terms of how do we, how does this align with Warner has nothing to do it. We're operating as an independent Company. And we're operating on the strength of the channels that Kathleen Finch and Nancy have been building here with Discovery, and Oprah, and Food, and HG.  And so, we've been over-delivering. People love our stuff. And it's just a reinforcing of this narrative that despite the fact that the world is changing, that we were able to get deals with some of the toughest and strongest and most knowledgeable distributors on very favorable terms with strong carriage commitments, as we make this transition together, and so I think that's a very good sign for the two sides. Gunnar, anything to add?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Just obviously, the caveat that we don't call the support or we don't control the subscriber trends. So that's always the -- and we have as much visibility into that as many of you on the call here, but I'm very, very pleased with the distribution team's successes this year and we've gotten done so many questions about, sort of, the outlook and we just continue to go through deal after deal after deal with very encouraging results.
Ben Swinburne: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining us today. And with that, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Discovery Incorporated Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. At the conclusion of the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Also, please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery's Q2 Earnings Call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, Chief Financial Officer; and JB Perret, President and CEO, Discovery Networks International. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.corporate.discovery.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we will open the call to take questions. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that today’s conference call will include forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements include comments regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance, as well as statements concerning the expected timing, completion and effects of the previously announced transaction between the company and AT&T relating to the WarnerMedia business.  These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining for second quarter earnings call. Discovery continues to deliver strong operating and financial performance, driven by healthy momentum across all our key segments beginning with our core linear business, which continues to accelerate sequentially underscoring the durability of our content category and the overall strength of our brand, while simultaneously scaling on global streaming offerings.  Most importantly, Discovery+, which continues to have strong traction underpinning total next-generation revenue growth of 130% year-over-year and $17 million total global paying direct-to-consumer subscribers at the end of the second quarter and $18 million as of today. With momentum around the globe, most notably behind the strength of the Olympics, which we launched our Discovery+ in Europe in a number of markets.  All the euro sport player where Discovery+ had yet to launch and we had some fantastic traction thus far. We are excited about prospects for the second half of the year, as well as for the Beijing Olympics, more on all of that in a moment. The combination of continued strong execution across our core business, while scaling our streaming platforms drove healthy top-line growth and strong OIBTDA and free cash flow conversion, supported by vigilance on costs.  Gunnar and his team continue to do a terrific job leading transformation across the organization with an eye toward continued efficiency, particularly as we absorb investment spend and support the growth and roll out of Discovery+ and we delivered a meaningful sequential improvement in our investment losses as we lean into monetization and begin to see the benefits of scale from an expense base.  In fact, this quarter, annualized next-generation revenue is $1.6 billion and we see additional revenue growth ahead. In terms of the core, as you’ve heard from our peers, the industry just wrapped an incredibly healthy upfront providing us with the level of visibility we have not seen in quite some time.  Jon Steinlauf and his team delivered top of peer performance and a record for our company, a testament to the programming and brand that viewers love and that our advertising partners value, as well as our differentiated suite of products and platforms available to reach consumers in an otherwise increasingly fragmented marketplace.  We achieved rates of change inclusive of the step up performance at Discovery Premier that we are well ahead of the peer group. Premier has proved to be a great success. A unique vehicle that passengers first run episodes from our most popular series and networks in which sales more than doubled. Over 200 clients are now buying premier they ratings and reach that is equivalent or greater than broadcast prime, but at a significant CPM discount. You've heard me talk this as true win-win and we keep driving this forward and clients love it.  Moreover, demand for our bouquet of digital properties across discovery+ our go apps, VoD and site with social was robust.  Advertisers continued to look for incremental reach beyond linear and with roughly half of the audience space for discovery+ being non-cable households. The platform is hugely attractive to buyers. We look forward to additional product features and offerings to roll out throughout the year to drive further monetization. But what we are currently seeing is noteworthy. Advertisers of buying targeting capabilities of our platform with innovative and intelligent solutions at healthy premiums to traditional linear.  Internationally, advertising has also come back in a big way, driven by a number of key markets such as the UK, Italy, Germany, Poland, as well as a number of Latam and APAC markets that resulted in all regions around the globe turning in an acceleration and traction throughout the quarter.  Turning to Discovery+, we are really pleased with the cadence and monetization of the service. Supported by continued subscriber traction and healthy ARPU, notwithstanding the seasonally slower summer period, only exacerbated by the post-COVID reopening. That said, we had healthy sequential improvement in paid stubs quarter-over-quarter with most of discovery+ international runway still ahead.  Here in the U. S., we continue to add to our distribution and platform footprint. Following last quarter’s launch with Comcast, in the coming months, discovery+ will also be available to Com’s subscribers across their Contour TV and Contour stream player platforms.  Discovery+ will also shortly be available on VIZIO SmartCast, advancing our roll out to all major consumer platforms. As we've noted previously, the bulk of the 2021 discovery+ international market launches would be in the second half of this year with key market launches such as Brazil, Canada and the Philippines to come in the second half of the year.  Vodafone successfully launched in July in the UK market for mobile customers and we expect additional markets such as Spain, The Netherlands and Italy to launch as planned following the migration of our front-end technology to our common global platform this fall.  JB and his team have been deliberate and methodical in managing our international roll out to ensure the best consumer experience. This includes ensuring we have strong integrations with local partners and completing a major replatforming to get both our front-end and back-end technologies on one common platform.  It is a complicated roadmap of engineering and commercial logistics, not to mention COVID challenges around the globe in some of our tech hubs. At the same time that we have been planning, producing and delivering the Olympic games from Tokyo. We continue to learn a lot as we go in Terms of what's working and what's not with respect to marketing, branding, tech product and features, as well as distribution partners and platforms.  We are very pleased with the metrics we look at to evaluate our position within marketplace, consumer acceptance, roll to pay, viewing time per active subscriber, churn, monetization and so on. We’ve provided an early glimpse across these metrics last quarter and I am pleased that we continue to track well against our internal plans and the momentum we are building as we look at ahead to our exciting plans post-merger with water media and HBO.  Taken together, we could not be more excited about the possibilities ahead to serve consumers with the deepest and most compelling content offering in the world. Consumers want choice and simplicity. We believe that the combined company will be able to offer more of both, in a video market that could see more consumer selectivity as the market matures, we believe the combined company will be well-positioned to compete in the global streaming marketplace.  The regulatory process continues to move forward as planned, giving us confidence in our previously stated timeframe of mid-next year to close. And lastly, the Olympic games in Tokyo, which as I noted earlier has been a very pleasant surprise, during what can only be described as challenging circumstances. At this point, about halfway through, we've already doubled our total sub gains from the last Olympic games in Pyongyang.  With nearly three quarter of a billion minutes of Olympic content streamed, up over 18 times versus the last case. Like with the winter games, we've enjoyed some truly remarkable viewing shares in key markets like the Nordics in which our share of television viewing for certain sports has been upwards of 60% to 80% and with outstanding traction with streaming across all markets, notably in the UK and Italy, which are newly launched markets for Discovery+.  We are very excited about the upcoming Olympic games in Beijing in early 2022 and then of course Paris in 2024, right in our backyard. These are truly hallmark, high value branding events and our super funnels that drive awareness, viewing, and subscribers to our platforms.  With that, I'd like to turn it over to Gunnar to take you through our financials, after which Gunnar, JB and I look forward to taking your questions. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our second quarter earnings call. Echoing David's Comments, I am very pleased with our operating performance this quarter, in with both our traditional core linear business, alongside our next-generation streaming platforms combine to deliver very healthy revenue growth and impressive AOIBDA and free cash flow conversion.  While comparisons against last year's advertising performance were very favorable, we’re especially encouraged by the acceleration and sequential improvements we've enjoyed from every region around the globe and returned to near pre-pandemic levels in the U. S., Latin America, EMEA and Asia Pacific, all turned an impressive results and of course, discovery+ is providing a nice tailwind to our performance.  Turning to second quarter results, beginning with the U. S segment. Advertising revenues increased 12% year-over-year, as we continue to take advantage of a very low robust advertising market for both linear and digital inventory. We saw strong demand in all key categories including CPG, pharma, cosmetics, auto, retail, and home improvement, far more than offsetting the softer viewership across the industry, as compared to the peak COVID Q2 of last year.  Scatter CPM dropped 50% plus versus last year's upfront at up 130% year-over-year. Additionally, next-generation advertising demand was very healthy across our suite of products with revenues up 70% year-over-year.  Specifically, for discovery plus, more than 800 advertisers have now bought inventory on the platform, more than 4 times the number of advertisers that we had targeted by the end of the second quarter. Interestingly, more than 90% of all clients who have bought inventory in discovery+ also bought inventory and our Go and TV Everywhere offering underscoring the power of integrated audience solutions across our suite of digital products.  Furthermore, we continue to roll out new ad products on discovery+. For example, we recently launched Green Lives, an ad product that allows clients to own the first ad served to every user on discovery+ on a specific day.  As noted earlier, the strength the upfront market under the continued relevance and importance of television as an advertising media contributing to greater confidence in our ability to drive top-line advertising revenue growth. While we face comparisons against political advertising in the second half of the year and some modest headwinds from the Olympics here in the U. S in Q3, layering in the tailwind from this upfront, we should enjoy sequentially faster revenue growth in Q4 over Q3.  Distribution revenues grew 12% year-over-year on a reported basis or 18% like-for-like, primarily driven by continued traction in monetization of the Discovery+ subscriber base helped by linear affiliate pricing, offsetting the year-over-year decline in Pay-TV subscribers. Subscribers to our fully distributed networks were down 3% during the quarter, while total portfolio subscribers were down 7%.  However, recall that we sold Great American Country during the quarter. When adjusted for this sale, total portfolio subscribers would have been down 3% year-over-year during the quarter as we continued to benefit from specific distribution gains across certain networks from recent new awards. We will begin lapping those in the coming months and you should expect to see our linear subscriber trends more in line with the industry going forward as we have discussed prior.  Worth noting also is that the sale of GAC did result in a modest headwind to both reported advertising and distribution revenue this quarter as we did not recognized any contribution from our partner so far.  Turning to the International segment, which I will as all discuss on an ex FX basis. Advertising revenues increased 70% year-over-year as we saw significant growth off the second quarter last year. We saw strong revenue growth across all regions with the pace accelerating throughout the quarter with a number of key markets nicely above 2019 as David mentioned.  Distribution revenues increased 6% versus the prior year, supported primarily by direct-to-consumer subscriber growth. So as noted, there were no material new market launches during the quarter. This was partially offset by lower liner affiliate rates in certain European markets.  Total company operating expenses increased 33% during the quarter. Cost of revenues increased 25% year-over-year, as sports returned to a more normalized schedule this year versus virtually no sports last year due to COVID-related shutdown, as well as the continuing investment in B2C content.  SG&A increased 43% versus the prior year as we invested in marketing and personnel to support our discovery+ roll out. We continue to focus on driving efficiency in our core linear networks and we remain on track to reduce core linear OpEx in the low to mid-single-digit percentage range for the year.  As we guided, we reduced our losses from investment projects significantly in the second quarter to roughly $250 million versus more than $400 million in the first quarter, benefiting from both strong next-generation revenue growth, as well as more efficient marketing spend, primarily in the U. S.  Q2 next-generation revenue growth of 130% to annualizing at the $1.6 billion runrate and we expect additional sequential quarterly revenue growth through the year and beyond.  As we launch in new markets during the second half of the year, we expect that we will continue to incur investment losses fell more or less in the same ballpark this past quarter, mainly driven by content and marketing costs.  We continue to expect that investment losses will peak this year. Overall, we remain very pleased with all of the core KPIs we closely monitor and we continue to attract well against our internal plans. Global direct-to-consumer ARPU remains consistent with Q1 as the impact of certain international partnerships and associated early promotional activity is offset by our strong and growing U. S. ARPU, which is nicely supported by the ad live discovery+ product.  Roll to pay still remains high at an average of close to 80% across the global B2c portfolio. As the averaging base of per viewing subscriber, which is more or less in line with what we saw last quarter, as well we remain pleased with overall churn, which naturally is at the lower end for the most the mature subscriber cohorts and skews higher for the most recent ones.  As I noted, the vast majority of our international discovered+ sales thus far has come from existing markets. And we plan to launch in a number of key markets and territories during the second half of this year, including Brazil, Canada, and the Philippines, alongside the additional Vodafone launch in Italy, The Netherlands and Spain around the end of the year.  It is worth highlighting that a handful of these market launches have been extended out about a quarter or so later than our original internal plans call for, primarily resulting from the requisite harmonization of our technology platforms, the added benefit of Rich will enable us to roll out at international ad live products.  This has been a heavy lift, particularly, given team constraints related to COVID in our tech hubs, primarily in India. Other puts and takes to consider will be our ability to maintain and keep subscribers that come in during the Olympic games though the initial roll to pay numbers was very encouraging. Net-net, we remain very excited about our local go-to-market strategies across these important countries through the end of the year.  Turning to house housekeeping items. Net income for the quarter was $672 million or $1.01 per share on a diluted basis. First, please note, we recognized a $0.09 per share gain on the sale of Great American Country as well as a $0.09 per share non-cash gain on an existing investment in Sharecare, the company that recently went public.  Second, our effective tax rate during the quarter was negligible as we recognized certain non-cash cash tax benefits totaling $162 million or $0.24 per share. Given these tax benefits, we now expect the full year effective book tax rate to be the mid-teens range.  For cash taxes, we are now anticipating a slightly higher rate in the high 20% range for the year, excluding PPA amortization, as we are positioning our tax footprint for optimal outcomes across a number of legislative scenarios for 2022 and beyond. Third, and finally, the PPA impact was $0.30 per share. Adjusted for the above, EPS would have been $0.89 per diluted share.  Now, turning to free cash flow and our leverage. We generated $757 million of free cash flow in the quarter, representing a near 70% conversion rate of d AOIBDA, notwithstanding the continued investments we are making, as well as the return to normalized content production levels.  Year-to-date, our AOIBDA-to-free cash flow conversion rate is nearly 50% and we remain confident that we will convert at least 50% of our AOIBDA to free cash flow this year even with the anticipated new market launches and slightly higher cash taxes mentioned earlier.  At the end of the quarter, our net leverage was three and a quarter times, which is within our current target range. We expect our net leverage could be temporarily at the high-end of target range due the Olympics in the current quarter. As a reminder, we do expect to recognize $175 million to $200 million of AOBIDA losses during the third quarter, as a result of the Olympics.  So we continue to expect that we will break-even or generate slightly positive AOIBDA and free cash flow over the life of the deal.  As indicated, when we announced our transaction with WarnerMedia, we did not repurchase any shares during the quarter, as we continue to invest in our next-generation initiatives and conserve cash ahead of the closing of the deal.  And finally, we now expect FX to have roughly a positive $100 million year-over-year impact on revenue and a negative $20 million impact on AOIBDA in 2021. We continue to operate in a solid footing dynamically growing our direct-to-consumer business with contributions to our top-line growth becoming increasingly meaningful and optimizing the resilient core linear business creating strong conversion of AOIBDA-to-free cash flow.  We remain focused on delivering solid operating performance, while we’ve built the framework to support long-term sustainable growth and shareholder value. And we are eager and excited once we gain all the requisite approvals to roll up our sleeves to capture the tremendous opportunities offered by our proposed merger with WarnerMedia.  And of course, we look forward to speaking with you at the appropriate time on our thoughts and plans around integration, strategic direction, synergy, et cetera.  With that, I'd like to turn it back to the operator to take the questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Kutgun Maral with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Kutgun Maral: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions. And just on direct-to-consumer, can you help us better understand the international roll out trajectory? I know you called out Brazil, Canada, Philippines and a few European markets with Vodafone for the back half of this year. Some of these are particularly big broadband and mobile markets. I'd be curious which market launches or distribution partnerships you see as the biggest opportunities?  And maybe more broadly, how are you thinking about the subscriber momentum into the back half of this year, especially I think there is some concern that we might see some churn pick up with some of these distribution partnerships that had fixed line promos.  And then, just lastly, I know it's early, but any thoughts on the international roll outs looking for 2022? Thank you. 
David Zaslav: JB?
JB Perrette : Yes. So, we have, as you noted, we have the markets we've announced that we'll be rolling out. I think we feel very good about them. When we announced when we get closer to the actual release date we'll will also be announcing in many of the markets as we’ve done to-date both in the U. S. as well as internationally, partners that will be launching with and so you should expect sort of fairly consistent to what our historical precedent has been from strong partnerships in a few of those markets that we roll out.  And so, we feel good about that. I think as Gunnar touched on in his comments, we are - they are all sort of leaning towards more sort of September and into the fourth quarter where we had hoped obviously to be slightly more ahead of that into the third quarter, but due to obviously wanting to make sure we got the Olympic games off the ground successfully and getting this replatform and completed. Some of that will hit a little bit later in the second half of the year, than we had initially thought.  And in that time period, I think we do see internationally some obviously – we are expecting significantly more growth coming out of those new market launches as we get towards the back half of the year. As it relates to 2022, I think it's a little bit early to talk about that. The only comment which David and Gunnar made amplify is, obviously, as we get later into 2022 when we get further visibility on the timing of the WarnerMedia deal.  We obviously will look at making sure we stay smart in the context of when that timing and when that deal might close as to how we maximize the roll out schedule of those services into 2022. So that's I think as much as now. Gunnar or David, if you want to add anything else such as... 
David Zaslav : Just to add, the execution on the Olympics was really almost flawless. And you - all of our - the entire Olympics was offered throughout Europe on our product. People are spending a huge amount of time as you've seen it’s 18 times what it was before for Pyongyang. It was very simple. The navigation was simple.  We spent a lot of time making sure we get the product right, that's going to help us, but we're also, as I've said, we are learning. One of the things that we've learned along the way is navigation and simplicity is very important for people who are able to find the products that they want, particularly with a complicated product like the Olympics and it's really working.  We'll have Beijing coming up in a few months. It's very unusual that we get it back-to-back like that. So we think that we can do better in terms of keeping subs and growing subs because we don't have a two year lag between the two games, which is advantageous.  The other thing that we're learning as we look to roll outside the U. S. is that, ad live is a really compelling product. We're generating about $6 in advertising per subscriber here in the U. S. with three minutes of advertising and the friction for users is non-existent. When they used to seeing 14, 18 minutes to C3 and so there may be a real strategic opportunity for us here.  We're doing extremely well in packaging that product together with linear, together with AVOD here in the U. S. and so, whereas a year ago, we thought everything would just be subscription, we are looking at AVOD as a meaningful opportunity to go into markets at a lower price, get more scale and be able to pick up actually more money.  We're making more money on our ad live product plan awful lot here in the U. S. And so, doing that requires more engineering, more coding, but we want to get it right. And as JB said, as we get closer to the Warner Brothers discovery to our transaction, we'll continue to look - right now, we are both accelerating and Warner is doing any terrific job. John Stankey and Ann and Jason. You take a look at Casey, you take a look at the momentum that they have, they're driving hard, we're driving hard and then we'll true up together.  At some point, we really do have our strategy. We can't share it with you right now, but we will look carefully as to how we want to true these up together. And so that might affect as we get closer to the approval, what exactly we do knowing that when we're coming together as a new company. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels : And Kutgun, maybe one thing that I'd like to add is, your question on churn. So that continues to track very nicely ahead of our plans. And most importantly, roll to pay is also very stable as I said close to 80% across our various products. And to your point about some of those distribution partnerships starting to come off of the initial period, that's another area where we've actually been positively surprised. It’s a little lower there as you would expect, but not as meaningfully lower as we had modeled. It's actually been a positive surprise. 
Andrew Slabin : Okay. Let’s go to the next question. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 
Steven Cahall: Thanks. One for David and one for Gunnar. David, some press reports suggested that you might have made some comments at Sun Valley about the merger, maybe timing and further industry consolidation. So those of us who weren’t invited to the conference. I was wondering if you could just maybe expand on some of those comments in this public forum.  And then, Gunnar, I think you reiterated doing a huge investment this year in terms of the AOIBDA drag at next-gen. As you think about the merger with WarnerMedia and the BBC Services, I know selling on remains pretty sacred, but when you think about either factor tech is there any reason you might decelerate that, which you're going to be combining all these systems at some future point. And could that lead to any upside to maybe the five times leverage target when you close? Thank you. 
David Zaslav : Thanks, Steven. Well, let me first speak to the merger timing. I was in DC last week. I met with across the board, spent the full day. There is broad support for this transaction. We haven't heard any pushback. We haven't seen any push - double pushback. This becomes a very strong company for consumers. A more compelling stream of business.  And so, right now, it feels to us on every level, like we've seen green lights, we are not seeing any yellow lights or red light. Having said that, we're not in control of the timing. Disney was able to get their deal done in six months. Everything so far is extremely positive. But some of the timing with respect to the IRS and the DOJ.  We can't - they're working very effectively with us. The AT&T team and John. John has a terrific team that's working with our team. But ultimately, it could be significantly sooner. It could be a little later. We are just not in charge of the timing. But we feel very good about it at this point. There is nothing that we see and I mean, we're still hoping that we could really get lucky that it'll will happen a lot sooner. And that's what we're all pushing for.  On consolidation, look, I take a look at this business, Warner Brothers Discovery. And there is just - the toughest thing to do is to put together a great library or a great menu of content or IP. That is the most difficult thing to do. Yes, we need a strategy, but what the price is? Is it ad is it ad live. It’s exactly how do you go to market in each country.  But the toughest thing to do is come up with a menu and have the strength of content to not only get people to come there, but get them to stay. And one of the things that's happened since our deal, as you look at the Amazon deal, or you look at the announcement of the Reese Witherspoondeal, almost $1 billion for that basket of content, almost $9 billion for the basket of content that that MGM has. Great company.  Reese developed a great company. But we own significant amount of the MGM library. This new company when it comes together. Harry Potter, King Kong, Godzilla, Batman, Game of Thrones. You look at what Casey is doing right now with Hats, White Lotus, Sex and the City coming back, Friends, Friends Reunion, Space Jam having a big week – a big weak against the Marvel property. And so, which Toby put together.  And Jason, they're sitting on top of just an extraordinary library of IP. Hanna-Barbera, all these things you cannot create. And so, we look at all of that and we say, we can't wait to close. We think we have the broadest, most compelling IP together with what Discovery has and as Gunnar said, we're seeing over three hours of engagement. Our churn is very low.  We have great nourishment and the combination of Harry Potter, King Kong, Batman, together with all with all of our great nourishing content globally and all the local content we have around the world, as well as sports and news, we think makes us really compelling.  Having said that, you look at – here is two transactions that have happened. People need more IP. I believe that what we have is, not only do we have, I think the strongest set of IP, but we have the broadest global - the most global content in language of anybody. So, I think we started off in a very, very strong position. I think we're fine if nothing happens.  But I believe that over the next couple of years, there is going to be more and more people are going to look and they are going to raise their hands and there will be more consolidation. There will be a more IP libraries sold, because you need a lot of content to be successful. And I think people are going to take a look at what we have.  What John Stankey put together, together with what we have and it's really going to be formidable. And Disney and Netflix have gotten across the lakes and we think that this will be the third global streaming service successful, sustainable, that's our mission.  And a lot of the other IP that are subscale will probably be raising their hands or people, there will be a lot of consolidation. And some of that may be opportunities for us. But right now, I really like where we are. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Steven, let me take the other question on peak investments. Again, as said, we're reiterating that expectation that 2021 is the peak here. And again, I think it's coming together very nicely. Right, you're seeing the revenue contributions ticking in. We're tracking at an annual runrate of $1.6 billion. Next-gen revenue is now a significant step-down in our startup losses from our investment initiatives overall.  So, this is a matter that we've been talking about previously and I don't want to go through all the details again why? But we will be able to get some nice profitability out of streaming at comparatively lower subscriber numbers and that’s earlier.  To the second part of your question, HBO Max had guided to 2022 being peak investment year. That's how we’ve reflected in our model as well. There is no update right now. It’s sort of the operationally with [Technical Difficulty] position here. And again, from that perspective while I don't want to give an update on that five times leverage expectation right now. Again, I view that as a non-issue. We have a ton of confidence that we will very, very quickly get to where we need to be. 
Andrew Slabin : Okay. Let’s go to the next question. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 
Doug Mitchelson : Thanks so much. Couple questions if you don't mind. Gunnar, on SG&A, it was down quarter-over-quarter in the United States and you mentioned coming off of launch marketing or more efficient marketing, Is this 2Q level sort of a good SG&A level that we should expect to continue?  JB, and David as well, JB, what have you seen from discovery+ so far in international markets? How does that inform your launch strategies for upcoming markets? And in particular, if you think about pricing for this service, you better off pricing at a premium for super fans or pricing low and trying to drive the services broadly as possible. Thank you. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Let me take the SG&A question quickly. So, the way I would look at this Doug is, and I said as much earlier in the prepared remarks, I view this sort of $250 million roughly give or take level of investment losses as a probably best estimate as of today for the third and fourth quarter. That implies since we're assuming revenue growth that we are planning to spend more.  And again, we want to continue making those investments to growing products with - again, a very, very strong long-term value proposition. So you should see a general trend of expenses growing. But very much in line and then over time slower than the revenue side. 
David Zaslav : Just, look, the - in terms of our all-in mission, our all-in mission, we're not going to get into how we are going to price in each market at this point, because it wouldn't be appropriate. We're not going to talk about exactly how we are going to package at this point, because we just can't do that right now. We have a compelling plan. We are looking at – we are going country-to-country.  We are actually trying some different things, so that we can learn more. We're watching the great success that John and Ann is having as they accelerate. But, we're focused on 200 million global subscribers. This is not about niche. This is about global subscribers and for me, after we close this deal, it is going to be two absolute missions.  Mission number one is drive direct-to-consumer to 200 million subscribers in every language in the world and with the product that's easy to navigate and use. And we think we can do that when we close, we're both growing. So we're going to start with a good base to get there. But that's the left side. The right side is, focus on having the best creative company in the world.  And Warner Brothers has been the greatest creative company in the world. The place that the talent Warner come, the place where they feel nourished and support it and that's the history of Warner Brothers. And most of the great content that that I've seen that we've all seen, we don't even realize that in the end, we see that Warner Brothers shield and it stands for something. It stands for great storytelling.  And we are, one of maybe the only company that has the ability to focus only on that one thing. We're not in the phone business, when this deal closes. We're not in the retail business. We are not cloud business We are not in the cable business. And so, that's the focus. And that singular focus I think will drive a great culture this is where people that care about content, that love content, that saw the magic when they were kids and they looked up at that screen.  That's why we all got into this business. And that's the only business that we're in. And I think that, that together with the fact that Warner Brothers itself, we can open a movie everywhere in the world, as well or better, maybe best of class. And that's not going away. The motion picture business is not going away. It's why it's the top of the patina.  It's why the greatest writers, producers, and creative talent came. And when you look up at that big screen, that's where stars are made and that's where magic happens. And so, 200 million subscribers, a great team putting these companies together to drive toward that and a great creative culture, with a - at the very top of motion picture business, that'll will be 100 years old in two years. And has a heritage of all the great story telling that we all grew up with. That's the company and that's what we're going to drive for. 
Doug Mitchelson : Great. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And if you want me – and just one thing I can say on the current pricing to your question of discovery+. I will say that what we've seen so far is, the very broad, very scaling distribution, this is the international growth that’s not driven by one market. We've seen very even and very significant million plus markets so far across some of our biggest territories.  So we feel that it's not necessarily a question of going high price, small or low price broader. The reality is, that we're able to hit this sweet spot right now with the pricing that we have in most of our markets which is on average for the entertainment here in this $4 to $6 price range and that that's scaling very nicely,  Now, again, it’s hard to talk about the globe in one sloop, because ultimately markets where we have more premium sports, we will price higher. Markets where we don't and then have lower price sensitivities like Latam or Asia, we will price lower But generally, we feel like we can actually hit a very attractive price point, much higher than our wholesale pricing today and still be in a sweet spot that ultimately delivers scale at the same time. 
Doug Mitchelson : Right. Alright. Thank you.
Andrew Slabin : Okay. Let’s go to the next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Janedis with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. 
John Janedis : Hi. Thank you. David, maybe, we could start, can you give us more color on Discovery Premier? How much more inventories available for you to sell into the market? Can you delve a little more again? And what does the CPM lift relative to the rest of the portfolio?  And then, maybe shifting to discovery+, anymore early trends you could talk about from a viewing perspective? Is the proportion of time spent there on specific networks or programs consistent you’re your linear networks and for the content that's premiering on discovery+, are you seeing a lift and subscriptions or impact on the new ratings thanks? 
David Zaslav : Thanks, John. Well, first, the upfront was - the best upfront that I've seen in my career. On average, it was up about 20 and we were able to beat that significantly. So I think, I believe we were best of market, but this was the market that was up 20 and we picked up. We did much better than that and one of the reasons is because of Discovery Premier.  And in some ways, it's a great story, but it's one that it starts off with the fact that we're not getting enough and we haven't been getting enough for in CPM for the great content that we have. And broadcast is in the 60s and where we have been in the 20s. And so, one, we made some more progress against the broadcasters. But Discovery Premier is in the 40s. And so, for advertisers to be able to get content that has the same or better reach with the same or better engagement in the 40s.  For us, it's a dramatic increase. But for advertisers, it's a significant decrease because instead of buying a broadcast at the $64 and buying us for $45 or $43 or $47. And so, it's a real win-win and we are able to service. We have great demos and we're able to go - not only do we have the premier product, but now we have discovery+ with the engagement and a much younger audience.  And so we could put together between linear and discovery+ and Go, a really compelling package. And the result was, our most successful upfront. And I think it's the fact that, ratings are down in the aggregate is something that we are going to be living with for a long time. But look, I’ve told this story before, but in the 90s, we went up and when I was working in cable group, broadcast was going down and advertising rates were going up.  And we all said that can't continue and it continued to the date. It's been going on for 20 years. I can't predict that that's what's going to happen. But there is not a lot of great inventory out there. Inventory is declining. And we have some of the best inventory out there. And then, one, it's generally underpriced. So when we get big increases, it still looks good.  But two, the overall bouquet of what we're offering now between the young demos on discovery+ and Go and the engagement in the audience that we have on all our brands and what we can put together for advertisers is real scarcity. You have the scatter market at plus 50, right now. And there are a lot of others that are under-delivering and so they'll be out of sales.  So, in general, when you see the fourth quarter, you're going to a real opportunity. When I talk about visibility, it's because the numbers in terms of the upfront that's going to start in the fourth quarter and it's a good think, because maybe we'll be down 15%, but maybe the appetite, it looks like the advertising thing is going to be up dramatically more than that.  We can't predict whether that will continue, but it's - right now, it's a trend with scarcity and the way that our content and linear content can deliver an audience for an advertiser, the prices are going up. And so we hope that continues because it's an offset and it allows us to still grow in linear, which is meaningful. 
JB Perrette : And generally, I'd say, to your question about engagement on discovery+ and content, it does - it does, John, largely, obviously follow a lot of our biggest networks. But the genre is certainly in the crime, paranormal, a home, the discovery content, a lot of this sort of traditional our core genres in the linear space also are those that are driving our discovery+ activity in the U. S.  That is obviously, reality, in the TLC, sort of genre, also a big driver for us. As you spread out and go internationally, it becomes a little bit more diverse in the sense that obviously, we have bigger broadcast content in markets like Poland, the Nordics, Italy.  And so we have bigger entertainment formats, also that are working extremely well and then sports which we talked about both in terms of the Olympics and outside of the Olympics. So it becomes a slightly more diversified story outside the U. S. But in the U. S., it is driven by a lot of the core, John, you think about us for TV. 
John Janedis : Thanks.
Andrew Slabin : Okay. Let’s go to the next question. 
Operator: Thanks. Your next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Jessica Reif Ehrlich : Thank you. A couple of questions. There have been press reports regarding your interest in Channel 4 in the UK. And I mean, it's great that you are still looking at transactions like or you're about close one of the biggest. But can you talk about M&A priorities or opportunities outside the U. S.? Can you give us an update on what's going on at Poland from a regulatory perspective?  And then, finally, in advertising, how much crossover is there on the various platforms for your advertisers? Or are you tracking different advertisers to different platforms? 
David Zaslav : Well, let me start and then JB I'll pass to you. We can't comment on Channel4. But I would just say, we're focused on one thing and one thing only; closing this transaction and putting together this spectacular company that has global IP leadership in terms of the content that we have, local content, sports news, the best of bouquet of content, together with strong leadership at both companies and both having a really good platform that consumers are engaging with their liking.  This is - our focus is singular. Close this deal and drive this company as I’ve said, drive the subscription piece, create a culture, and drive a culture where creative talent wants to come and walk to tell their stories. That's our focus. So, we are not going to comment any other specific transaction. But I do think that there is lot of players that are sub-scale.  And a lot of them are going to be figuring out over the next couple of years what they do. And the good news for us is, we think our hand is very, very strong. That's the going around the world and we will focus on getting this deal done and taking that hand to market. 
JB Perrette : And Jessica, the only thing I'd add to that one is also, we think it as a - we're proud of the fact that, unfortunately, every time that anything is potentially up for sale, our name gets mentioned, because we have obviously had a successful track record of acquiring, integrating and then successfully managing all sorts of businesses.  The reality is, oftentimes, and the David said, particularly, these days, our focus is in a different direction right now with the closing of the Warner deal. That's our primary focus. So, in terms of the ad sales, clients and I’ll come to Poland at the end.  On ad sales, we do see a vast majority of our clients overlapping between linear and digital. So, it's a very strong correlation and a number of clients were doing both. On Poland, look, as we’ve said, I think publicly in the past, we remain very committed to the business. It's a great business. It continues to be a growth business and a very healthy business for us.  The environment is obviously challenged. We're actively talking to all the different constituents and stakeholders to make our case. And we think it'd be very, very economically irrational for the government to try and pass any laws that ultimately would change our position and make the environment way less attractive for foreign investment, not just media any foreign investment.  And so, at the end of the day, we're continuing to work that situation aggressively on all sides. The U. S. government the EU have all been very supportive and fully behind us. And we'll keep you posted as that continues go on. 
Jessica Reif Ehrlich : Thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Robert Fishman with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open. 
Robert Fishman: Good morning. David, following up on your earlier IP comments and tying in what you're are seeing with the Olympics. Can you share updated thoughts on how important international sports, or it’s hard for your company, especially as it relates to driving discovery+ subs when the next round of sports rights come due?  And then for you or JB, can you update us on how the Pay-TV ecosystem looks outside of the U.S. as it relates to cord cutting and whether you plan to be more aggressive shutting down linear cable networks as discovery+ ramps up? 
David Zaslav : So, let me just start by - with the core cutting question. Outside the U.S. in the aggregate, with the exception of last quarter, the period during COVID where we really grew, we're doing as well or better as we've ever done in history. This past quarter, we were strong - much stronger than we were in overall share than we were in 2019 or any before through all those prior years.  And unlike the U.S. where pricing is so high, pricing for entry cable is much lower around the world. And so, there is some decline and there is some decline in viewership. But it's much more moderated than what it is in the U.S. JB can speak a little bit more to that and then I will jump in on the sports piece. 
JB Perrette : Yes. I think, again, it's hard to paint it all with one brush. There are, as David said, generally broadly, we do see some cord shaving. But the cord cutting has remained fairly stable internationally. So, we don't see the same sort of dynamics as we've seen in some in the U.S. The cord shaving is really sort of elements of some of the higher tier and higher price point people churning down to lower tiers in certain markets.  But those are, I'd say, more limited and in the higher priced markets like northern Europe in some cases. And then there are markets like Brazil, for example, for macroeconomic reasons that certainly have seen subscriber decline over the last few years as the middle-class has been squeezed. But at the same time, we know in the markets like that the video consumption and video viewership is as hungry as ever,  And that's where, particularly with the launch of discovery+ coming, we're at an even more attractive price point than what they would have paid it even for a more reasonably priced Pay TV package. We're excited to see those subs that might have left the Pay TV bundle over the last few years have a chance to come back to us at a more attractively priced discovery+ option going forward.  In terms of shutting cable and that's, like I think Disney has announced, we still see a very healthy business on the Pay TV side. The hybrid deals we've talked to you about where we've done deals with existing partners the continued carriage of some of our channels at healthy economics thus launched discovery+ and so do a kind of two for one.  Those have been very successful for us so far and we continue to see a lot of opportunity to be able to drive both of those. So we don't see necessarily the shutdown down scenarios, But over time, there may be a handful of markets where we say that maybe worth experimenting. But for now, we see a healthy ecosystem and healthy partnerships with this hybrid model. 
David Zaslav : On the sports, we're learning. I mean we've been at it for now over four years. So we needed to find a better product then we were going direct-to-consumer in Europe with individual sports. And the good news is we are trying different things. And we're trying to figure out ultimately, the consumer is going to decide how they want it.  And we're finding that we're having more success when we put the sports together with the entertainment together with the non-fiction. But it's early days. It's still only the third in it. So in a lot of these markets now, where we have football, where we have cycling, because we're putting it all on D+, we're looking and we're trying to get a sense of what's the acceleration of subs.  What happens to the churn? Right now, it looks quite favorable. We are also anxious to see which will - where we're not getting an inside look at all in Warner, but they launched in Latin America and they launched with a lot of very compelling sports like football in Latin America. What is their experience? The Olympics has been a really good experience for us. We're doing very well with it. Share is up 30% with Pyongyang. We are finding that the engagement is much higher, as I've said. And so, we don't know yet what the churn is going to be.  I think it's going to be helped by the fact that we have Beijing coming. But ultimately when these companies come together, it's all about the IP menu. We have news. What roles will news play. We have sports. It’s not the leader, we are one of the leaders in the world in terms of the sports. Jeff Zucker and John Stankey, and Jason got, we're able to lock up sports rights in the U. S. with some of the best leagues outside of football, which is compelling.  So, when you look at all that IT and figure out, what do we do with it? How do we offer it? Is it all pay? Is some of it free? Is it all together in one package? Is it in two packages? But the sports, I think is not that different from Harry Potter or a King Kong or DC comics or a lot of the HBO IP, but with the exception of the fact that we don't own most of the sports.  So, what we've done is we try to get long rights for those sports and be very careful about what we pay for it. But we will - there is a difference in that when you are building these the franchises that we have, whether it's Ship and Joe, whether it’s the Ophrah Winfrey pro product or whether it's Warner Building in DC, you own that forever.  And sports you have to eventually come back and pay for. And so, there will be a view over the next several years of how that - how important sports is. How - and what the return is on it. But we're very happy with the fact that we have fantastic sports globally that we'll be able to use when this company comes together in the package and we're doing very well with sports in Europe right now.  JB anything to add? 
JB Perrette : I think that's exactly right there. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Robert, I want to just repeat one thing that David said in passing, is to make sure that everybody has heard this. Our second quarter this year was the second strongest in our history internationally when it comes to actual volumes delivery in terms of eyeballs of viewership, second only to last year’s second quarter, which was obviously impacted by the massive COVID spike. So it is a fundamentally different story internationally versus domestically. Yes. 
David Zaslav : And we're getting better at doing local content in these markets that people love and they want to watch. We are gaining share. So, even though some people may be veiling on linear, the linear advertising market is extremely strong. Our share is growing. And we're doing what's very hard. We're programming in these countries in every language and we have teams on the ground that are creating content in language, in country and it's paying off. 
Andrew Slabin : Let’s go to the next question, please. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Ben Swinburne : Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I want to ask about the upfront and then also about the streaming subs here in the third quarter. David, obviously, there is tremendous demand for linear television as we head into the fall season. Can you talk a little bit about whether Discovery was able to navigate some of the measurement challenges that Nielsen has created in the past around delivery and make us, were you able to do more non-Nielsen deals?  Or do you think that's even cost the company any money in the past and maybe it's something we shouldn't get that focused on with that? I know you've spent a lot of time on it and it seems like the demand side of advertising is strong. I am curious if you could just comment whether you guys feel like that's a headwind or you've sort of navigated around it?  And then on streaming, I don't know this is for Gunnar or for David. The $18 million number, I guess, captures probably the Olympic lift you've got. And it seems like you're talking about most of your international launches coming in Q4. I am just wondering if there is any other headwinds or tailwinds we should be thinking about in the third quarter or if we should think that there probably won't be a lot of growth here in August and September. Just anything you want to add as we think about Q3? Thank you. 
David Zaslav : Thanks, Ben. Look, we have a big data - a big data operation and the good news is, on discovery+ and Go on – and to some extent on linear, we've been working very aggressively to build our own data and we've been working with the advertisers and that has been extremely helpful. In the end, if we could have better data, you would see a dramatic increase in - that's the future better data.  Unfortunately, Nielsen is a whip. And it's just - it's massively disappointing that Nielsen can't get us act together and the answer is we have lost money. Everyone has lost money. It's just you're dealing with a very antiquated delivery system. We've all learned how to get along with it. We do it by all ramping it with our own data.  But, recently they've just been wrong. Look, this one thing if you have in antiquated system and then you augment it. But the antiquated system itself is unreliable. And so as an industry, we got to figure out how to deal with it. We are competing with the likes of Google and Facebook where they have the best data, the cleanest data, the most and you compare that with this antiquated system.  So, we continue to work on our own I don’t have a lot of hope for Nielsen. I think somehow it's an industry. We are just is going to have to work our way out of it from a technology perspective and leave them in the dust, but they just can't – they can't get it together. It’s a shame. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels : And on the on the streaming subs then, so, look, one thing that we all need to keep in mind that we've said many times it's very early still, right? We don't have a full year yet of a normal cadence and that's just important to keep in mind. But what's very clear is that obviously there is a seasonality throughout the year and the summer months as you would expect across video in general are not the strongest.  And if you look at the numbers that we have reported, we've been able to add 1 million subs on average across these months which again, I think I am very pleased with. And to your point about the Olympics, it's important to keep in mind that there is a certain amount of free trial in those. So, our 18 million subs number does not include all of the subs that we are gaining or will gain through the Olympics. 
Ben Swinburne : I got you. Good point. Thank you, both. 
Andrew Slabin : Let’s take our last question, please. 
Operator: And your last question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Alexia Quadrani : Hi. Thank you. I just – just two quick sort of follow-up questions, one on advertising and one on your streaming service. On the advertising side, it's been incredibly strong, which you've highlighted through the second quarter. We’ve seen it industry-wide clearly in your results. I am curious if you are seeing any cracks in the advertising strength in so far in Q3 just given the delta variant and sort of the recent return of spikes in the pandemic?  And then, my follow-up - the question really is just on the Ad Light product that you have that seems so much more profitable in terms of bringing more revenue. Is that where you're seeing the higher percentage of growth in terms of the new sub apps? 
David Zaslav : Thanks so much, Alexia. We're not seeing any slowdown at all at this point, because of COVID, In the aggregate, by the way, as a company, we're now about flat to where we were in 2019, which is a big deal. So when we say we're up this percent or up that percent versus last year, just versus 2019 in terms of level setting, we're about flat, or just about flat to 2019, which is a good starting point for us now to strive and drive to accelerate off of that.  The Ad Light product is extremely strong, but I don't think that we're breaking out how our growth is in the U. S. in terms of Ad Light versus subscription. JB, are we breaking that out at this point? 
JB Perrette : We are not - we're not. But only to say that, at the end of the day, we're seeing actually still continued healthy growth on both sides on both products. So, it's not sort of one dominant and one we're seeing continued your growth of both. 
Alexia Quadrani : Okay. Thank you. 
David Zaslav : The only thing I may add on the advertising side, to say the obvious, the comps are obviously going to get a little tougher as we go into the second half, right? So we continue to see a very, very robust market robust demand. No signs of the COVID break, but obviously, we're now comparing to a slightly higher baseline in 2020.  And we also across the market, obviously had a little bit of a tailwind from political advertising as I pointed out earlier. So those are the two factors to keep in mind. 
Alexia Quadrani : Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining Discovery Incorporated Second Quarter 2021Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Discovery Inc., First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. Also, please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Everyone, thank you for joining us for Discovery's Q1 Earnings Call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, Chief Financial Officer; and JB Perret, President and CEO of Discovery Networks International. You should have received a copy of our earnings release, but if not, prefer to access it on our website at www.corporate.discovery.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we'll open the call to take questions. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that comments today regarding the Company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to review both our Q1 performance and the meaningful progress we are making since our launch of discovery+ across our operating segments, brands and global markets. I couldn't be prouder of how our company has executed, near flawlessly, responding with creativity, precision and focus across the board, while at the same time, accelerating the pace of innovation throughout our organization as we embrace substantial growth opportunities around the globe. We continue to reposition the Company and put it on a path of sustainable growth for the long term. Our ability to generate free cash flow is crucial, allowing us to fully fund our pivot and underscoring the efficiency of our model. Indeed, even during this moment of increased investment, as clearly evidenced in our financials this quarter, our free cash flow machine is working harder than ever, and it is reinforcing an evolving narrative about Discovery's differentiated hand. With the strong global launch of discovery+, we are now scaling a very well received global direct-to-consumer offering that complements our incumbent linear channel presence in every television market around the globe. In Q1, Discovery had the most watched domestic pay-TV portfolio. Internationally, we enjoyed an impressive seventh consecutive quarter of linear share growth, anchored by our 27th straight month of growth in our female genres and best-ever quarterly performances in several markets, including the U.K., France and Germany. This growth was supported by the continued global expansion of our Scripps lifestyle brand and content. We achieved this while simultaneously launching and building discovery+. Our continued strategic focus leverages Discovery's powerful, competitive advantages, well-established consumer connections in every market in the world, vast local language IP ownership, deep and expanding distribution relationships and a super efficient content production model to power both our global direct-to-consumer expansion and our core linear business. To achieve this, we are investing more than ever before in our content across the board to support these platforms. So far, in 2021, it is all coalescing and exceeding all of our early benchmarks across almost every KPI. We are pleased to report that just four months into our U.S. launch of discovery+ and with the vast majority of our international expansion still ahead of us, we have 15 million total paying subs across our global direct-to-consumer base. And we continue to move forward with strong momentum. When I think about our 15 million direct-to-consumer paying subscribers that we have today and the fact that we were able to add 10 million paying subscribers since the end of last year, we're just really impressed with our traction. At the end of Q1, we crossed 13 million paying global subscribers, representing sub-growth that compares quite favorably to our peers over the same period, underscoring the value, appeal and stickiness of our content, all of which supported our conviction about our opportunity ahead. But our sub count tells only part of the story. We are equally encouraged by early metrics and KPIs across engagement, churn and monetization and ARPU, particularly in the U.S., which likely place us at the very top of an impressive list of peer offerings, many of whom have had a far longer runway thus far than we have. Roll to pay has been between 80% and 85% of three trial subs. Engagement is approximately three hours per day per viewing subscriber and well ahead of linear. The retention is strong giving us confidence that while early monthly churn is trending towards low single digits. Consumers clearly love the discovery+ product. We see that on social in the App store product ratings and the feedback from partners, clients and talent in the marketplace. Our App Store ratings ranked as among the sector's top. Our Apple App store rating is 4.9 and based on a very large number of reviews. Our strong early KPIs are driving exceptional monetization. Our $4.99 AdLite product with only four minutes of commercial time generated over $10 of ARPU in the quarter, already well ahead of our longer term goal, and it's still trending up. Our overall blended U.S. ARPU of around $7 is already in line with what we generate in linear, and we see healthy momentum for that figure to grow during the course of this year. And on a global blended basis, we are seeing ARPU of over $5. Gunnar will provide some additional detail on metrics and KPIs. But in short, we are working towards a subsidive customer lifetime value, particularly as contrasted against the cost to gain a subscriber, encouraging us to lean in from an investment standpoint when it comes to marketing, content and technological capability in order to maximize this meaningful growth opportunity. We have an extremely focused approach on all the ways we can be available to the broader swath of users while driving a rich and dynamic user experience. A cornerstone of this will be expanding our partnerships with many of the world's leading distributors and platforms. We recently launched on Comcast Xfinity Flex and soon on X1 and are deepening our relationship with Amazon around the globe with availability on prime video channels in the United States and a global rollout plan for other PVC markets. Now let's look at Italy. It's a great example of a market where we see encouraging early signs of the long-term growth potential against which we are executing our strategy, bringing together our market expertise, strong local talent, sticky original content, management resources and relationships, production and technology infrastructure and popular brand and channel presence. Like a number of other markets in Europe, Italy is relatively underpenetrated with respect to pay-TV at roughly 20% with really one main distributor. It has significant mobile penetration and usage and where Discovery enjoys a healthy pay and free-to-air presence with depth in local in language content. And though we have grown our audience share, the existing pay-TV market structure limits the upside from this segment of the ecosystem. The launch of discovery+ has catalyzed a new growth trajectory. Our addressable market has grown more than 10x from pay-TV to now include mobile and broadband. discovery+ enables an entry cost for premium video that's 75% plus more affordable than traditional bundles. And discovery+ ARPU are already more than 3x greater than our wholesale portfolio. This is a powerful combination of potential universe and price growth. What we are seeing in Italy guides our thinking on the prospects of what our other international markets would look like. There are significant markets such as Brazil, Germany and Australia with similar characteristics and where our ability to offer a direct-to-consumer offering, packaged with mobile or multi-platform operators should ultimately result in new customers, higher ARPUs and a deeper direct connection with ARPU. Of equal importance is the balance we have been able to strike across all linear and direct consumer businesses, reflecting on our Q1 performance, which, by many measures, is still facing COVID-related headwinds. I'm proud of our team's ability to manage through difficult operating circumstances. And you will see that in our Q2 outlook. Gunnar will take you through the details, but I'm pleased to note that in every international region, we're seeing positive advertising growth versus 2020 with record shares in Q1 from major markets like U.K., France and Germany. We are seeing the great resilience in our advertising business, not just internationally, but also domestically. This, taken together with very strong scatter pricing in the U.S. and public spending across the globe, give us confidence in our advertising outlook for the balance of the year, especially with the growing discovery+ opportunity. We couldn't be more excited to present to our advertisers at this year's upfront on May 18 at a time when our brands and programming have never been stronger or more relevant. At the same time, growth in both domestic and international distribution revenues will be boosted by discovery+. Net-net, we see a healthy inflection in our revenue trajectory behind the global backdrop of improving underlying advertiser demand and continued share gains, particularly in our international markets. Taking a step back and assessing where we are as a company. I'm extraordinarily optimistic. We've gotten off to a great start with discovery+, exceeding our expectations, and are effectively managing through a dynamic, fluid and exciting a time as I have ever seen in my many years in the media business. We are encouraged by the engagement and reception to discovery+ from our consumers, advertisers and distribution partners around the globe, underscoring the strength of our differentiated end. This is an early tailwind that gives us great confidence as we lean even harder into our pivot. Yet as important as discovery+'s success is to the future prospects of the Company. Of equivalent importance is our core linear business, the foundation of the Company and backbone of our strong free cash flow. As we drive long-term sustainable growth, it is imperative that we nurture both sides of the Company as interconnected and supportive to one another. Thank you and I'd like to turn the call over to Gunnar. After which, JB, Gunnar, and I will take your questions. Thanks so much.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. My aim this morning is to provide a slightly more detailed peak into the operating model as well as our near-term outlook than what we would more normally do, in large part given the recent volatility. To the extent that this has created additional questions and/or concerns, my goal would be to help alleviate it as possible this morning. 2021 is off to a great start. As David just mentioned and which I'll provide a little more context around KPIs, particularly in the U.S., where we launched at the beginning of this year, across engagement, monetization and churn and implied customer lifetime value continue to reinforce our belief that prioritizing investment in discovery+ will generate superior returns on capital. As noted, engagement is truly stellar with viewing subs watching roughly three hours of content per day, well ahead of linear and nationally, an underlying contributor to both retention and monetization. And retention is indeed looking very encouraging with churn coming in quite a bit lower than we had initially anticipated. While it is still too early to evaluate a stable monthly churn rate, the retention curve of our first subscriber cohorts are looking very encouraged. Based on these early observations, we expect trend towards low single digits over the course of the next 12 months. Turning to monetization, which is also well ahead of plan. Then the ARPU for discovery+ in the U.S. is already in line with our $7 linear channel going by the strong monetization of the AdLite product where ARPU has already exceeded $10 in the first quarter. Clearly, strong engagement in watch time despite offering only a 4 million [indiscernible] amending themselves to healthy advertiser demand and return exceptional CPEs. Still early days, though we see a notable path for further monetization as we continue to scale and drive additional engagement, attract additional advertisers and brands and roll out new advertising products. Global ARPU is over $5 away with international ARPU as expected below that of the U.S. This is in part due to the market price points and in part because we are launching the greater share of our subscribers coming through promotional partnerships, which drive faster adoption and marketing efficiency, but also come at an initially lower ARPU. That being said, we are in virtually all cases to see ARPUs that are multiples that both the existing wholesale linear pay-TV at which we currently monetize it. This, of course, is a core tenet of our international discovery+ strategy and a great objective testament to the quality and value of our content in the marketplace not limited by the boundaries of traditional pay-TV ecosystem. Taking these metrics together, we are modeling a much more substantive estimate of customer lifetime value while subscriber acquisition cost is currently running at a very healthy cushion to that. Based on these trends, we are increasingly more confident with our outer year projections and our target margin profile of 20% at scale. While it's still too early to formally update this number, we believe there is meaningful upside to the target based on all these initial indicators trending above our business case assumptions. During the first quarter, next-generation revenues increased 52% year-over-year. And we look to build upon this momentum in Q2 with next-generation revenues set to more than double yearly, driven by both volume of subs and modernization. We did invest heavily in marketing spend in the first quarter to support the U.S. launch of discovery+ and rebranding and play in key international markets, a sizable portion of which was dedicated to upper funnel brand marketing to build awareness as well as bottom-up funnel performance marketing. This accounted for the vast majority of the year-over-year increase in OpEx alongside content and investment. In the aggregate, next-gen OIBDA losses were roughly $400 million in the first quarter. We expect a modest sequential improvement in next-gen losses in Q2 as continued substantial marketing efforts to roll out additional territory and requisite content and tech spend will begin to be offset by more material revenue contributions. Also, we expect to better optimize a refined marketing spend as we gain additional insights. Quarter-to-quarter losses and quite possibly what ultimately falls into 2021 versus 2022 is still subject to a number of moving pieces. And we will obviously provide as much transparency as possible ahead of such movements, particularly as impacted by rollout plans around the Olympic games, planned technology spend and platform integrations and determined by specific partners. That said, we continue to remain confident that 2021 will represent the peak year for loss from our investment initiatives. Of course, we are as mindful as ever about the magnitude of these expenses and their impact on our financials, yet we are reassured by the compelling return metrics against this Now turning to the segments. In the U.S., advertising finished down 4% during the first quarter, in large part due to universe estimates and sub level declines, which ultimately translated into lower impressions across the industry and our networks. That said, we continue to outperform our pay-TV network peers on share during the quarter. Moreover, pricing remained robust, scatter CPMs developing strongly during Q1 and expected to be up around 30% year-over-year with roughly 50% premium versus upfront in Q2. In fact, total dollar volume for Q2 scatter will be up considerably versus last year as we see categories such as auto and travel coming back as well as from the input of B2C companies, including many new TV advertisers. discovery+ has started to advertising revenue in Q1 as subscribers grew throughout the quarter, and we expect an increasing tailwind from this component through Q2. As such, we expect U.S. advertising revenue to grow in the low double-digit range, helped in part by COVID comps, strong pricing and advertiser demand across the businesses. U.S. distribution revenues were up 12% during the quarter, at the high end of our expectations. Mid-single-digit linear distribution revenue growth continued to be supported by contractual filling fee increases, partially offset by pay-TV subscriber decline. Subscribers to our fully distributed linear networks declined by 2%, while our total pay-TV subscribers declined by 4%, likely top of peer performance, helped by additional network carriage resin affiliate renewals and continuing share gains at virtual MVPD where we remain very well canvassed across all key platforms. In addition to our healthy traditional affiliates business, the launch of discovery+ and the subsequent ramp-up of subscribers accounted for much of the sequential acceleration in distribution revenue growth. During Q2, we expect reported distribution revenue growth will accelerate further even against a much tougher comparison given the significant onetime benefit recognized last year, implying a significant acceleration on an underlying basis, supported by similar drivers as in Q1. Turning to international networks, which I will discuss, as always, on a constant currency basis. Advertising were 8% during the first quarter as all international regions, EMEA, LATAM and APAC returned to growth, the first since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. Latin America developed positively driven by Brazil and Mexico. And despite intermittent lockdown in certain EMEA markets, we saw mid-single-digit growth across the region due to continuing share gains in key markets like the U.K., Spain and France. Finally, APAC was also up significantly during the quarter. In Q2, as we comped the substantial declines faced by the advertiser industry last year during the initial stages of the COVID pandemic, we expect international advertising revenue growth to exceed 50%. International distribution revenue was down 2% in Q1 due to lower linear pricing in certain European markets, partially offset by our growing discovery+ subscriber base. We expect international distribution revenue to accelerate to mid-single-digit growth during the second quarter, driven by the same factors. As we called out in prior quarters, as we repositioned a number of key international distribution partnerships towards a hybrid-type structure, we've opted to trade nearer-term upside on the linear portfolio for greater in terms of support for our DC efforts. Segment performance has already reflected some of the impact of this over the last two quarters. Turning to the expense side. Total operating expenses for the consolidated company were up 21% during the quarter. Cost of revenues were up 2%, largely due to the continued rent and content investment to support our next-generation initiatives and the timing of sports content in Europe, partially offset by more efficient content spending. SG&A increased 48% to reflect marketing and branding as well as personnel and technology spend to support our next-generation initiatives. As we guided previously, we continue to target low- to mid-single-digit percentage reduction in our core linear business offerings. Turning to free cash flow. We produced Q1 free cash flow of $179 million with an AOIBDA to free cash flow conversion rate similar to the prior year quarter. We remain confident and reassured in our ability to financially support all of our strategic endeavors as we continue to convert AOIBDA at a highly efficient rate despite the initially significant ramp in our investments. We did not buy back any shares during the quarter. As I noted earlier, we continue to review investments in discovery+ as the best fundamental use of our free cash flow in order to drive sustainable growth in shareholder value. Further, for the next few quarters, we also want to maintain an appropriate amount of financial cushion in the cadence of our global discovery+ rollout remains fluid, both in terms of where and when we launch and the level of investment required to penetrate specific markets. And while we are investing against a rigorous financial framework, bear in mind, that we're gearing up for two sets of Olympic games this summer and in Q1 next year, both of which will be 10 pole events for the marketing of our D2C and linear brand. We will, of course, continue to update you on our views on capital allocation as we [indiscernible] quarter at approximately 3.5x net leverage, and needless to say, remain fully committed to our investment-grade rating. Turning to a couple of housekeeping items. Number one, as you may have noticed, we are no longer disclosing adjusted EPS as AOIBDA to free cash flow continue to be the key financial metrics in evaluating our operating performance. I will, however, provide you with the PPA impact each quarter as well as point out key note items to help calculate an adjusted EPS number to the extent helpful. For the first quarter, PPA was $0.32 per share. Number 2, we expect FX to have roughly a positive $40 million year-over-year impact on revenues and around a negative $25 million year-over-year impact in AOIBDA in 2021, reflecting the strengthening of the dollar and sterling since the start of the year. We are operating on strong footing, evidenced by a rapidly growing direct-to-consumer business and the resilient core linear business. And our ability to convert AOIBDA to free cash flow where I continue to see at least 50% this year has never been more valuable given reinvestment demands. We have a self-funded business aimed at supporting an immense global direct-to-consumer opportunities. We couldn't be more excited as a management team to focus on continuing to deliver solid operating performance while we build the framework to support long-term sustainable growth and shareholder value. I'd like to turn it over to the operator to start taking questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Robert Fishman with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Robert Fishman: Full year core, U.S. affiliate fee growth after excluding next-gen revenues for the full year? And then more broadly, have you seen any pushback from launching discovery+ in domestic affiliate fee negotiations? And maybe if you can talk to whether the launch of discovery+ on Xfinity should be viewed as incremental or cannibalistic to your overall partnership with Comcast? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Okay. So let me take -- let me start with that last question. The -- we're super excited about the upcoming launches here. As you have seen in our numbers, if you do the math, we've been adding about 1.5 million subscribers on a monthly basis over the past two months here. And I do want to point out that these numbers are going to be moving around a little, but the Comcast launch is going to be one very positive event. And to answer your question, I do think there is a significant incremental impact. That's what we've seen with other deals coming online after launch. So that should be a positive. And we also look at other events happening internationally over the next couple of months that could further support the subscriber growth here, most importantly, obviously, the Olympics coming in internationally. And so that's for the subscriber trend here. To your other question on the U.S. affiliate side, again, as I just laid out, we're super happy with what we're seeing for distribution across the entire ecosystem here, clearly seeing very healthy and accelerating the contributions from discovery+ and our D2C efforts overall. But we're also looking at a very healthy underlying trend in the core business. You saw the linear subscriber numbers, which have again been a little better than maybe over the average of the past 18 months or so, with only 2% down for our core networks. And as I said, we've continued to enjoy roughly mid-single-digit growth here in the linear part of the ecosystem. Yes. The -- your question about renewals and impact of discovery+, look, as I said, we are continuing to get fee increases. That's one of the reasons we have been able to continue the growth that we have delivered in the fourth quarter, now in the first quarter. And we have been seeing very positive discussions for the past renewals and for upcoming renewals as well. As you have heard, clearly, discovery+ is an argument in those discussions, but it's one of many. And to me, it comes back to just the rational look at what the economics are. And we are delivering close to 20% of viewership for our affiliates. We're a great partner. We're leaning in with investments. This company is investing as much in content as never before this year. And we're doing that, and we're making that available to our affiliates at a very, very competitive rate. And so again, I don't want to make any predictions here on individual renewals, but those are constructive discussions, and we feel that we're in a very good position.
JB Perrette: The only thing I would add to that is outside the U.S., we've been doing real partnership arrangements, whether it'd be Vodafone or Sky, where it's seen as a real positive. And the fact that Comcast is a great operator, he's launched us on Flex. We're now going to be launching on X1. So we really -- effectively, we have two sides of a terrific partnership. They're getting value in -- and we're talking to a number of other distributors that we'll be following on. But it's not cannibalistic at all with Comcast. They're able to create value for us and for them by -- and I think they have some real entitlement. They're a broadband leader. And these channel stores have really developed. And Comcast is looking. And between Flex and X1, it could be a real generator of value for both of us. And as Gunnar said, the share of our traditional channels are going up. They're selling those channels. The cost of those channels are very low, and we're probably the best actor in that space and that we're providing the core value of the bundle. And we have renewed some deals since we launched discovery+, and we've done very well.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And I just realized, forgot to answer part of the question. We're not giving a full year flat growth outlook here for all the known reasons. But what I did say a little earlier is the -- some color on the second quarter, and let me maybe elaborate on that. So again, we delivered 12% in Q1, and I expect an acceleration off of this number. I'm not getting more specific here because, to some extent, it is going to depend on the cadence of subscriber additions on the D2C side because, as I said, that's flowing through now very significantly on the revenue side. But if you keep in mind, last year in Q2, we had a very sizable one-off item. So that's going to work against us here. And when I say acceleration from the 12%, I mean, despite that one-off. So on an underlying basis, we'll see this may be -- this may be an underlying high single-digit growth quarter, which is going to come through as -- sorry, high teens, high-teens growth quarter, which is going to come through as an acceleration against the 12%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Crédit Suisse. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: Kind of hard to fill in questions here. I think, David, first for you, how are you balancing content on Go versus discovery+, how are you -- and versus the linear networks? And any change in content strategy from what you've seen so far in terms of what people are consuming on discovery+? I think that's sort of number one. I think number two, upfront looks like up 15% to 20% for CPMs year-over-year. It's early. We've got a ways to go, but the setup looks very, very strong, any thoughts for Discovery and comments on that? And if I could tag on a quick one, ad load at four minutes. When does that start increasing? Or do you just leave it at four minutes because it's good or not?
David Zaslav: Thanks, Doug. On the upfront, look, I don't know that I've seen 50% increases in CPMs of a prior year upfront before. The CPMs are very high. But what we really have an advantage of is that the broadcasters have been getting $60 plus, and we've been getting less than half that. And now all of a sudden, instead of companies, we're booking -- we're really making progress in booking significant dollars in the 40s, high 40s, even $50. And part of that has to do with the fact that our share is going up. We have some hit shows whether it'd be mail on Discovery or whether it be shows like, like 90 Day Fiance, which is number one show on television. And we've started to get paid a lot more money for that. And so I think you will see our CPMs, I think, meaningfully better because we have a lot of headroom still to drive our CPM versus competitors that have been at a very high level. So I think we hit this upfront at a very good moment. In addition, we have now some scale inventory on discovery+, which is selling very well. And in the -- in that environment, then on Go, we don't have the disadvantage of it's -- a viewer is a viewer. So we don't have that inherent disadvantage versus the broadcasters. So we're getting paid on every sub. And we also have a very good demographic, which is generating dramatically higher CPMs than we're seeing in traditional. So overall, I think the advertising market, very, very strong, upfront coming up, feeling good about it. In terms of balancing, the idea that we have viewing subs on discovery+ spending over three hours. And that we have the highest ratings and that our churn is extremely low is telling us a lot about the quality of this product. But what's really interesting is that the top shows, our top original shows and top shows from our channels are only generating about 10% of the viewership. We have a very long tail library about the size of Netflix, and people are spending a lot of time with it. And a lot of times -- so we don't have like the one -- we don't have the one-hit show or the one-hit movie. But I think as a result of that, we're seeing much lower churn than our peers. And usage, that is a lot more. And that's generating real economics for us on the advertising side, which has surprised us, the kind of economics that we're getting. We will continue to experiment with how we move IP around. We have a lot of originals now on discovery+, and we have more coming. And we'll be doing that globally in addition to the local content that we have outside the U.S. JB, maybe you could speak to the balance as we look outside the U.S. for discovery+.
JB Perrette: I mean, look, we are continuing to, obviously, with all our great local content that we said it from the beginning, our power outside the U.S. is this combination of great local IP with with the universal stories that come from the U.S. pipeline. And so we're continuing to lean into that. We are seeing, obviously, a lot of that great content. People -- and the success we've had to date in the markets, knowing that, obviously, since we launched and started talking about discovery+'s success over the last few months, we've launched in no really new additional markets in the markets we already had. So all that is still to come and in the markets we already have with the growth we've seen, it's all been an exploitation of the content we are investing in, winnowing, in some cases, earlier on discovery+ and then getting a sort of second fund later on either a free-to-air or pay nets, and in some cases, obviously, some content exclusively on discovery+. And that combination of content mix is working extremely well for us. And it's one that we're continuing to look at the data and the response of the consumer and continue to modify and adjust as necessary. The only other thing I'd say, Dave, to the question also about the four minutes of advertising. We obviously market the service as 5. And so we came out with a lower ad load than even what we marketed. We're going to continue to stay at that level for now. But that actually, over time, when we think it's appropriate, which we don't have any plans to do that for the minute, but down the road, we obviously have some flexibility to move above the four minutes if we need.
David Zaslav: And then, Doug, maybe if I can just add to that, it's an upside. But right now, I mean, the trends are so overwhelmingly positive. I mean we have so much opportunity without to fiddle with the consumer experience here, right? As we said, we're already tracking north of $10 ARPU for that headline product. And as you would imagine, there's been a positive trend over the course of the quarter as we have sort of fired up the subscriber base and attracted more advertisers into the product. So there's an underlying positive dynamic. But if you just take a step back here, why are we saw excited about this? Number one, we've ceased to just sell a commercial demo. It's a big difference between the linear TV and our digital platform here. We're selling every single eyeball on discovery+ and TV Everywhere for that matter. Number two is we've got a really level playing field here. That big gap between and cable CPMs that we've been discussing for seen for decades here just doesn't exist. It's premium online video, and we're getting full value for our product. Not only that, we have a highly engaged audience. You heard some of the stats that we mentioned that are probably top of the industry, very family-friendly content environment. Couple that with the fact that premium online video inventory is scarce in the first place because a lot of the viewership is happening on ad-free platforms, that drives super high demand and a hot market environment right now. The other thing that I want to make -- the other point I want to make here in terms of upside is we're still in the early innings from the perspective of our product offerings towards advertisers, right? We have just launched our Binge advertising product pause ads. We're working on more. And it's in a way, it's part of the prioritization exercise here to get all those features online, but there are a couple of great other ideas. So I do think that we will, without even playing with a number of minutes here, we will have a pretty positive run rate here for ARPU over the next couple of months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kutgun Maral with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kutgun Maral: Two, if I could, first, on the international pay-TV ecosystem. One of your peers recently announced plans to shutter a number of its networks across parts of Asia to focus even more on, on your end, can you refresh us on what linear TV -- pay-TV subscriber trends you're seeing across your larger international markets? And ultimately, your comfort level in the sustainability of those trends compared to perhaps maybe more drastically pivoting towards streaming? And then I have a follow-up.
JB Perrette: On the international question, in terms of pay-TV universe, we're continuing to see a kind of stable to up slightly universe across the world. We have seen -- which we've been seeing actually for years. It's not necessarily a new trend. Unlike the U.S., we have seen more of a churn down from some of the higher-end tiers, but less -- more of a cord shaving in a few markets less than -- much less of a cord cutting. And so universal-wise, we feel like it's -- to continue to be fairly stable. There are -- I mean again, it's hard to talk about the international markets in broad strokes. But there are select markets which are seeing obviously more challenges, Brazil has been one where we've seen more of subscriber decline as the middle class there has been hit harder over the last few years. But overall, the universe remains fairly stable. And the outlook for it, for us, continues to be that it will remain pretty stable with again, some pockets of different markets moving in different directions. But net-net, reasonable stability with some continued churn down from the higher, more broadly packaged tiers down to a slightly lower price tiers in some markets. And I think as it relates to the news about the shuttering of the Asian channels, look, I think we've obviously leaned in, not to say we have shut full portfolios of channels. But as we've talked to you before, selectively in markets where we think the long-term opportunity of what is possible with discovery+ and the ARPUs that Gunnar and David talked to where there's an advantage there we've leaned into that in select markets like we've talked to you about in Denmark and other places. And we'll continue to look at that. As discovery+ rolls out in more markets internationally, obviously, that opportunity will become more real, and it's something we'll evaluate on a case-by-case and a market-by-market basis.
David Zaslav: But for us, the market feels, right now, very strong for us. We're growing both our ad revenue and affiliate revenue. Our ad revenue is growing dramatically, but it also gives us a relationship with every distributor. And what we're able to do is provide a value to the distributor in the bundle where, in many cases, pay-TV is only 20%, 30% penetrated. And then they're super with us on discovery+ and saying, let's reach the rest of the universe. So the markets tend to look very different. And so the idea of supporting us with discovery+ and on our traditional platform is something that just has a lot of symmetry outside the U.S., plus we have the ability to promote on our platforms. So -- and we have a massive library. So for us right now, having this -- generating a lot of free cash flow and growth in our traditional, maintaining and strengthening our existing relationships and they need -- they don't want the channel stores to take all the business. So they're coming to us and saying, discovery+ is terrific. That's good for us. It's good for you. How do we help, and that's, whether it's the mobile players or the broadband players. So for us, we think we can play. It's an advantage for us. We have 10 to 12 channels in each country, so the scale is bigger.
Kutgun Maral: That's great. And if I could, for Gunnar maybe. I want to just maybe take a step back from the quarter and ask about the AOIBDA outlook over the next few years. Obviously, 2020 took a hit with COVID. And this year, we're seeing peak DTC investments as well as Olympics weighing on profitability. Looking ahead, though, the DTC losses ease, Olympics losses get better in 2022 and then in 2023. And of course, hopefully, through all this, we'll hopefully see a recovery in linear ad trends in revenue as well. And of course, not expecting specific guidance, but can you just help us think through any high-level puts and takes as we think about what seems like a very favorable setup?
JB Perrette: Well, I think you've just done that. I think those are the right building blocks. And look, I mean, just giving me a little more color. As I said before, we have stayed away from giving you very specific guidance to breakeven, et cetera. I continue to be super, super happy with the metrics that we're seeing for d+. And as I said a minute ago, in December, we put out there this 20% margin bogey for sort of the d+ business at scale. That's looking incredibly conservative based on what we're seeing right now. I mean let me just sort of take a step back here. We got to pay numbers which are top of the industry. Churn rate, and again, I want to be careful here because it's so early days, but the cohort numbers are looking extremely compelling. And we're doing better on ARPU than we originally modeled. Take those three together that just leads to a customer lifetime value estimate right now. And I want to be specific, it's still an estimate, but it's significantly better than what we had in mind when we gave that number in December. At the same time, we're acquiring these subs at pretty efficient subscriber acquisition costs. In fact, a lot of the loss that we're looking at here for start-up investments in the quarter is essentially -- the vast majority of this is just marketing driven. And you would assume some efficiency as the product becomes -- grows in awareness as we start getting more word of mouth, et cetera, and as we're benefiting from the high retention that we're seeing in our subscriber base. So taking all that together, again, it's just too early just to start talking about sort of an updated margin profile for three, four, five years out, but we feel very, very good about it. And to point it out, breakeven. Again, as we said before, it's not a metric we manage towards. As long as I can acquire subscribers here with phenomenal lifetime values at a fraction of that effect of cost of that lifetime value, we'll do it. And we also stand by what we said earlier. I don't think anyone is going to have the margins that we will have in this business. And I think we're going to get there much -- get to breakeven or scaled margins much earlier than anyone else just because our fundamental underlying economics are not changing. We're getting the same value from the consumer, and we're getting the same leverage out of our content. We continue to be in super efficient verticals that we're super strong in and that we have 30 years of experience. And we continue to exploit our content across platforms and across the entire globe. And it's amazing to see how this model, again, it's early days, but how it's working. We're getting phenomenal cross-pollination between our TV Everywhere environment and discovery+. It's great. And we'll just have to -- that's why I decided to give a couple more KPIs so you can all sort of make up your minds and think about it. How does it compare to what you're hearing from others? What does the model look like? And we'll just keep giving you some transparency here and take it from there rather than giving you a long-term, five-year outlook or something.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Can you just please elaborate a little bit more on the demo of the typical consumer and your discovery+? It sounds like you're skewing favorably to where the demo the advertisers are particularly excited about reaching. And I'm wondering if given your outside success in the AdLite option, if you're skewing your promotional activity more toward that option versus the ad-free? And then my second question is just really on the moderation of linear sub decline that we've seen, you've got such great insight into the industry. And I'm curious, I know you don't have a crystal ball, but I'm curious if you think what's really been driving it and how sustainable it is.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Alexia. It's a lot younger, more than -- about 15 years younger. And it's also about half, about half of people that have cable and about half of people that don't have cable, and the advertisers are -- and also with the length of view is so high and the engagement is so high, we've been doing extremely well. To your point, we look at AdLite as kind of a breakout hit. Here we are trending right now well over $10. And as we get bigger, it's continuing to grow. And we have this strong demo. So we look at AdLite as something that as we look at ad-free versus AdLite, we've been talking to those customers at four minutes an hour. They seem very happy. They -- ad-free very happy, but we don't really see a difference and the ability to generate significant incremental economics off of the AdLite. So you'll see us pushing on AdLite. And when -- in the ad free, which was very inexpensive as we were going to be rolling it out outside the U.S. The ability to do an AdLite outside the U.S., JB and I, after seeing this data, immediately, two months ago, were wow. And so we've been pivoting because there could be upwards of 50% incremental revenue. And as we get to scale more than that by doing the AdLite and you have a very good customer experience, so which was a surprise to us. We really thought people are used to commercials, they're not going to want any. But it's one of the reasons we're not going to 5. They're so happy with the 4. And we're getting such a premium for it. And it's working so well. We're just going to ride it.
JB Perrette: And Alexia, maybe on your other question, the moderation of sub losses and linear, I wouldn't want to comment on the overall industry trend. Just keep in mind, our better number here is very much a Discovery-specific result. It's just we're getting additional carriage in some of the renewals of last year, and that's helped us. And we obviously continue to be among the best distributors across the virtual MVPD space. So that's been -- those two have been the helpers.
David Zaslav: And for most of our core services, for all of our core services, we have very protected carriage as well. So the ability to, one, I don't think they would want to do anything to us, but we have very protected carriage in terms of being on the tiers and not being able to be move around at all. So you should continue to see us by the very nature of our agreements be at the very top. And the fact that they could add our channels to tiers to drive viewership, which we've seen in some of our newer deals, that we might -- will probably do better.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Greenfield with Lightshed Partners. Your line is open.
Rich Greenfield: David, I think that partner plus users are spending three hours per day. That would be -- yes, can you hear me?
David Zaslav: Yes, now we can. Yes.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Sorry. I don't know what happened.
Rich Greenfield: So David, I think you said before a couple of times that time spent per discovery+ users, like three hours plus per day, that would be like 50% higher than Netflix and I think maybe 15x higher than Peacock daily usage. Just want to make sure, is that across I mean -- is that looking at 15 million subscribers and saying they're averaging three hours per day? Or is that some subset of the 15 million? And then I have a follow-up on ad sales. I think when you were talking about, at least in the release, you were talking about how sort of the reach of the pay-TV universe had an impact on ad sales. Could you just maybe explain what's happening in terms of -- is the shrinking pay-TV universe pushing more toward things like discovery+ and digital? What exactly was the reason in that comment? And how do you think that comment plays out over the coming 12 to 24 months?
JB Perrette: Okay. Thank you, Rich. Let me clarify that. The three hours per day are per viewing sub, so not per average sub. And you can assume that we have about close to 50% active subscriber base on a daily basis. So that's how you need to interpret that number. Again, I think you're right, though, it's a great statistic across the ecosystem, and we're super excited about it. The point about the universe shrinking, it's just -- I mean, as I laid out, we gained share and, by the way, both domestically and internationally across the first quarter. And the viewing trends, though, for the entire pay-TV ecosystem in the first quarter just have been tough, I mean we've seen universe estimate declines and people using television.
David Zaslav: The thing is that we were up significantly during the pandemic. And we were able to produce content. And we were really able to grow share pretty significantly everywhere in the world. Some of our channels like TLC and discovery+ and HGTV, they don't have the same cycle that scripted does. But we weren't able to produce a lot of content for those. We're now back to about 90% or 95%. And you'll be seeing more of our fresh content coming in. So one, I think, on a CAGR basis, we look different than everybody because we were up meaningfully during this period. But two, we're going to have more content because it took us a little while with some of the Fixer Uppers that we could -- that we were -- we had some of the impact of the pandemic. But we're no 90-plus back, and you'll see more fresh content. And I think we'll continue to gain share and outperform.
Rich Greenfield: And David, just because as a kind of a big-picture question for you, as you think about where to put content, you're producing lots of it, and you said you're now back to like full capacity. How do you and the team decide, what goes digital first to discovery+ versus what goes to the linear networks? And how are you making those decisions? And is it changing already?
David Zaslav: Look, we're learning a lot. We had a ton of originals. And we could see what's working, what kind of content people are watching. We have -- it's pretty fluid. We have higher production values. We've spent a little bit more star power on discovery+. We're trying to figure out what is the plus. Fixer upper, we didn't -- and Chip and Joe, we haven't put anywhere except for discovery+. That was a big helper to us. The BBC content will only be on discovery+, which we're experimenting with. We put a 90-day series on that only went on discovery+, and it drove a lot of subscribers and a lot of viewership. And then those viewers are watching our whole 90-day library with over 150 hours of original on there. So we're trying to -- and then at some point, that we put that back on some of that content back, that's what we're trying to figure out right now. But we've been able to feed the growth. As Gunnar said, we're seeing some steady and strong growth on discovery+. And we're really focused on growing internationally where JV is taking it out. And internationally, it's a little bit of a different story because we're local in sport. But JB, why don't you talk a little bit about the international piece of that balance?
JB Perrette: Yes. I think, Rich, the other thing that's unique, and as David and Gunnar talked about before, is the cost efficiency of our model for most of our production makes it such that we don't have as much as the either/or. You got a window here or you go only window here. And so the exclusivity that you exist in scripted, which, for the price tag, you can only do one or the other. I think we have a very balanced and smart approach, which is we are -- for franchises and talent that are known to our linear brands, we continue to make sure that we're nurturing those audiences. And selectively, and particularly, as David said, we're experimenting in different ways to try and see what the data tells us. We're experimenting with some early windows or pulling -- having a talent that's been doing stuff on linear do some additional stuff for us on D2C. But it's -- we can do a little bit of both. It's continue to produce great originals and stories for our traditional [indiscernible] and give people an ability to want to access that and embark subscribing to it in the bigger bundles, access to it on d+, either concurrently or even a bit later in some cases. And at the same time, invest in some originals for discovery+ that are unique, new IP, new faces, new talent, new stories, edgier stories, in some cases, what we could do on linear traditionally and without breaking the bank on content budgets. And so it's a really -- it's another strength of our unique content model that doesn't make it such an either/or, and we're continuing to experiment with some of the windows and see what the data tells us.
David Zaslav: The only point I would add is the reason I talked about in my comments about Italy is 80% of that country all of our content is new to them. So as you look across Europe and Latin America, even though we have a very successful pay business, that we have a huge library having been in these markets locally for 15, 20 years, that we could now go to an offering at a very low price and be available to 80% of the country that didn't have access to us before. So here, how do we window it and how do we move it back and forth is a very different question when you're going into a country that's 20% or 30% penetration. And it's now new to the overwhelming majority of the population. They've heard of it. They've heard of it. They have good feeling about it. But maybe they couldn't afford to buy it or they want it on a different device, but it's a different calculation.
JB Perrette: But David, it's also it's most extreme in some of those international territories. But to some extent, we see the same here domestically. As we laid out, we're up for the first time, we're now targeting 30 million homes that don't have a cable subscription. We're getting a significant number of additional viewers in here that are generating revenue at the same or a better ARPU. And that allows us to invest behind us. And that investment over a couple of months or next year maybe is going to raise all boats because we're just creating more of what we're best at, which is our, our global unencumbered, 100%-owned and high-quality IP.
Operator: And your next question comes from Brandon Nispel with Keybank. Your line is open.
Brandon Nispel: Gunnar, I was hoping you could talk more about the retention currents that you're seeing thus far for the cohort of customers. Are you seeing retention after the first month of greater -- less than 90%? Maybe just some more color there would be helpful.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. Look, as I said before, we are very, very encouraged by those retention curves. We are seeing more than 90% of retention. We're starting one step earlier, very, very strong role to pay of north of 80% after the seveb-day free trial, talking U.S. here. And then greater than 90% retention in the first month and then a very, very significant drop-off in sort of cohort churn, so again, it's way too early to talk about sort of a stable long-term churn rate here, but the numbers are off the charts compared with what we expected. And also, frankly, based on the intel that we have been able to pull together here, I think they're also stacking up very, very nicely against competitive offerings. Again, it's early days. I always want to disclaim that, but we could not be happier. And I think it makes sense. If you look at the length of tune that we've always been seeing with our viewership in linear as well, we're essentially seeing the same behaviors here in the DC world.
Brandon Nispel: Then on long-term churn expectations, where do you think you fall? You said low single digit. But is that 2% to 3%? Or is that more of a 4% number?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, look, let's -- as I said, it would be speculation right now. I think we're going to do very, very well compared with even the leading players in the industry.
David Zaslav: It's tough for us to take one month or two months but three months and say this is where it's going to be forever. The numbers are very good, and we are in the low single. And we'll see over the next -- even if we think it's trending down, if we think that, that may change over the next couple of months, for the good of the bed. But right now, the -- by every measure, the churn is significantly lower than we expected. And it's one of the reasons why we're leaning into it, not just the length of view, but the very low churn and how happy people seem to be with the product.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And I mean again, what we're looking at right now is really that estimating customer lifetime value, up very, very significantly compared with what we put in our initial business case. That was the foundation of what presented in December and how that relates to subscriber acquisition costs. And clearly, if we're looking at our numbers here, I have to wring out a lot of marketing spend in the first quarter. And I was very, very happy to do it because we're just looking at even the revenue contributions over the balance of the year. It's just an amazing return on investment by any measure.
Operator: Our last question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Gunnar, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how you guys think about the D2C business in the context of the overall business, in other words, do you think about this as a single P&L? Because it's very tempting on our side to here sort of the $1 billion drag on EBITDA. And the path to breakeven is suggesting some pretty substantial EBITDA growth for the Company over the next several years. And I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about how you think about managing the business, particularly on the content and marketing front, so our expectations are sort of in the right place, if that makes sense?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: I mean the question is spot on, Ben, because I mean we are -- frankly, the matter is we're looking at 2, at least, revenue streams here now that have fundamentally different financial profile. So the idea would be indeed tempting to say, okay, we have a digital business and a linear business. This is not the reality right now and maybe less so for us than for others just because we have that amazing IP exploitation model. One of the big advantages that we have is our ability to take so many bites at the apple across the global footprint and across platform. So that's why, right now, it is a little hard to really cleanly split out a digital P&L and a linear P&L. And frankly, it's also not entirely in line with how we manage the Company because JV and his team are very much looking at international markets in an aggregate basis. And some of the trade-off decisions that we've laid out are very much focusing on trading off linear and digital. That being said, we will try to make it as easy as possible for you guys to form a view. And look, by laying out the metrics here for our discovery+ product, by giving you a perspective on losses that we have incurred from launching and by giving you at least a short-term outlook about how we expect those loss to be trending, we're trying to help you model this. And as I said earlier, I would assume those losses to start-up start tapering a little bit in the second quarter. Again, I also want to have the flexibility to lean in further, if we find other markets are coming online that have a great opportunity to acquire subs at a multiple of their acquisition cost. So we'll need some wiggle room here, but I'm trying to sort of give you an understanding of that financial profile. As I said, I mean, I am focused on long-term sustainable growth for this company. I think that's what's going to drive shareholder value. And I mean if you just look at, if you just look at our guidance here for the second quarter, accelerating U.S. distribution revenues from 12% against the tough comp, double-digit U.S. ad sales growth, 50% international ad sales growth and significant acceleration in international distribution growth to mid-single digits. I think, again, it's early days, but I would say it's working.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Discovery Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker’s presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference may be recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery's Q4 earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, Chief Financial Officer; and JB Perrette, President and CEO, Discovery Networks International. You should have received our earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.corporate.discovery.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we will open the call to take questions. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning. And I hope everyone is having a great start to 2021. And we thank you all for joining us here today. This is a dynamic time for Discovery. The past year has been one of change, challenge and opportunity, during which we've shown incredible resilience, creativity and focus as one global team. From navigating the pandemic to generating meaningful momentum towards our strategic pivot, Discovery has responded with drive and determination. This is also a unique time for us, because as we are working hard to solidify our core linear business, in which we continue to meaningfully outperform, we are repositioning the company against the massive new opportunity in streaming, where we already see very positive signals and signs that taken together with the durability of our core business, will nicely position the company for sustainable long-term growth, sustainable long-term growth. That is our mission, and we are laser-focused on delivery. We finished 2020 with strong operating momentum and great command and control across our global businesses, delivering top line improvements across virtually every key operating metric since the pandemic hit, while maintaining strong discipline over our expenses, without sacrificing quality or missing a beat in our creative execution. We were even able to return nearly $1 billion of capital to shareholders and equity buybacks. We learned a lot as we managed through 2020. And our tenacity and agility, which is truly at the heart of Discovery took center stage. The impact of our content, either as measured in terms of global share growth or simply in the way people sought us out for comfort and nourishment during a difficult time, became more relevant and more of the moment like never before. We encouraged our talent to bring us into their kitchens, gardens, living rooms, with iPhones and GoPros, and it was a game changer. When most of our peers showed older repeats, we became closer to real and more authentic on air, and that provided a great boost of adrenaline across the company and our talent partners and refined our IP all around the globe. And I'm even more excited about 2021 and the meaningful progress we are making in our strategic pivot, while at the same time, working hard to support our core linear networks business and reinforcing its importance as a critical part of our total consumer offering. Discovery+ is off to a fantastic start, and we couldn't be more encouraged by all the early metrics. After 7 weeks since launching here in the US, we have over 11 million paying direct-to-consumer subscribers across our entire portfolio, and we will hit 12 million by the end of this month of February, an increase of 7 million net adds, as compared to 5 million subs, we reported in December. The vast majority of this increase is attributable to Discovery+. And substantially more than half of the 7 million adds are paying Discovery+ subscribers in the United States. And we are really just getting started internationally. As this comes without adding any new markets other than our previous [ePlay] [ph] markets that we rebranded to Discovery+. For example, we relaunched Italy just a few weeks ago and the UK in Q4 2020, both of which are off to a strong start. Given our ownership and control of all of our content, our increasingly relevant content, expect us to light up markets globally over the next 18 months or so. And in many key markets, we intend to partner with key distributors, such as we did with Vodafone and Sky. These discussions are active and going very well, and our existing momentum is helping facilitate these conversations, as distributors remain keen to provide incremental value to their subscribers as a means of leveraging their pipe and de-commoditizing their offering. In both regards, we are a fantastic partner. We bring strong global and local IP at really superior value. We are by far the best value to consumers and distributors in a global SVOD service in the marketplace, helped by our financial model and the fact that we own all of our global IP. The rollout of the Discovery+ platform has been nearly flawless without any technological disruptions or outages. The Discovery+ product launched with all major platforms and devices, Roku, Fire, Android, Apple, Samsung and there's more to come. And we came to market with an ambitious slate of over 1,000 original hours over the coming year. Stay tuned for further delivery partnerships, such as partnerships with cable operators and other connected TV platforms, all of which move us further along as our goal to be among the most widely available platforms to consumers everywhere on the globe with easy access to consumers in every language. Importantly, consumers love the Discovery+ product and it shows with all key operating metrics pointing in the right direction. We're seeing very high consumer engagement and high video starts. An incredible 93% of our entire 55,000 episode library has been watched, indicating a very healthy long tail of content that has immense value to consumers now that we've made it available.  We're also seeing high retention over the first 60 days, as well as strong monetization that is already translating into incremental value. Gunnar will provide some additional details and financial context. But in short, stronger operating performance across the board is contributing to a better than expected financial profile and accelerating next-gen revenue growth in Q1 and thereafter. Very healthy role to pay and initial signs of lower churn than we initially modeled will drive accelerating sequential domestic affiliate fee growth, even over Q4’s impressive 5% growth rate, as we begin to layer Discovery+ on top of our core base, resulting in at least high single, if not double-digit affiliate growth in the following quarter. We now have over 100 advertisers and brands on the platform in the US and we expect to double that by the end of Q2. Our team is working hard at implementing our feature rich product road map. We are now offering contextual keyword targeting, and interactive ads will roll out by the end of Q1 with pause and binge ads scheduled for Q2. And as the subscriber base further scales, the benefits of combining the intelligence and data-mining capabilities on our end, together with advertiser first party data will represent a significant opportunity for us and our advertising partners. We are already an industry leader when it comes to time spent with our linear portfolio. Yet watch time on Discovery+ in the US is nearly twice that. This naturally has been extremely well-received by our advertising and brand partners, which coupled with initial signs that Discovery+ extends effective reach to non-pay-TV viewers gives us even more conviction and confidence in the long-term ARPU trajectory. In fact, our ad-light ARPU in the US is already above linear and we are just getting started. As we scale and usage continues, we are confident our ARPU will grow meaningfully. Internationally, JB and our product and engineering teams are hard at work transitioning our former Dplay and Eurosport player platforms to our new Discovery+ global product, in time for the Tokyo Olympics and the Beijing Games not long thereafter. Discovery+ will be the streaming home of the games in Europe with access to every minute, every medal and every hero, live and on demand. Having this product integration completed, will enable us to then execute more of our ambitious international expansion plan in the back half of the year, as I previously noted. Taken together, Discovery+ has successfully launched as a truly differentiated product with a fantastic consumer experience, best-in-class product reviews and terrific word of mouth, which is ultimately the most effective form of marketing. We are being educated every day on what's working and what's not and are responding rapidly to iterate and experiment. We are utilizing all of our levers to effectively and efficiently acquire and retain subscribers, including a growing list of global partnerships with many of the world's leading distributors, an exciting pipeline of originals that we believe will surprise and delight consumers and a brand campaign that is unrivaled in our history. The team is doing a lot right, and we are seeing the payoff in subscriber additions and engagement, for which we believe there is no better use of our capital and resources than to continue to support these efforts as a means to drive shareholder value. With the very healthy metrics we've seen thus far, scaling our Discovery+ subscriber base as quickly as possible is the best use of our free cash flow, as we eye sustainable long-term financial growth for the overall Discovery company. Our first and foremost priority has always been and will always be, to reinvest in our business to drive organic growth. Our powerful launch serves as a strong confirmation of what we have been hard at work building over the last many years and that which the acquisition of Scripps helped to accelerate. We have spent years amassing and cultivating the most popular real life entertainment content, brands and personalities, all with a focus on nurturing and delighting our fans across multiple video ecosystems, pay, free and streaming. It's having a real impact and an impact we expect will continue to grow. Investing in high quality premium programming across the entirety of our platforms has always been our north star. In fact, at a time when many of our peers are taking their foot off the gas, we expect to increase our spend on fresh content to support our linear networks this year. This further reinforces our strong value proposition to our distribution partners. Indeed, we believe the basic pay-TV bundle is integral and relevant. It offers an incredible value proposition to an important and large segment of consumers. Discovery is a true global IP company in every sense of the word, one of the very few true global IT companies. And growing our goals of great stories and series has laid the groundwork for the critical next steps we are taking, evolving from a pay-TV and free-to-air company into a scaling global streaming player. Discovery's mission is to play hard in traditional free-to-air and cable with fantastic margins and free cash flow and play harder in direct-to-consumer, while we are uniquely positioned to achieve long-term sustainable growth. With that, let me now turn it over to Gunnar.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David. And good morning, everyone. Echoing David's comments, 2020 was indeed a year that presented its fair share of challenges. Likewise, it stress tested our company in unprecedented ways. Looking back, I'm extraordinarily proud of both how our team reacted to such disruption, as well as how we proactively lean forward into our strategic pivot. I do believe we accomplished a tremendous amount in 2020, operationally, financially, managerially and strategically, and it set us up for a great start to 2021 and beyond, which I will discuss in more detail shortly. But first, to briefly recap Q4, a very solid set of results across the board. Starting with US networks. Advertising revenues were consistent with the prior year, supported by an ad market that continued to show signs of recovery, as well as the general tightening of the marketplace due to political spend. Following a generally advantageous upfront market, we saw extremely healthy scatter CPMs up in the high 20% range versus upfront and up high single digits year-over-year. And that trend has continued into the first quarter with scatter CPMs up around 40% versus upfront and up mid teens year-over-year. While on balance demand has returned in most categories to year ago levels, a number of verticals such as travel, movie studios and restaurant chains still remain challenged. US distribution revenues increased a very solid 5% year-over-year during the fourth quarter, as pricing more than offset subscriber declines, supporting a nice acceleration from Q3. We benefited from a combination of a slower pace of subscriber declines, the impact from recent renewals and our continued strength across virtual MVPDs. Subscribers to our core fully distributed networks declined by 3%, while our total portfolio subscribers declined by 5%. Now turning to the international networks for the fourth quarter, which I will discuss on a constant currency basis. Advertising revenues decreased 1% year-over-year, led primarily by continuing sequential improvements across many of our key markets. And some like the UK, Germany, Poland and certain APAC countries finished the fourth quarter with positive growth, while other markets such as across Latin America are still exhibiting COVID-related weakness. Distribution revenues decreased 4% year-over-year. We continue to see modest subscriber turn from more economically challenged countries in Latin America. Furthermore, COVID-related disruption in the sports schedule throughout 2020 continued to impact our Eurosport performance in the fourth quarter, as well as continued headwinds in overall pricing, primarily in EMEA. Total operating expenses were up 5% during the quarter. Cost of revenues were up 6%, largely due to the condensing of the sports schedule into the back half of the year and continued ramp and content investments to support our next-generation initiatives. SG&A increased 3% as we invested in marketing and branding promotion ahead of the launch of Discovery+ as well as personnel and technology spending to support our initiatives. And as we guided, we finished 2020 with total operating expenses flat year-over-year ex-FX, as we reallocated spend, and we continue to target a low to mid single digit percentage reduction in our core linear businesses as we support our next-gen endeavors. Turning to free cash flow. We finished 2020 with over $2.3 billion in free cash flow, a 56% AOIBDA to free cash flow conversion rate, a great finish considering the volatility and headwinds we faced this past year and still do, to an extent, from disruptions related to COVID, while at the same time having absorbed a meaningful step-up in D2C investments. And as we guided to at our December Investor Day, we continue to expect to convert at least 50% of our AOIBDA to free cash flow this year. Now turning to Discovery+, which is off to a very impressive start. And though it's early in our launch and global rollout, we are very pleased with all of the early metrics. First, we have now surpassed 11 million total global paying direct-to-consumer subscribers after less than 60 days since the launch in the US, the majority of which are attributed to Discovery+ and more than half of the subscriber additions were in the US. And as David mentioned, we will hit 12 million global paying subscribers by the end of the month. Second, importantly, both role to pay and churn have been better than planned. And while early, these represent critical variables in our modeling. Third, engagement, as measured by average watch time per active viewer has been robust and already significantly ahead of linear. Fourth, this engagement, along with advertisers and brands eager to embrace our subscriber base is driving higher CPMs. It is worth pointing out the value our advertisers see and the portion of our subscriber base that are not currently pay-TV subscribers, delivering much needed incremental reach to the video advertising ecosystem. This as well has contributed to very healthy ad monetization that is already well ahead of plan. Number five, this has led to ARPU for our Ad Lite product that has already surpassed average linear ARPU. And we see further upside as we drive scale and subscribers, a key tenet we laid out for you in early December. Number six, early signs of churn are within our expectations, if not better, which taken together with the monetization framework I provided are contributing to a higher implied customer lifetime value than our initial modeling. Number seven, finally, subscriber acquisition costs have so far come in very favorable, especially compared with the evolving customer lifetime value. Consequently, taking these early data points together, we see both a very strong start to next-gen revenue growth in 2021 with Q1 poised to grow around 50% with meaningful acceleration in the quarters, thereafter, and a much more attractive investment opportunity around subscriber growth. Given Discovery+ net ads, the majority of which are in the US, we should also enjoy a more direct tailwind to our domestic distribution growth profile this quarter. As such, we expect Q1 domestic distribution revenue to increase at least high single digits, if not low double digits year-over-year, a meaningful acceleration from the last quarter. I must say I like the sound of that. Candidly, it's been a while since we have had a growth profile like that for domestic distribution. While the advertisers' embrace for Discovery+ has been great, it will help to support our overall advertising profile as we scale, we expect a modest sequential headwind to Q1 US advertising revenues, in part related to macro factors, as well as the launch of Discovery+, where we are leaning in with more of our inventory to promote the service. We have embarked on an aggressive branding and performance marketing campaign, and we are seeing efficient SAC. As I noted earlier, with SAC so favorable to CLV, we expect to lean into this opportunity in a greater way. And we now expect to see greater incremental next-generation losses than the $200 million to $300 million initially described. This could potentially be a couple of hundred million more, but it's too early to pinpoint to find a range. I am very confident to categorize this as success based spending. We do, however, still see 2021 as representing the peak year for losses from our investment initiatives. Which brings us to capital allocation, where our first priority is to reinvest in our business, to drive long-term growth and shareholder value, and for the near-term, the most productive use of our free cash flow will be to drive Discovery+ subscribers. Thus, you should not expect us to be in the market buying back our equity in the near term. Though, as we gain additional clarity around requisite spend to support our rollout, we will, of course, revisit the buyback. We finished 2020 at approximately 3.3 times net leverage. Through 2021, due to timing factors around spend and the Olympic Games, our leverage may at times trend above our target range, though we and the rating agencies are comfortable with this outlook, particularly as we remain committed to our investment grade rating. Now, turning to a couple of housekeeping items to help you with forecasting 2021. We expect our effective book tax rate to remain in the low 20% range, while our cash tax rate, excluding PPA, will be in the mid-20% range. And finally, we are budgeting FX to have a positive $170 million year-over-year impact on revenues, and a neutral year-over-year impact on AOIBDA. In closing, we are incredibly excited by the initial success of Discovery+, and remain as enthusiastic as ever as we position the company for long-term sustained growth. Clearly, lots more to accomplish given only a few months in, and we look forward to updating you on our progress. Thank you again for joining us. With that, I'd like to turn it over to the operator, for the Q&A portion of the call. And David, JB and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robert Fishman from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Robert Fishman: Hi. Good morning. Can you be a little bit more specific about the cadence of the international rollout for Discovery+ in the next few months? And have your partners like, Vodafone really start to ramp up on the marketing to their sub-base yet? And then, while clearly still early, anything you can help share on the international monetization of the subscriber base and if you're seeing higher ARPU levels there relative to your linear subscriber base? Thank you very much.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Robert. As I mentioned, we're really just getting started. We've built a robust platform, but in order to roll it out globally, it needs to be modified, needs to be modified to be embedded with Vodafone, to be embedded with Telecom Italia, each of the different distributors. We're working on getting it embedded with a number of the cable players domestically and around the world. We have re-branded Dplay, Discovery+. As you know, our strategy outside the US, which we think is really unique, is local entertainment, local non-fiction, local sport in Europe and local entertainment, local non-fiction around the world. And that library from the last 25 to 30 years of local content really differentiates us from Netflix and Disney. It makes us a great companion if you're putting together a bundle. So we are seeing some real growth in the few markets that we've launched in. We're using the Olympics as a forcing mechanism, where we're looking to rebuild the platform. So that coming out of the - we're ready with the Olympics all across Europe. And then coming out of that, we'll be able to roll out. But for instance, Vodafone will not be for a little while. But JB, why don't you give some more specifics?
JB Perrette: Yeah. So Robert, as David mentioned, we are obviously undergoing a significant amount of work to re-platform. Basically, what that means is our front-end product that was the former Dplay product in Europe was built on a different front-end platform than our US product. And so, as we do two things, one is migrate the US product to be our global product, we have some important kind of infrastructure work to get done here in advance of the Olympics. And number two, as we talked about in back in December, we will be collapsing our Eurosport player product into Discovery+. And so we need to also do some work to incorporate that product into Discovery+. Both of those things are our primary focus and taking up a fair amount of our engineering and product bandwidth over the course of the next four, five months pre Olympics. So that's going to be the primary focus in getting that right in the first half of this year. As we come out of the Olympics and go into the second half of the year, that's when you're going to see the acceleration of the international rollouts. And so that's the time frame I think about. The – and using Vodafone specifically, since you mentioned it, really, that will be a back half of ‘21 and even bleeding several markets into ‘22 as well as we launch with them. And then the third thing in terms of ARPU, the only thing I'd say there is what we do know and what we've seen so far is these retail partnerships with the Vodafone and others, as well as our direct-to-consumer, the premium and the multiples over our wholesale model internationally are still easily 3x to 4x the pricing that we see in our existing wholesale model. So we see a lot of pricing advantage in the Discovery+ model and the partnerships we have versus our existing business.
Robert Fishman: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall: Yeah, thanks. Maybe first, just wondering if you could update us on what sort of ARPU trends you're seeing on Discovery+, how those are performing versus your expectation and maybe how those split between US and international and subscription versus advertising. And then, David, I was wondering if you could give us an update on Magnolia in terms of timing. And you mentioned the Olympics and the golf season, but are there any other big content events that we should be mindful of during the year that might drive subscriber acquisition on Discovery+? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Sure. Why don't I start – I'll start with Magnolia. Chip and Joe have been huge supporters of Discovery+. And for the audience around the world and particularly here in the US, the delight with the fact that Fixer Upper is back, Magnolia Table with Joe, really strong, all exclusive to Discovery+, as well as the slate that we've been developing and they, as Chief Creative Officers, have been creating is on Discovery+. The good news is there's a huge amount of incremental content coming from them, as well as all the content that we were putting on Magnolia. All of that will continue to be on Discovery+. We've come up with a really creative partnership because Magnolia itself is a huge business for them and a transactional business. And so we will be launching an app together where people can go and take all kinds of classes, they can do workshops, they can transact business with the Magnolia product, they can transact business with Chip – with a number of things that Chip and Joe will be curating. But all the content that's developed will be on Discovery+. So effectively, when it launches, whatever number of subs that we have will be subs that will have the Magnolia app available to it. So it's really a win-win. It becomes effectively part of us, and we become part of them, they become part of us. And it's one and one equals two.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Steven, let me take the question on ARPU. So a couple of points of what we're seeing so far. And remember, it's early days. But starting with the US, I think the most important point that I've looked at is our ability to monetize the advertising side for the Ad Lite subscribers. And I'm super pleased with what we're seeing there. We had this bogey of getting three times the CPM compared to linear, and we're on a very good track here. We're already making more on a per-sub basis altogether with these Ad Lite subscribers compared to the linear ecosystem. So that's great. Obviously, the price points for the ad-free product, and I should say that the subscriber base is skewing a little more towards ad-free given the relative attractiveness of the price point here, I think. But -- so for the US side, so far, ahead of expectations. Internationally, as JB said, the most important point is we're expecting a multiple delta between what we're achieving here on the direct-to-consumer side compared with linear. But I also want to say, it's early days, and especially on the international side, driven by the deal cadence, et cetera, that number could move around a little. That's why you're not going to hear us talk a lot about ARPU specifically. I would like you guys to focus on the next-generation revenue. That's why we gave the growth guidance there. And it's a very compelling story. I think we grew 18% in 2020. Fourth quarter was up 26% for next-generation revenue. We're now looking at roughly 50% for the first quarter, and I expect that number, that growth to further accelerate as we go through the year. So top to bottom, I think, very, very encouraging first results here.
JB Perrette: The one other thing, Gunnar, for that I might add just on for the international, is that based on the success we've seen in the last 45 days on the US Ad Lite product, that's really not a product that we've rolled out anywhere internationally. And we see an opportunity there to take that same model with the same higher ARPU and take it around the world. And so, as we - part of the replatforming we talked about just a minute ago, it is going to enable us to offer an Ad Lite and an ad-free product as we take Discovery+ around the world. And I think in a number of markets, particularly in Europe with our big advertising footprint there, that we think there's going to be additional opportunity for higher ARPU growth with both products and both tiers and market at the same time.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. And congratulations to David and the team on the successful launch. Couple of questions for Gunnar and a couple for David. Gunnar, one of the things that seemed pretty conservative at the Analyst Day was your target margin of 20% for streaming. Is it fair to say, you're basing well beyond that, given some of the metrics you laid out? And if you threw all this into a blender, what kind of margins would you get on sort of a terminal basis for streaming? And a clarification, Gunnar, you said CPMs were up 40% over the upfront 1Q. You said up mid teens year-over-year. Not to be sort of too in the weeds, but is that sort of booked to date? Or is that your anticipation of how the quarter is tracking, including the March period last year where it fell off? And for David, when you think about the usage of the research you've done so far, I know, it's early days, how do you feel about the idea? Is this super fans coming in and racing to try your streaming service? Is this just a mix of subscribers that you think is sustainable and normal and not overly driven by super fans? So what's your anticipation there? And then lastly, David, if you wouldn't mind, on content and investment, it seems like at least our track and you will tell me how far off we are, it seems like shows representing about 9% of your linear viewing has seen their originals debut on streaming. Is that sort of the right mix? Are you thinking of ramping that more aggressively? Or is the originals that you have coming means that the linear is going to sort of stay with the content level that it has right now? Anyways, thanks for all that.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Doug. Right now, it seems quite broad. We're getting subscribers from our broad marketing. We're seeing subscribers coming in from our own marketing on our own platforms. We're seeing a lot of digital. The age is really across the board. A lot of that has to do, I think, with the great work that Disney has done in acclimating people. The encouraging thing is that we see good numbers about people once they know about the product wanting to have the product. And we're – one of the reasons that we're marketing is we think we've got a great product, and we need more people to understand what it is. For 60 days in, with a product called Discovery+, we've had to do a lot of work. It's a great brand that people love, but we had to explain that it's home, food, Chip and Joanna [ph] crime, Oprah Winfrey. And there's all of this – all the stuff that people like. So that was number one. The role to pay has been terrific. The amount of time people have been spending on is terrific. And so right now, it looks good. We can't tell you how big the market is. But right now, it feels like we're off and running. In terms of the content that we're moving around, we're really experimenting. And the interesting thing is, the way our product works so far is it's very different than Disney or Netflix. We have this massive library. And when we say what's trending, if you took all the top shows that are trending and put them all together, it represents less than 10% of what people are watching. And so it's – we have such a diversity of content. When you talk about scripted series and scripted movies, where you have eight people playing that game, they're going there for a scripted series, and they tend – or they're going there for a movie. For us, since we've pulled together that other 50%, they are watching Discovery stuff. They are going in and watching Prince William and an environmental documentary. And other people are going in there and watching the fact that we have the largest crime library or paranormal or food fans. So we're just experimenting. We're moving things around, but we still have a full commitment to the existing bundle. We are the bundle. I mean, it's basically news, sports and us. And a lot of the other players are now in – they are in repeat mode. And for us, we have a real equitable argument. I was talking with some of our operators over the weekend about the amount of original content that we're still doing and the amount of viewership that we're getting on the platform. And so we think we could do both, and we're experimenting moving things between the two.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: All right. Doug, and on your other two financial questions here, the margin, look, I mean, I gave that at least 20% number, because I was very, very confident that we'd be able to hit it. If you look at what we've learned since then, every metric has come in better. So I think it's safe to say that that's even more conservative from today's perspective. At the same time, there may be some sort of pulling impact forward, so I'm not in a position to give a new estimate. Now we're focused on building this product out and optimizing this now. But I feel very, very good about the margin potential in the long run. And then on the CPM side, just to clarify, the 40% are based on what we're seeing in our bookings. I think that was your other question, right?
Doug Mitchelson: Yeah. But also the mid teens year-over-year, is that like trace - pacing against the full 1Q of last year or just bookings to-date for the quarter?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: That's based on the - on what's on the books right now for the same period of last year. But as I said, I mean, we do - as I said a couple of minutes ago, we do expect a modest headwind because we're using some of our inventory for our own promotion. Still have somewhat limited visibility, et cetera. Keep that in mind as well, please.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kutgun Maral from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kutgun Maral: Great. Thank you for taking the questions. First, you're clearly more bullish on DTC today than you were maybe just a few months ago. You're ramping investments even more early subscriber KPIs, sound very attractive, whether it's CPMs or churn. I guess I'll give it another shot and ask you if you'd be willing to provide any thoughts on what DTC subscriber levels you expect to achieve, whether it's US or international or 2021 or even looking at further, just any framework would be helpful. And then secondly, how do we think about the GO apps and what that business looks like going forward, as you ramp and pivot even more into Discovery+? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Let me talk about GO, which is really our AVOD where we're getting terrific CPMs. It's been a great feeder, a really terrific, terrific feeder for us, which is really an efficient conversion. And it's really - we have a holistic view here. We have our traditional business with great margins where we continue to - which we think outside the US, it's declining, but at a much slower rate than in the US. But in the US, we're seeing some stability. We expect that it will decline, but we really like our position there. Then we have the GO AVOD, where we have a very young demo with very good economics, and people continue to go there. And the more people we can get to go there, the more people can come over that want to get our SVOD service, which has a lot more stuff. So, we think it's a really like a great one, two, three. And for advertisers, it's terrific. So, we're going to continue to look at the market. And as JB said, we're evolving. We have a very low priced product given the marketplace. It's an unbelievable value. If you look at the value of us at $4.99 and Ad-Lite versus everyone else, with the library we have and the originals, it's terrific. Outside the US, we can go a lot cheaper than that and still have a multiple of the ARPU that we get. But as JB said, we're learning. We've been at this for five years. That's how I think we took so much time to launch to figure out how do we get everything aligned. But the idea of AVOD, SVOD, Ad-Lite and some - now we're going to add SVOD with low commercials. But we'll also, in some markets, we might want to put in a big front porch of AVOD. And we've been doing that in a couple of markets already and finding that that's a real feeder. And the fact that we have advertisers in GO, that's one of the reasons we have 100 advertisers in Discovery+ right now. So, who knows where all this will be in five years. But right now, we have great ARPU on our existing business domestically and around the world. We're getting started. We're way ahead of where we were. And we like the metrics, and we're going to - we'll just follow the consumer need. I don't know, JB, just maybe a little on AVOD from your perspective?
JB Perrette: Yeah, I think the interesting thing, back to David's experimentation point is that, we have done some things even in the course of the last 60 days where we initially took down some content that was originally on GO and then put it back up. And I guess the point would be, generally to David's point of, these are just incredibly additive customer segments. I think we look at each of these as being very additive customer segments. And the GO performance so far, even in the course of Discovery+, has continued to see the same high level of engagement, as we had pre-Discovery+ launch, as we have post-Discovery+ launch. And so from an engagement perspective, all indications are, which was, again, a little bit of our thesis back in December, which we obviously didn't know 100%, but that this could be not an either or but an and. And that so far, it is looking a lot more like an and even that we might have expected back in December. And on GO, we're still very pleased with the engagement and the level of usage that, that platform is getting. And we have some new product innovations that we're going to be rolling out over the course of the next couple of months that we think we'll continue to make that product ever more compelling. And so we feel comfortable with that business continuing to be a good growth, a healthy growth driver for us going forward.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then maybe just to close out that last question, we're still not in a position to give a long term or short term subscriber guidance here. We're super happy with what we're seeing. Again top to bottom, ahead of expectations, we have a lot of distribution still coming down the pike. We're really just getting started internationally. So that's on the positive side. We'll see. I don't think there's a lot of value of us sort of discussing scenarios here.
Kutgun Maral: Understood, thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Ben Swinburne: Good morning. David, I wanted to ask you about your sort of content plans as you look at linear versus streaming in the US. I mean I think of Discovery, you've been probably the most deliberate, I think, in balancing what you deliver to your MVPD partners with what you're now building and streaming as you - as I'm sure you'd agree, others have gone much further sort of creating competitive products. Given the success so far in the US, I know it's early, but also you hinted out a cable partnership in your prepared remarks. Are you feeling more kind of optimistic or comfortable putting your best IP, on D2C versus linear in terms of exclusive or other things? Just give us a sense of your mindset sitting here today? And then Gunnar, you gave some advertising commentary for Q1. I'm just wondering if you could talk about the shape of the year. Obviously, the comps get pretty easy in Q2, Q3. And then would you be willing to give us what the next-gen revenues were in dollars last year? Thank you, everybody.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Ben. One of the great things is we get to see what people watch and how they watch it and what they like. And I would say - I wouldn't say best, I would say different. We're continuing to invest in our traditional channels around the world. And that's building our global IP library. And so we'll continue to do that. It's still a great model. And we think it's going to go on for quite some time. It's also a terrific feeder. So the people that are watching our cable channels are buying the product. People that are going to GO and seeing some of the product that they've downloaded and they like, they are buying the product. So we think it's really advantageous to us to keep that nourished. And it's good for us with our existing distributors because they appreciate that and that we're key to the bundle and we're supporting it. Having said that, there are a number of things that we're learning. Like if we do a big crime documentary, a big crime documented, we could put it on ID, and we have put it on ID. But the - some of those things are - they want to watch it when they want to watch it. When we did the Prince William documentary on the environment, on Discovery, I think it would have done well. It did unbelievably well in Discovery+. Everybody wanted to see it, same thing with Attenborough. I think a lot of the stuff that we have, some of it is different, but we are starting to get some clues on the kind of things that people like to have on a platform and watch whenever they want. We also have seen that, we're getting a lot of comments that this is a service that people could watch sort of in two ways. One is, while they're cooking. They can - we added a feature where you can almost like a synthetic channel, where if you love Fixer Upper and you love the Property Brothers and you love Guy Fieri, you can just put that into the app, and that's what will run all day long. And so, on the one hand, you may really want to watch the Attenborough or this great crime documentary or Ina Garten is doing a great show with Melissa McCarthy, but you also may want to just put it on, so you have something really fun that you love to watch while you're cooking or while you're home schooling the kids or while you're working. And a lot of the SVOD products are - have - are there for intention, what is - where you have a full-on focused intent to view, which we have, and we have great content, great characters, great brands, but we also have this ability to be a companion. The content is on, and it's a great companion for you when you're home or it's a great companion. We have your favorite shows. So it's a balance. And we're looking - we think we could do both. Fantastic, differentiated content that people love and also the content and characters that they love that they can hang around with all day. Remember, Food and HG and ID, together with FOX News, are the four longest length of view cable networks in America, with our three being women and FOX News being men, and there's a reason for that, behaviorally. People sometimes want to have that on during the day, and they can do that with our app. And so, we think both of those provide a value equation.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then, Ben, in terms of advertising, I mean, visibility is still limited. I'm not in a position to come up with a full year outlook here. But obviously, you're right that the comps should start looking a little better from Q2 onwards. We've seen this sequential improvement. And as I said earlier, some of the international markets have actually have already been up in Q4, and we see strong momentum into Q1. It is early. I mean, I told you about pricing. We do have a great upfront deal in place. Option are - option cancellations are looking good right now. But, again, we don't have a ton of visibility. So we'll see. But hopefully, the balance is going to skew positively starting Q2 here. In terms of the next-gen revenue…
David Zaslav: Just want to - we did - we were able to make some two meaningful hires that have really been helping us. One is, we hired the Head of Sales for Hulu.
JB Perrette: Yeah. Jim Keller, yeah.
David Zaslav: Jim Keller, who is really terrific. We have a great team, but how do we take ourselves to the next level. And then, we just hired last week the Head of…
JB Perrette: Pato, the CMO from Hulu.
David Zaslav: The CMO from Hulu to come over. And so, we've brought over a lot of expertise here that we think in terms of selling our product, selling the digital product, getting someone that has years and years of experience of just doing that, together with the very strong team that we have, and Stein loves doing a fantastic job. And then take the great marketing team that we have with all the strength and you see in the campaign and bring someone who's been doing just subscriber acquisition for the last 8 years, is going to help this company really grow.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Again, next-generation revenue is roughly $850 million in 2020. And again, that was a growth of 18% versus 2019 accelerating in the fourth quarter to 26%, accelerating in the first quarter now to roughly 50% and accelerating from there and to be quantified. But it's a great story, I think.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is open.
John Hodulik: Okay. Great. Thanks guys. Maybe for Gunnar, just some clarifications on some of the cost items. You talked about spending some more on the content spend, I think you guys have spent about $3 billion a year the last couple of years. Can you give us a sense of the magnitude of the increase there? And then on the guide, any chance you could sort of bucket some of the areas that you might spend, leaning into D2C with that incremental up to $200 million in EBITDA, that would be great. Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah. So starting with content spend, two things to keep in mind for this year. One is the Olympics is going to flow through with a very significant license fee, of course, in the third quarter. Other than that, the content spend on a consolidated basis for the entire company is growing significantly. That's part of that guide that we have given, obviously, with a focus on direct-to-consumer first products. But keep in mind, as David said, we're experimenting with those windows for our content. And I think one of our great advantages has always been our ability to use that content across territories, across platforms and thereby further driving that efficiency. So that's one of the chunks that had always been part of his guidance. I think in terms of what we see additional spend right now, first and foremost, it's marketing. And again, I mean, I said it earlier, but given how our engagement and churn metrics and the monetization metrics are trending, our customer lifetime value looks much better than what we thought it was going to be in December. And at the same time, subscriber acquisition has been incredibly efficient, a little better than we planned for. So that gap between customer lifetime value and SAC is just very compelling, and that's the largest driver for us to really lean in and spend more on the marketing side, all the way through the funnel, initially, a lot of top of the funnel marketing, but we'll definitely keep firing on that performance marketing side as we go through the year here. And then in addition to that, on the technology side as well, there's a lot of fast follow features that are in the pipeline. The team is working hard. JB already spoke about replatforming. There's some work to do internationally as well. But again, all of that is going to help us accelerate the rollout here. It's going to help us accelerate the advertising growth. David already mentioned binge ads and pause ads and interactive ads, et cetera, that are coming down the pike as early as March, April, May, et cetera. So it's very exciting. And again, from the CFO perspective, what gives me a lot of comfort is this is a success-based spend. We're going to toggle it up and down with what we see in terms of the performance of the product. And again, I could not be more excited about this being the best use of our free cash flow right now.
John Hodulik: Thank you, Gunnar.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rich Greenfield from LightShed Partners. Your line is open.
Rich Greenfield: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. This is sort of a follow-up to a couple of questions that have been asked. When you think about the Discovery+ product to-date, when we look at it, 12 of the top 13 shows have been sort of shows that are on TV or on linear TV led by Travel Channel's, Ghost Adventures. The only one that's been exclusive to Discovery+ has been actually Fixer Upper from Chip and Joanna. I guess, two thoughts come to mind. One, do you think your service is uniquely less exposed or less - need less original programming than other streaming services because people like watching your catalog content over and over? Two, do you think that Fixer Upper sort of point you in the direction of maybe Chip and Joanna shouldn't be launching a cable network and should just stay exclusive, their content should stay exclusive to Discovery+? And then just the last piece of that, you mentioned pausing the share buyback to invest in Discovery+. I guess, just given investor excitement over your stock and the huge move you've seen in your stock year-to-date, why not take advantage of it, actually sell stock, strengthen the balance sheet and actually invest even more in programming? Again, maybe you don't need to spend that much on programming, given what I mentioned before. So I just love your views on that whole subject.
David Zaslav: Sure. Let me start with the content. We've never made our entire library available before. So one is there's a lot of excitement about being able to sit down and watch all MythBusters, look at all the seasons of Deadliest Catch, Ice Road Truckers, go back and watch a bunch of Lifetime movies all in one sitting. So we're making available this whole bucket of content, all the food - go back, Guy Fieri spend an afternoon watching Diners and Dives. So there's a lot of appeal in our full library. Two, there's a huge amount of original content that is on there that's doing really well. The metrics are really not the same for us. If you take those 12 - top 12 shows, that's less than 10% of what's viewed on the platform. So I'm not on the inside of these other SVOD platforms. But when they launch a big movie or they launch a big series, if they name three, it might be 30% of the view or 40% of view. For us, it's less than 10%. So our product is a lot of long tail. When you - and a lot of the original content is very helpful, I think, because it makes - it is clear that it's differentiated. One of the reasons why a lot of people that have GO are moving over and paying for this product is there's more there and there's a ton of original content. So I think, we think we're on to something with the mix. We're not being guided that much by seeing that they're watching this show or that show. Because when we actually look at the full numbers, the answer is that they - we've represented 50% of what people watch on TV. And that's not available anywhere else. You go to the others for scripted series and scripted movies, and the big takeaway for us is people are willing to pay for that other 50% so far. And that could be a yellow brick road for us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Rich, I mean, on the share buyback side, remember, we have so much free cash flow coming in, right? So that generates a lot of firepower to fund our organic acquisitions. On the leverage side, as I said before, I'm feeling very good. It's - and not only - I'm feeling very good. Agencies are supportive as well. And the reality is we have less than $4 billion coming due over the next 5 years after our prepayment here that's going on in March right now. So, I think, we're in a very good position. We are prioritizing the reinvestment into our own company right now, but not in the form of buybacks, but in the form of future growth.
Rich Greenfield: And what about the Chip and Joanna?
JB Perrette: Chip and Joanna?
David Zaslav: As I said, we've done a very innovative alignment together. And you're going to continue to see content on Discovery+ exclusively. There may be a window, maybe - we think linear is still valuable. They've produced a lot of good content. But you'll be seeing a tremendous amount of content coming from them and coming from their creative factory that will be on Discovery+ exclusively or exclusively for a period of time before it shows up somewhere else.
JB Perrette: I think the only other thing I'd add, Rich, to your comment about the franchises is that I think one of the successes we found, you mentioned the top shows and how many - there's a lot of the top shows on Discovery+ right now that are talent - existing talent or known talent or known franchise base. So you take a Magnolia Table or Bobby and Giada in Italy or even some of the offshoots of the 90 day franchise, and I think that's one of the things we see as a great success is ultimately being able to super serve and give people even more, but that stuff is exclusive to Discovery+. And so while it could fit naturally in a second window or down the line back on a network, because it's very complementary to the existing franchises, they are exclusive to Discovery+. So we do think, in order to continue to expand the base also, that will be important to have a right balance of certainly some of the library and the depth of the library is incredibly important. But also some of the exclusive content, even if it is based on some IP and franchises that come from the television networks.
David Zaslav: And outside the US, we're finding that with our local language, local sports strategy, that having a particularly compelling piece of local IP that's available exclusively, is driving, I mean, speak to that a little bit JB, We're seeing real growth in Poland when we take a particular piece of compelling local IP and put it just on our Discovery+ product.
JB Perrette: Yeah. I mean, consistent with what we did think in our and what we outlined is what we thought was sort of, part of our secret sauce back in December, of this combination of great local IP with the strength of the global library, we are seeing that bear fruit, which is a lot of the local IP that is, whether it be in Poland, the Nordics, the UK, Italy, is what's driving a significant amount of volume to the service and in terms of the acquisitions and then coming into the service finding and discovering all this new and great content that people have never seen. And I think the other thing - this is true about international, it's also true about the US, is the reality is the 55,000 hours is such a large volume of content in the genres and passion areas that people love, that without a digital algorithmic recommendation engine to surface that stuff to people, it's just never something that could have been perfectly exploited on linear television, when you have a 24/7 channel and you are limited by capacity. And so - and by the way, that replatforming that we're doing internationally is partly to take advantage of these more sophisticated recommendation engine that we have on Discovery+ that currently doesn't exist in discovery+ outside the US, but will once we finish the replatform. So that surfacing of new content, even if it's out of the library, that feels new to so many viewers, we think is also a big opportunity to satisfy the consumers.
Rich Greenfield: Very helpful. Thanks for the details.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. Just two quick questions, if I may. The first one is, are you - can we expect you guys can even get a higher proportion of advertising budgets given the incremental reach of Disney+? It just sounds like it's a very attractive overall offering you can provide as Discovery, the company, to advertise. I'm curious if it's incremental positive there? And then the second question is just really on local international production. Are you seeing that getting a bit harder or get bit more expensive now that Discovery+ and other - a lot of other streaming services are trying to build up a local content?
David Zaslav: Thanks, Alexia. On the ad budgets, getting back to - before we get to Discovery+, with our traditional business, what Steinlauf has been and his team are very effectively done - and he and I have been on the road with all the big agencies at least three times over the - since the Scripps deal, is dealing with the fact that the broadcasters are getting - are getting over $60 in CPM, and we were getting a third of that. And - but we're the number one player for women or the number two player for women. And we have the number one network with TLC. We have the number one show with 90 Day Fiance. And so we've been pushing that rock up hill. And you see in our numbers how we've been driving that CPM. But now we have a whole basket where we have this win-win of come in with us for $40 plus CPM. Why are you going to get a repeat on a broadcast network when you could buy original content on us? And we get a huge premium on our CPM. We believe that this should ultimately flip. And aside from sports, we should be getting a premium versus the broadcasters, because we're producing - we have length of view. We have an audience that's engaged. We have endemic with food and home where advertisers want to be. And so we think we have some real momentum there, and we're going to push on it, because we think, from an equitable perspective and from a performance perspective, we should see much more of that money with much more CPM with better returns. And we think advertisers are starting to agree with us. And you should see that flowing through over a period of time. And with GO and Discovery+, we do have a lot more opportunity, because with Discovery+ bigger than we thought, with GO continuing to perform, we have more capacity. And we're seeing that the attractiveness of that capacity in terms of the kind of premiums that we're getting in CPM on Discovery+, where there's only a few ads, is really terrific. So it's - and it's incremental reach, real incremental reach for us, non-cable, and so -- which is quite helpful. And on the local, leaning in, we do need original content. We have been doing it. JB's work been producing a lot of it in every language. We have the factory that converts all of our content into every language, but we are doing more original because it's helping us both on linear and direct-to-consumer, but JB, talk about how we've kind of pivoted this year to lean in even harder.
JB Perrette: Yeah. I think, certainly, in the core markets with the biggest scale, we'll continue to sort of pivot on and focus on the right level of local content to drive the acquisitions. I think the other thing that's exciting for us that we've never been able to take advantage of in a material way is we have now, even in the last 90 days, examples of shows that originate out of one market that are top 10 or top 5, in some cases, drivers in other international markets. And so when we talk about local content, local content used to only mean monetization in one market. The reality is now we're starting to see more value and benefit being driven out of local content – multi-market. So we did an Estonia documentary on the terrible and tragic capsizing, the largest ferry disaster in the Nordics, that was originated out of our Nordics business. It's now a top performer in the U.K., a top performer in Italy. And so local content investment doesn't just mean local, it means local with value now to travel, which is something that we never had. So we're excited about that opportunity as well.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our last question from Michael Morris from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Michael Morris: Hey. Thanks guys. Good morning. I'll try to sneak a couple in here, if I could. First, can we talk a little bit about the affiliate pace domestically and especially the strength you're talking about in the first quarter, the 5% that you saw in the fourth quarter that seems to all be coming from the linear business. And I'd appreciate if you could talk about what drove that acceleration. I know we talked about a little bit of the improvement in subscribers. But really, it seems like you would have had to have some kind of pricing – discrete pricing improvement there. So can you just help with that and how much that impacts that underlying pace as we go into the New Year and that growth you're expecting? And then just a couple on international digital, if I could. Of the 5 million subscribers, next-gen subscribers you discussed in the fourth quarter, how many of those were Dplay subs that became Discovery+ subs on the conversion? And then the last thing, can you talk about India and your product in that market at all, where you are on that and if that contributed to your reported numbers this quarter? Thanks for taking the questions.
David Zaslav: Okay. Michael, let me start with the distribution guidance. And you may have noted that I deliberately said distribution rather than affiliate, because I do not want to create the perception that our traditional affiliate number is accelerating by 100% here. So you're 100% right. We were up 5% in the fourth quarter, and that was almost completely traditional business-driven. It's a combination of pricing, slightly better subscriber trends. We've lost less than in prior quarters. And also, we've done very well on the side of the virtual MVPDs. So that's the Q4 number, mostly linear. For Q1, we're talking about high single digit, potentially double-digit. Then a lot of that acceleration is, obviously, coming from the B2C trends, given the subscriber success that we've seen so far, that is going to start very materially contributing to that number. That's why I started talking about distribution the way we laid it out in our financial statements as well rather than just affiliate. On India, JB?
JB Perrette: On the international, Michael, to your question on international, the vast majority of those subscribers are Discovery+. So it's a – and if you add in the Eurosport Player, which will convert, it's really vast, vast majority of subscribers. So that's number one. Number two, on India, look, it's been a nice business. It's grown for us nicely. But it remains, in terms of, obviously, the logical questions of that being a lower ARPU market, it is a – it remains a small piece of the overall, kind of, single digit level percentage of our international portfolio today. So it's a nice – it's grown nicely, but it remains a smaller part of the overall international subscriber story.
Michael Morris: And JB, just to be clear that I'm trying to reconcile the 5 million subs and the part that you said the vast majority were Discovery+, I guess, are you seeing the majority of the 5 million that you guys discussed in December converted to become Discovery+ or more than half of those 5 million?
JB Perrette: Correct, correct.
Michael Morris: Okay. Okay, that's great. Thank you very much for that. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the question-and-answer session for today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, this now concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing-by and welcome to the Discovery Inc' Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery's Q3 earnings call. Joining me today are; David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, please feel free to access it on our website at www.corporate.discovery.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we will open the call to take questions. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our Q3 earnings call. I'm pleased to report another very strong quarter and set of operating results even amidst continued challenges from COVID and market uncertainty. Discovery continues its strong, steady and stable operating performance despite the secular challenges across the industry. Discovery remains uniquely constructed to navigate and grow during this time of uncertainty, disruption and accelerated change. Our core strategic advantages differentiate Discovery and give the company a distinct lane in which to attract audiences and drive success. Discovery is the leader across multiple popular family-friendly verticals with universal appeal, anchored by brands and personalities that resonate globally and help people curate. We own and control the vast majority of our content, almost all of which is unencumbered across all regions and platforms. We're above the globe. And we are able to monetize our content across one of the broadest global footprints in the industry, across traditional linear ecosystems, including both free-to-air and pay-TV, as well as direct-to-consumer streaming platforms. These advantages, coupled with a flexible, low-cost production model, give Discovery a super efficient programming and content model that drive industry-leading operating margins and free cash flow conversion. We are a free cash flow machine that supports our ability to invest in strategic, high-growth next-gen opportunities. Our plans for an aggregated direct-to-consumer offerings have come into clear focus, and we look forward to providing a look at our product, road map and go-to-market strategy in early December. We believe you will come away as enthusiastic as we are about where we are going with our global direct-to-consumer streaming strategy. As you know, the cornerstone of Discovery strategy has always been and will continue to be nourishing, entertaining and delighting our fans around the globe, with programming anchored by personalities that are recognized, trusted and loved, across durable genres and verticals that connect directly with viewers. Our content and beloved brands are more resilient today than ever before. You see that in that the viewership scale that we've achieved globally has increased significantly over the last six-plus months. The global pandemic has refocused all of us on what matters most: the people, family and friends in our lives. A reordering of priorities and interest in content that is positive, safe and enriching. Our brands, personalities and content are a magnet for those seeking comfort and familiarity during a time of great unease and uncertainty all over the world. In many respects, we are seeing this play out with our audiences in a meaningful way, everywhere around the globe and our content and genres fits squarely into this moment. To that point, our share of viewing, both in the U. S. and across most key international markets are up substantially. In the U.S., we have gained the most share among prime time TV viewers, 18 to 49, year-to-date, growing by 130 basis points. And in the third quarter, even during a heavy news cycle, we have grown share by 150 basis points, as viewers 18 to 49 are turning to our Discovery channels. In fact, our top network, TLC beat every one of the cable news nets in the third quarter. Internationally, we achieved our fifth consecutive quarter of year-over-year share growth, up 5% in the third quarter. While our audience increased 10% year-over-year, outpacing put level growth, another positive sign for the popularity and durability of our content categories and brands around the world. In terms of commercial success, behind the firming advertising marketplace around the globe, we have posted healthy sequential improvement, again, in our advertising revenue growth, which, while still negative year-over-year, is showing demonstrable improvement around the world. We have seen advertising partners resurface around the globe. And as measured by our performance in the recent upfront market here in the U.S., we are very encouraged. With respect to the upfront, now that it is wrapped, I'm proud of what our team has accomplished. We were methodical, confidence in the popularity of our brands and demand for our categories, we held firm in our assessment of our deliverables, and I believe we took another big step forward toward achieving fair value for our reach and engagement, resulting in continued growth in share of wallet. We've seen great momentum from what we refer to as our premier product, which is really breaking out. We offer advertisers an unduplicated broadcast equivalent reach across our portfolio, at a far more competitive CPM than broadcast and a very significant premium to even our highest realized CPMs on our individual networks. It's a win-win. Gunnar will take you through Q3, on our outlook, but we remain confident that as we return to a more normalized operating environment, television will continue to demonstrate its value and importance within the media ecosystem. And perhaps, even more so now, given the increasing fragmentation in viewing patterns and difficulty in reaching eyeballs. With regards to distribution, we continue to hold our own, a reflection of the value we bring to the table. In environment where many of our peers are being priced down aggressively at or tier, we grew modestly in the U.S., helped by recent renewals. And I'm pleased to note that just recently we completed mutually beneficial renewals with Mediacom and NCTC. Those deals are on top of the positive deals we concluded early in the year with Comcast, Charter and Cox. And very soon, we look forward to addressing the many homes in the country that currently do not receive our content. The narrative is similar, if not a bit more advanced internationally, where we have begun to lean in more intently directly to consumers. In markets like Norway, Sweden and the U.K., we have entered into win-win deals with distributors, hybrid partnerships that expand our long-standing linear distribution relationships to also include B2B2C, with additional flexibility to go directly to the consumers ourselves. Our new direct-to-consumer partnership with Sky in the U.K. exemplifies this approach, where they will offer our U.K.-based aggregated product, Discovery+, to their millions of SkyQ customers starting this month. It's early days, no doubt. But given our share of market, which in certain regions is north of 30%, and secured by highly valued local content, we are optimistic that the path we are on will address the opportunities that are surfacing from evolving consumption patterns around the globe. We remain well positioned strategically, operationally and financially to advance and further refine our direct-to-consumer approach. Our management team has evolved under strong technology, product and content leadership, and we have a definitive path to drive engagement and scale, an unparalleled library of loved brands and personality driven content, which will support a roster of exclusive and windowed content, all culminating in a platform that is global in focus and local in appeal. It's a critical time for our company and our leadership team. And I look forward to sharing more about why we are so enthused for the next chapter of Discovery in early December. With that, let me turn it over to Gunnar to take you through the quarter and a financial update.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Nine months into the global pandemic and the macroeconomic fallout resulting from it, I am very pleased with our performance and the command and control we have demonstrated over our business despite the uncertainties that exist here in the U.S. and around the globe. We continue to be laser-focused on efficiency across our global cost footprint and reallocating capital to higher growth next-generation initiatives. We are also proud that we have been able to return nearly $230 million to shareholders through our share repurchase plan in the third quarter, for which we noted we would allocate approximately 50% of our free cash flow. This amount represents essentially just that from the time we reengage in our program. Turning to our third quarter results, and starting with U.S. networks. Advertising revenues decreased 8% year-over-year. This was largely a result of COVID-related weakness in demand as well as continued declines in pay-TV subscribers leading to lower universe estimates. We were, however, helped by healthier scatter CPMs in the quarter, which were up high single-digits year-over-year. Distribution revenues increased 2% year-over-year as affiliate rate growth offset subscriber declines. Subscribers to our core fully distributed networks, which account for nearly 80% of our distribution revenues, declined by 4%, while our total portfolio subscribers declined by 6%. You'll note this is a slightly lower decline than in previous quarters as we benefited from additional distribution of certain networks as a result of our recent renewals as well as continued strength from virtual MVPDs, but we remain well distributed across the many operators. As David noted, we are pleased to have recently completed additional distribution renewals with NCTC and Mediacom. Now, turning to international networks, which I will discuss on a constant currency basis. International advertising revenues decreased 9% year-over-year, led primarily by sequentially stronger advertising momentum in many of our key European markets. Indeed, markets such as the U.K., Germany, Spain, and Finland, all finished with positive year-over-year growth for the quarter. Our European region was down high single-digits in the third quarter. In Latin America, while key markets appear to have bottomed and trends have sequentially improved, the overall region's recovery will likely follow an uneven path. And the Asia-Pacific region, our smallest, was approximately flat year-over-year during the quarter, with some markets now generating positive year-over-year advertising growth. International distribution revenues decreased 4% year-over-year. Like last quarter, Bundesliga was a modest headwind to year-over-year growth. Additionally, our schedule of sporting events is condensed while a number of events that have been delayed still have not aired, which obviously impact subscription revenues as well as advertising revenue. Finally, we are seeing a modest pickup in churn from the more economically sensitive segments of the pay-TV ecosystem in Latin America, primarily from subscribers who are delinquent on payments and are no longer being reported by distributors. We expect this to be more COVID-related and the shorter-term disruption. I'd also like to offer an update on ad sales for the fourth quarter. October has been strong by this year's standards, with domestic ad sales roughly flat and international ad sales down just slightly. This may not be a trend we would necessarily extrapolate, however, for the full quarter, given, number one, some tailwinds from political advertising in the U.S. in October; and number two, risks from rising COVID case numbers globally and beginning government countermeasures, especially in Europe, which pose risks at the back end of the current quarter. That said, we are confident to see sequential improvement in the fourth quarter versus Q3 again. Total operating expenses for the quarter were up 2% ex-FX. Cost of revenues were up 7% ex-FX, largely due to sports, given the number of postponed events from the first half of the year, like the French Open and the Tour de France, which were rescheduled into the third quarter. Q4 should look like Q3 from a content ramp perspective from both linear as well as direct-to-consumer, where we also increase our investment in sports initiatives like Allsvenskan in Sweden, which is primarily available as a premium tier on Dplay. Furthermore, content production is almost back to normal, with only 10% of our current production still paused, primarily due to travel or local restrictions. Total SG&A decreased 6% ex-FX, behind reduced marketing and travel and entertainment spend. Year-to-date, total operating expenses are down 2% ex-FX, and we remain on track for total operating expenses to be flat ex-FX for the full year. Moreover, we continue to expect the total operating expenses for our traditional linear business will be down mid-to-high single digits year-over-year ex-FX, with the savings reinvested in our next-generation initiatives. During the third quarter, we recognized the deferred tax benefit in the U.K. and a benefit from a favorable multiyear state resolution. Year-to-date, our effective book tax rate is 21%. For the full year, we expect an effective tax rate in the low 20% range. GAAP diluted EPS increased 26% to $0.44 per share due to the above mentioned tax benefit this quarter versus a tax expense in the prior year quarter, as well as a goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge taken in Q3 2019 related to our Asia Pacific region. Adjusted EPS, on the other hand, decreased 7% to $0.81 per share. Now turning to free cash flow. Free cash flow decreased 11% in the third quarter, largely due to COVID related weakness to revenue and OBIDA. For the trailing 12-month period at the end of the third quarter, free cash flow was $3 billion again, a testament to our free cash flow generation capabilities and our continuing focus on extracting efficiencies even amid the most tumultuous macroeconomic backdrop in the history of the company. As a reminder, we faced an unusually difficult free cash flow comparison in the fourth quarter, where we converted over 100% of our Q4 AOIBDA to free cash flow last year and increased cash content spend in the fourth quarter of this year as we return to more normalized production levels. Our balance sheet and liquidity profile remains healthy as we ended the quarter with net leverage of 3.3 times at the midpoint of our target leverage ratio with $1.9 billion of cash on hand and including $250 million of short-term investments and an undrawn $2.5 billion revolver. Furthermore, during the quarter, we executed a debt exchange, which pushed our weighted average debt maturities to roughly 15 years and lowered our cost of debt to 4%. Finally, FX was an approximate $15 million tailwind on revenues and around $15 million headwind on AOIBDA. For the fourth quarter, we expect foreign exchange impact to revenues to be a $5 million tailwind and a $15 million headwind on AOIBDA. Lastly, as we head into the final weeks of the year and prepare for 2021, I am encouraged by Discovery's position in the media landscape, even in the face of macroeconomic and secular challenges ahead globally. I believe our solid financial footing will enable us to weather the macroeconomic storm while supporting our strategic initiatives to meet the secular challenges head-on. We remain very enthused and excited about our strategic pivot and the news that we plan to share with you in the coming weeks. Now David and I are happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. Good morning, everyone. David – one for David, one for Gunnar. David, the T-Mobile re-launch of a streaming Live TV service was certainly interesting, and you talked on this call about distribution being relatively broad on all platforms. With the Discovery networks and the stand-alone $10 a month vibe service separate from a new sports focus, $40 bundle of channels. Can you talk about the strategy there? And then whether this would be – would allow other distributors to pursue a similar strategy? And then for Gunnar, just hoping for an update. I know you gave the cost investment in digital initiatives. But not the revenue – I was just hoping for an update where 2020 is shaping out in terms of losses on the digital investments? And what's the path forward from here to 2021 and beyond for that? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Great. Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone. We were very surprised with how T-Mobile decided that they were going to bundle our networks, particularly because we have a clear agreement where our networks are required to be carried on all their basic tiers OTT offerings. So let's just characterize it this way. We're in active discussions with them to quickly resolve that issue. We don't believe they have the right to do what they're doing right now. And they know, it's very clear to them, and they're focused on it.
Doug Mitchelson: Okay. That's interesting.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay, Doug and on revenues and losses from the -- from our next-generation initiatives, remember, we started the year with a guidance of $1 billion-plus in revenue and losses of roughly $600 million. We've obviously pulled that. But -- what I can say is that, we have continued to enjoy some revenue growth.  All of our numbers include contributions from our direct-to-consumer portfolio, obviously not at the level that we originally envisaged, but we're very pleased with the progress. We've also reduced some of the investments, but continued prioritizing the strategic build-out of the portfolio. So we still expect a slightly increased investment number here for the year and we'll say more later. And also for 2021, it's a little bit too early. But again, we're fully committed to the Discovery future in the direct-to-consumer space, and we'll make all efforts to support that.
Doug Mitchelson: David, if you mind me following up, because you did mention that you had a lot of the cable deals done this year. Have you already sort of – do you have line of sight on partnerships for the launch of your OTT service in the United States? In other words, is the distribution partnership and already wrapped up or well enough underway that you have line of sight and visibility, or is there more to do there before you're really ready to launch that service?
David Zaslav: We're going to go into real detail. We're going to do an extensive discussion with full disclosure in early December, which we're super excited about, where we'll take you through in every category, where we're going, how we're going, why we think we're advantaged, how globally we think we can attack it, who's helping us. We have been -- the whole company has been focused on this. So I'd like to -- it's in early December, we'll come out with the whole package. I think you'll like it very much. We've had the benefit of being at this for a very long time, direct-to-consumer around the world in different ways. We've learned a ton. We see areas where it's really working and why it's working. And so, what you'll see will be the benefit of all of that. And as you know, as we announced at our last call, and as you saw, as we talked about this morning already, we certainly recognize the value of having distributors, multiple distributors, multiple distributors supporting. And distributors have recognized the value of having unique content that helps their platforms. And a good example of that is Sky, as well as multiple distributors across Europe that we've already announced that will be helping us. Just one other point. We've had a really strong year on this issue of how do we get great content to people, engage them in our brands, grow our viewership. And it's really reflected in the fact that we've been able to get all of our affiliate deals done this year. Here in the U.S. with some of the -- some great distributors, large distributors with very strong pricing with all of our channels being carried. And it's a great deal, really, for both of us, because we're way overdelivering, they're selling into our channels. And when you look at the overall package today, the real value here, with so many reruns, it's basically sports news and us. And who knows what's going to happen now with political. But news looks like it could potentially go back to normal, in which case there will be really a big added benefit. But we've been able to get full carriage of all of our channels with big increases. And I think that really reflects the great work and the great IP that we have domestically here in the U.S. and the fact that we're number one for women. We're number two for women, and we have a real broadcast equivalent or higher on many nights than broadcasters. And we'll talk about that later how we're advantaging ourselves on that.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rich Greenfield from LightShed Partners. Your line is open.
Rich Greenfield: Hi. Thanks. A couple of questions. When you think about Discovery Strategy that's coming, I know you're going to announce it soon, but just conceptually, wondering, especially overseas, how does Eurosport fit in? I mean, are you thinking about having -- we've seen companies like Disney create sort of a siloed approach where sports, ESPN+ is separated from Disney+ and Hulu. They kind of have sports separate from everything else. As you go to market, is the thought when you talk about sort of everything Discovery, does that include what you're doing in sports overseas or are you thinking about that as a separate product? And then two, you made comments in the Q2 release, you talked about how abandonment of some MVPD deals put pressure on subscription revenue, because you sort of prepare yourselves for D2C. It sounds like from your commentary that, that's expanding, and there's more markets that we're playing in beyond the Nordics, that we're playing into that pressure this quarter. Could you just help us understand sort of where you're making those decisions to sort of sacrifice short-term affiliate revenue to position yourself better overseas for D2C?
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Rich. Well, first, we're the leader in sports in Europe, and we're the leader with local IP. And the real advantage that we think we have, and we'll get into more detail in December, is you have mostly big U.S. services with a little bit of local. And we have dramatic local, local entertainment. We have all of our brands and cable content in language in 200 countries. And all throughout Europe, we have local sports. And we do have, as you know, some other local sport like the PGA. But one of the great things about this company, because we're in 200 countries, we have the ability, like we did in Denmark, to say, hey, we might be able to take one step back and two forward, how would it work if we opportunistically take all of our local content, all of our local sport and go-to-market? And what does it look like? And what is our SAP? And who will work with us? And how quickly can we sail? And so when we talk to you in December, we have a lot of learnings on what's worked and what hasn't. There are – when we can take one step back and we think that we have the goods to go two steps forward, we're now basing it on metrics and our knowledge. We think we can do too. We think we really have a free cash flow machine that will continue for a very long period of time to generate real return with great margins, but then we'll be investing thoughtfully and knowledgeably above the globe with our – we've been holding our global content to go at it. And now we're going to go out it in a way that we think is quite unique, and I've said it for a long time, local content, all of our existing genre is local and looking at this opportunity to add local sport. And in some cases, it could also be local news. It's a big differentiator for us. Everybody else is looking at going above the globe or even expanding into other countries, and they're facing two issues. One, holy cow, I don't own any of my content outside the U.S., what do I do now? So do I go buy it back? Do I wait to create it? Now it's going to take so much longer to create. So that's a real issue. We don't have that issue. And we have an extensive library as well as this – the real local element. So I think as you look at all the other players, great players in the marketplace, they're at a huge disadvantage here, and we think we're at a very significant advantage and so we're going to play into that, and we're going to play into it hard.
Rich Greenfield: Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I have one for David, one for Gunnar. David, on the upfront, I know the story was that you guys definitely held out for more pricing. I wonder, can you talk a bit about what you actually achieved what you actually achieved you talk a bit about on the pricing side? How much inventory would – did you sell versus the past? And just when you look at your premium product in terms of the best pricing versus broadcast, how far is that gap? And do you think it meaningfully close this upfront? And then for Gunnar, I know we're gaining from Investor Day sometime in December, but just thematically, how do you think about working capital in a more DTC world? Do you – do you think anything changes within the business model where you maybe will invest more in content and amortize it? But just give me a sense of maybe the impact on cash flow as you build out more DTC products globally? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. Well, look, I think a number of things worked our way. Our content certainly has a real familiarity and comfort. Our characters, our brands and we're back to 90% of production, and we were producing content throughout the whole pandemic. So – we were shooting a lot of it at much lower prices. We found that doing authentic content with Joanna Gaines or with Guy Fieri or with Mike Rowe in their house, that all really worked for us. And what – the net of it was when we went into the upfront, our share was significantly up. We're the only player now, the Scripps deal and the fact that we've really invested in our content significantly, when others haven't over the last couple of years, our share is just growing and growing. And right now, what we put together is not just broadcast equivalent, but we're higher very often than most of the broadcasters, if not number one, on many nights with an unduplicated reach that when an advertiser looks at us, they say, wow, we're reaching a better. And now the broadcasters or the traditional broadcasters either haven't been investing or they can't invest now and so we have fresh content. And so when we looked at it, we said there really is a win here. We did -- I believe we -- I know we did better than everyone, but it's more than that. Our CPMs have been kicking up, but maybe we get an extra couple of points. We established this Discovery Premier Package. And in those cases, we're charging dramatically more. So the broadcasters are 60, 62, 64. And we're in the 40s, the high 40s, the mid-40s, the low 40s, and we go up 50%, but we have better reach with more original content with more engagement. And we found that really the ability to reach women with us and the engagement and the brands and the brand affinity. So I think we degrade on the upfront much better than we've ever done. I think we established all the work we've done over the last 3 years of saying, here's what we are, here's why we're more valuable. In the long run, there's an argument that we should flip, if the broadcasters are running mostly rerun content and we have original content, then why should they be in the 60s and we be in the 20s. If the package – the core to the package is sports news and us and we can provide consistent and reliable original content with high engagement, why shouldn't we be in the 60s and they drop. Eventually -- so I think we're really pushing this issue of and getting a lot of traction that it's a real win-win. And I think John Stein Loff gets a lot of credit. We've been working on this for a couple of years, and we're really breaking through. So -- and we see it in scatter. We see it in scatter a lot of strength because we have a lot of original content, and we have a lot of momentum.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. And Michael, the -- on your free cash flow and working capital question. Two things; working capital, I think the direct-to-consumer business in and of itself is a little more beneficial because you get paid upfront by your consumers directly as opposed to the TV cash cycle, which, as you well know, includes some very long payment terms with the traditional business partners. So that's a positive. From a higher level for the free cash flow overall, obviously, any start-up business, any growth business has upfront investments as we're building scale to monetize the structure that in place upfront. So -- but as you know, we've been working on this for 2 years, very pleased with the progress of the technology and platform. So that's an area where we have a bit of a head start. We've also been hiring personnel. We've been producing content. As you know, the big swing factor sand the big variable factor for any future expansion is really subscriber acquisition costs. And here, we will be willing to get behind anything that's really successful from a customer lifetime value perspective. And clearly, there is a lot of variability in there, and there's also a little bit of the more successful you are, the more growth potential and growth you're seeing, the more you're spending against it. But again, if you take a step back, I'm very, very, very confident in this company's ability to generate free cash flow and investing in our own organic growth is our number one priority. So we'd be willing to get behind that.
Michael Nathanson: Right. It doesn't sound like -- we look at other companies pivots, the cash flow has been really, really consumed by the pivot, but it sounds like this is more manageable for you, given the investments you've made so far?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: That, plus -- again, I mean, we've been saying this all along. We're also just operating in a very efficient model with our global --really global footprint, the platform in place and very efficient content genres. So, yes, we should be better off than others.
David Zaslav: And we think, interestingly, that this grand experiment of -- that we're all unfortunately going through here with the pandemic and operating remotely, we learned a lot. And we've also learned on the content side, how we could produce content for less, how that content can be more engaging and more compelling, how do we produce content, the fact that we're 90% back in production. And in the overall cost of our company, we think that there's real opportunity and you saw -- you see it in the numbers, you're going to see it further. It's revealed real opportunities for us to continue to reduce costs in way -- that’s ways that shouldn't affect performance or investment in content. Investment in content in the context of having the amount of original content that we need. We may be able to reduce investment, because we could produce for cheaper and use that investment as we pivot to substantial exclusive content for our global platform, direct-to-consumer.
Michael Nathanson: All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. And just a couple of questions. First, you've been really aggressive on the cost side. It's obvious from these numbers as well. But you've seen maybe under the cover of COVID or just because the industry is transforming, you've seen a number of media companies announcing really significant reorganizations over the last couple of months. How do you think about the structure for Discovery? Is there room to continue to -- how are you thinking about that? And then separately, David, you mentioned the Sky direct-to-consumer offer, which we believe is a rebrand of Dplay of Discovery+ in the U.K. and Ireland, and you've added a subscription tier. What's the rationale for rebranding the service? And how did you decide in that GBP 499 price point?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Thanks so much, Jessica. There has been a lot of restructuring, and I think that's a certain strategy of viewing all IP is one set of IP. IP is IP is IP. We don't believe that. We have a team that produces food content. We have a team that produces crime content. We have a team that produces natural history content at Discovery. And we think we've got the best teams. They understand the brands. They also know the best producers. We have the best producers engaged. We own a lot of the production companies with Mike Fries with all three. And we think this idea of continuing to invest in great creative people, great content and having them understand a lane better than anybody else, the idea of producing -- HG right now has never been stronger. Kathleen Finch is one of the best creators I've ever worked with, and she's got a great team. The idea of dismantling that team and saying, 'okay, let's just produce shows.' I think that may be good for cost, and it may work out if you're just doing broad entertainment and you're taking pitches. But for us -- it's working for us. And I think it's going to really drive -- continue to drive this -- the 2 engines that we have. One is our existing platforms. Outside the U.S., we're seeing some real strength in the traditional ecosystem. And our share is growing, and we're doing very well, and we're generating massive free cash flow domestically and internationally. So we're not running from that. We think we're going to be able to get better pricing, as I've said, we're getting more share. If news calms down, we get -- we may get a lot more. And as these other companies decide, you know what, let's kind of -- let's move away from this platform. I think more and more people are going to what's really sticky and consumers could see where people are investing. And so I think that we're going to get a real benefit from that. Having said that, I think we can save a lot of money, but we're not going to do it in the area of content and – because it's going to pay off on both. The great content that we can create, we're learning a lot about what people want so badly that they'll pay for it. And how do we create and where do we put content. We'll make those same decisions. And we'll talk about that in December. And we've been at that now for a very long time, quietly. But we think great content is what our company is about and owning it globally, that is what Discovery is and that's what we're a global IP company. And we're not a distribution company. And so it's not a sidecar for us. It's what we do for a living. We'll talk in December about what we're doing. You can get a little bit of a hint of it in -- with Sky. We think that a global platform that we can promote on our 10 to 12 channels, free-to-air and cable around the world, that we could have a mix of content that's truly unique with huge scale is going to pay a big benefit for us and will differentiate us locally and globally. And Sky is just a piece of that strategy and we'll explain more of it in December.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Can I just ask one follow-up...
Gunnar Wiedenfels: The only thing I would add, David -- Jessica, maybe less publicly, but clearly, since the closing of the Scripps merger, we have done some pretty significant reorganizations that have helped us achieve the performance that we have, and we feel very good, but it's been -- there's been a lot going on.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: You've clearly cut cost, not even a question. And then just to follow-up on what David just said and everyone's trying to come at it from different ways. But we know that you're going to talk to us in December about the strategy, but on a higher level, can you give any color on how you're thinking about SVOD versus AVOD or a hybrid strategy?
David Zaslav: Well, we're in the AVOD business here in the U.S. with our Go product. We'll talk to you a little bit more in December about that. It's going -- that has gone very, very well for us. We've been in the market with advertisers with the upfront with that product. We think we're going to improve that product in many ways, significantly, that will have some real opportunity for us. Ultimately, I think that getting – we need to get our content in front of everyone, everywhere in the world, but we'll take you through what that balance is and which piece of that we're going to go at hard. We've thought about it a lot. We've already been added a lot. And we'll give you the detail in the back-up in early December.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Kutgun Maral from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Kutgun Maral: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about U.S. affiliate revenue trends, between the pricing visibility you have following your recent renewals, potential upside from the new bundles, like the entertainment only tier on T-Mobile's TVision and with what appears to finally be some relief on the pay-TV sub decline trends, how are you thinking about the sustainability of the recent affiliate revenue strength, looking out to the medium term, perhaps into 2021? And just on T-Mobile, I thought your commentary over there was pretty interesting. It sounds like there's some friction with how programming lineups ended shaping up. But one could argue that the entertainment only tier was a major win for you. So I'm just trying to first better understand that relationship. And second, see if you think we'll see further changes to how linear bundles are structured as you lean into your DTC strategy? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks so much. Well, look, we were encouraged by Tom Rutledge's performance. I mean it's pretty compelling. He's running a hell of a company, and the beneficiary is the country, getting more access to broadband and turning the corner on cable subs, Comcast had a very good quarter. So it feels like sports was off the platform. We were in the middle of a tough pandemic. People were maybe saying, what, let me go buy Netflix, maybe that's been enough. It's hard to predict these things. The good news for us is we're on all platforms and we probably have the best carriage in terms of skinny bundles. Our content has never been stronger. Our scale has never been higher. And we've done very well in all of our renewals and getting everything carried. And so, what looks like, it may be a stabilization is very good for us. On T-Mobile, I think I've said enough. In the end, our stuff is carried on the broad platforms and then it is good for us. If in addition to that, someone wants to take the great content that we have and offer it in a smaller bundle for less money, that's good, but not that way.
Kutgun Maral: Understood. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Morris from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Michael Morris: Thank you, guys. Good morning. Two questions for me. First, I'm curious how you're thinking about the implications of an increasing amount of peer content on these free ad-supported over-the-top services? Do you think that populating those is creating sort of a growing threat to maybe the existing economic model? And as you think about your products going forward, just how you think of the balance of having your own controlled app environment versus selling your branded content to third parties like Pluto or Tubi, Roku Channel, guys like that? And then second, maybe just a little bit more specific on the investment and content going forward, particularly into the D2C launch. Are you expecting a meaningful step-up in your cash spend into 2021 to support the product portfolio? And you talk about the value of the library and how that can support you. Maybe how -- is there a way to quantify how much that library, that deep library you have to benefit you in terms of how much content you're able to serve to consumers? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Thanks a lot, Michael. Look, there is a lot of peer -- there is a lot of content out there, AVOD, SVOD. The good news is that there seems to be a big appetite. One of the challenges is, is curation. The idea of, hey, here's more and here's more free. I think in the end, people don't just want more stuff. They want stuff they know, they want stuff they love and they need to be able to curate it. I think that that Iger has been quite clever. In some ways, it's a little bit retro, but it's quite clever in -- with the very successful Disney+. If you look at it, I'm an old cable guy and when people watch cable, it works because of curation, everyone has their favorite 6 channels. There may be 200, but everyone has their favorite 6. When you look at Disney, you see those handles. You see Marvel, you see Star Wars, you see Disney Family. It's very clever. They're always together, and it says in a blaring light.  We're not just a whole lot of stuff. Those are handles where you can come in and see the stuff you love. And it's almost like those are the 5 channels. And so it's quite compelling. I think the challenge the marketplace is having is, there's just a huge amount of content that's the same, movies and scripted, and they're kind of yelling above each other, ' hey, I got this new series.' Well, it's hard. Here it is, here's what it's about, here's who it's starring. And so in some ways, I think it's very good for us that the marketplace is getting driven with a huge amount of dollars and people are getting more and more used to paying and going to content and consuming it on all platforms. That's really good for us. I think what's even better for us is that, all that stuff looks the same. And it's very expensive to market. You have to explain what the series is about, who's in it, why they should want to see it. They already have all this other stuff that looks a lot like it. So we'll take you through it, but we think that our library, we sell very little, we've been holding our content for this moment for a long time and we're going to go very well with everyone. We're going to look very different than everyone. And when people see our brands and our characters, they're going to know very well, who we are and whether they like us and whether we have real value. And I think there'll be a lot of comfort in looking at us and that's saying, ' Oh, no, another 50,000 hours of content.' They look at us and go, I think that's the stuff I love. And we'll talk to you more about it in December.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Michael, from the perspective of the content cost or investment development, again, for -- it's too early for guidance for 2021. What I will say is, we are willing to get behind an investment, if we see a strong ROI for us as we have in the past. But that said, to your point, there is a lot of value in our library, and not only the library, but also the current content output in our traditional ecosystem that's already existing 8,000 hours a year that, obviously, any new product could tap into as well. So again, as I said earlier, I think our profile will always look better with less cash burn than what others are may be able to do.
David Zaslav: We're just -- we just take a look at what we have when we've been holding on to it. And this idea that you can sell your content outside the U. S., you could sell some of your best stuff to other players and still do well, you could sell some of your best stuff to 3 other players and then come out with what's remaining of that and do well or have your stuff be nonexclusive because a lot of other people have it. Those strategies make turn out to be good. You certainly make more near-term money. But we think it's dilutive and it's confusing.
Michael Morris: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays. Your line is open. 
David Joyce: This is David Joyce for Kannan. Your advertising front, you were ahead of expectations in the quarter. Could you provide any context on what the digital strategies have done for you there from the Discovery Go Apps or from your targeted advertising efforts? And also wondering what that opportunity set is going forward? Is that opening up the advertiser base for you? And then just one final thing on the upfronts, given the timing shift and the advertisers tending to seek for a calendar upfront, is there any structural implications for moving to that calendar upfront from the broadcast? Thank you. 
David Zaslav: Thanks, David. We are doing very well on the digital side and our pricing is very good. We've been taking those dollars on go, and it's been strong. We'll talk to you more in December about how we think we could take more advantage of that. October -- as we said, October was flat, November feels good. And I think unlike maybe many of the others, we did have some political, but it wasn't in the top 5 of our advertising. I think we've been doing well because we're a lot more confident on what we have in the marketplace and the value that we present. And we've been doing very well in scatter on pricing. We expect that to continue. And we've been -- we are forming this alliance with many of the advertising agencies that are looking at the restructuring and saying, who's still doing a lot of original content that's dependable on this platform, where is the engagement and what's the pricing. And so I feel like we're breaking through on that. And on the upfront, the upfront was very healthy for us. There was some talk about the upfront really changing dramatically. I think there will be a calendar upfront, but the upfront was quite healthy.
David Joyce: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 
Steven Cahall: Thanks. First, I just wanted to follow-up on question. It sounded like your sub decline improvements were more idiosyncratic than industry, and we've certainly seen some MVPD recent reports looking a little better. So just wondering if everything is equal, going ahead, we would have even further improvements in your universe sub declines, just driven by some of that MVPD improvement? And then relatedly, we've definitely had questions about whether or not you've got unusual amount of pricing lift this year with these new renewals. So just wondering if you could comment on whether that's correct or whether the kind of 2% we're seeing now is more like a decent run rate for domestic affiliates going forward? And then just on the DTC side, I know there's a lot that's going to come in December. GOLFTV is a product that's already in the market. So I was wondering if you could give us an update on how GOLFTV has performed so far this year. I think you launched it in a couple of new markets? Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Steve, let me start with the 2 affiliate questions. Again, I don't want to speculate about some trends. Again, we're happy to see a slightly better number this quarter. I certainly hope that might be the case for a while, but it's really not in our control. What is in our control is the degree of carriage that we're getting. And as David said, and all the recent renewals, we've been getting very good results here. So there were some talk in the market about potentially getting tiered or losing carriage for networks, none of that has happened. And again, we closed two more deals today in this quarter that we talked about today. And if you look at our reported numbers, you see the 2% growth, 4% sub declines on the core net. So you can kind of do the math of what our underlying economics are. And as we've said, previously, we're very pleased with the deals that we closed this year that are supportive for this environment.
David Zaslav: One point on the -- there's always a balance when you do these deals. We're pretty well protected and which is our benefit and the distributors benefit that were carried on all tiers, that were carried broadly. And we may have -- even though we got significant increases on all of our deals, maybe we could have gotten a little bit more. But in the end, from our perspective, getting that full protection, and I think that, that was also something that was easy for the distributor to give. On GolfTV, between golf and cycling and the Eurosport player, we've been gathering data and information. We also have a lot of these other niche products that we've been offering. We'll talk to you in December about what we've learned, how we think what we've learned and where we're really accelerating and where we're finding it a little hotter and the balance with some of these platforms with AVOD, where people come in and can spend a lot of time and then versus -- and then have another tier where they pay on some products like some of the niche products that we have. And whether niche, really in the long-term, is with some, it might make sense, with others, we might be better off putting it all together and having a very unique offering. And we'll talk to you about what we've learned about that and why we have this aggressive strategy that we're taking global in -- that we'll talk to you about in December.
Steven Cahall: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our final question from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. David, I guess just to wrap up on D2C and, again, I know you want to save most of this for December. But one of the things that has clearly been a point of tension in the market with your distributors is launching a product that might compete with what they sell. I'm just wondering, if we're sort of past that now? And if you look at, obviously, CBS All access has been in the market for a while, it's a pretty direct competitor with CBS network, AMC Plus launch recently. Do you think we're beyond that issue with your distributors? And now there's much more alignment? And secondly, the Scripps deal has been so transformative for the company, I'm sure you'd agree, in a variety of ways. And I know there aren't other Scripps out there. But you generate so much cash flow, have balance sheet capacity. I'm just wondering if you think you'll be more active in M&A over the next couple of years, as you build scale? Because it seems like you've got a lot of infrastructure, you have a lot of library content and there aren't going to be 20 global D2C companies, I'm sure you'd agree. So if you're thinking about being more aggressive in that front? Thanks a lot.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Well, I certainly would agree on the Scripps deal. Ken Lowe was brilliant. He's a real entrepreneur. He built HGTV from nothing. He took food which was a free service and enhanced it and invested in it. And he built the hell of a company, with great leadership. We're very lucky. He's still on our Board. He's been a close friend of mine for 30 years. I've learned a ton from him, and he continues to lean in with us, and it's one of the big benefits that we have. We've become 1 company. When we bought it -- when we bought Scripps, we were generating $1.4 billion in free cash flow, they were generating $650 million. And we -- maybe we were $1.3 billion and we said we thought we can get to $1 billion. 18 months later, we had over an incremental $1 billion in free cash flow, and it's been sustained in an aggressive way.  Our share has grown dramatically. We've taken all the great creative leaders that Ken brought, and we took that content and took it around the world, some channels, some on platforms. What it showed was in 18 months, we went from 4.7x leverage to below 3.5x. We -- if the right asset came up, there's nobody that has more synergy than us where in every country. We -- even -- the fact that we have channels in every country, free-to-air and cable, they're not just channels now. They're marketing machines for direct-to-consumer. They're marketing machines for product. And we have infrastructure everywhere. And so what we learned is, we can do it, we can do it quick and we can do it while we're growing our business. Having said that, we have a hell of a global IP company right now. It's hugely differentiated from everyone in the marketplace. The marketplace is behind schedule and getting in feeding their IP. So we've -- we never shut down our IP production. We learned that we could produce for less more authentically during the pandemic. We're back up in business. And we have a hell of a hand right now. And we're competing against a load of players that don't have local, can't expand outside the U.S. until they get local or can't afford to get local and a lot of what the content that they have looks very much like what everyone else has. And when something comes up, they all bid on the next big item. And so we come out with an educated marketplace, very, very differentiated. And with the amount of free cash flow our existing business is generating and growing in market share, with pricing that looks really pretty compelling on the advertiser side because globally, our share and our performance is being recognized, it looks like we got this free cash flow machine that's way outperforming globally. And we got all this IP we've been holding on to and all this IP we've been producing and quietly holding on to. And – so, I don't think we need anything. If something -- there's a lot of people that might say if we come into you, we'd be more diversified. There'd be a huge amount of synergy. But from our perspective, it has to help us grow a lot faster or it has to add IP that we think is going to further differentiate and further scale us. So I think right now, we've got a hell of a hand, and we think -- and when we'll take you through it in December. And when we take it around the globe, we'll see if we're right.
Q – Ben Swinburne: Thanks David.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's call. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Discovery Inc. Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery's Q2 earnings call.  Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.corporate.discovery.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we will open the call to take questions. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q2 earnings conference call. Last quarter we noted that these uncertain times highlight unique competitive advantages that distinguish us from many of our peers, strategically, creatively, operationally, and financially. We benefit from content leadership in core genres that are relevant, popular, and durable, an efficient, low cost content production model with a long tail and global appeal, short production cycles that allow for quick content development, the most international and diverse mix of assets, platforms and brands, and among the most trusted family-friendly brand portfolio that offers safe environments for advertisers. And while our relentless focus on content that nourishes and delights our fans has always been our North Star, its impact couldn't be more significant than it is right now. In a world that offers viewers greater choice than ever before across an increasing array of delivery platforms, an added competition per viewers, time more and more viewers are choosing to spend time with us everywhere around the globe. It's emblematic of our differentiated model. At a time when most broadcasters and networks have been relying on tide repeats and reruns of scripted shows, we brought over 1,000 hours of fresh, original content to our networks since the world's shut down due to COVID. It's been cost effective, creatively shot and produced and well received. In fact, Amy Schumer Learns to Cook, which was shot from home for food network, was nominated for a Primetime Emmy. Of most importantly, our ability to continuously refresh and update our IP further adds to the strategic value of our global IP library. Particularly as we drive our content increasingly direct-to-consumer and its attraction increases to others during a time when nearly all platforms require more and more depth of content to attract, delight and maintain subscribers. Our content is differentiated in the marketplace and is a great consumer compliment to others. The appeal of our IT continues to increase. In the United States this last quarter, even though we do not own a broadcast network, we were the number two portfolio on all of linear TV in total day among our target demos. And we grew our number one share of pay TV. While internationally building off Q1 success we grew a record high share another 4%, despite not having any sports and helped by tailwinds from our global brands, as well as impact of our local contact offerings. The impressive ratings and share narrative couldn't be happening at a more critical time. Particularly as we put finishing touches on bringing an aggregated direct-to-consumer product to the market here in the United States and enhancements to our SVOD offerings like Dplay in many markets around the globe. The details for which we look forward to sharing in the very near future. We believe there exists a great opportunity to reach the growing quadrant of viewers who either don't have access to our brands and content, or want to consume content out of the traditional video ecosystem. And informed by the growing engagement of authenticated and unauthenticated viewers to our GO platform here in the U.S., we remain excited to hit the ground running. Underpinning all of our efforts to the financial model that is super solid, we generated a Q2 record of nearly $900 million of free cash flow. And while some of the growth was driven by timing factors, the performance is emblematic of the efficiency of our model and the resiliency of our cash production. We remain a free cash flow machine. Having ended the quarter with $1.7 billion in cash on our balance sheet, minimum debt due over the next three years and an undrawn $2.5 billion revolver, we have pleased to now resume our equity buybacks at what we believe represent very attractive levels. We are pleased to be able to bring long-term value to our shareholders by investing in our future growth prospects, as well as return capital to shareholders, even in the current environment. We've recently completed important renewals with four major distributors in the first half of 2020 Cox, Charter, Comcast and Sky. And we are pleased with both the value we are receiving and delivering within the traditional distribution ecosystem. We view these renewals as mutually beneficial and help us in efforts to further develop our next generation direct-to-consumer offerings, drawing upon this stability of our distribution profile in linear and increased flexibility for next gen products. Turning to the advertising marketplace, from a high level regarding COVID, it feels like the advertising markets have largely bottomed and the worst is behind us. Though, I would caution that visibility still remains relatively limited. April was a low in the U.S., with a nice recovery in May and June. While internationally with some regions like LATAM, still searching for a bottom we have seen a noticeable return of advertiser spending money against the TV marketplace, where economies have increasingly begun to open, particularly in Europe. In fact, a number of markets in EMEA, such as Poland and Germany, two of our largest and most important advertising markets, are experiencing a much faster recovery than we thought against our internal projections. As I noted, we continue to grow, share internationally, both for the entirety of our international marketplaces, as well as the top ten advertising markets, each up 4%. We saw a particularly strong growth from our locally focused free-to-air channels, notably in Italy with Jio and in the UK with Really and Quest, as well as continued momentum at HG, Food, TLC, Discovery, and DMAX. Our efforts from day one post the Scripts merger to further drive their lifestyle brands around the globe has also proven to be an important element of our share story. This quarter, HG and Food became our number three and number four global brands by audience up 160% and 50% respectively in the quarter, helped in part by continued new channel launches. From a ratings perspective here in the U.S. we were led by TLC, which is the number one network across all of TV on Sunday nights and solidified its position as the number one paid TV network across all of prime time among our target female demos. In fact, TLC delivered the biggest primetime games this quarter for any non-news network among the top 25 pay TV nets. The network is on fire and Howard Lee and his team continue to innovate with content that resonates with audiences around the globe. Overall in 2Q, we owned four top 10 pay TV channels in prime time in P2+ and total viewers, TLC, HG Discovery, and Food, which means that when people weren't watching the news viewers chose to spend time with us. Turning to the upfront, while without a doubt, this is an unusual upfront market. No one has as much momentum as we do. We have fresh content ratings, tailwind, the hottest network for none with TLC and an exciting, clearly anticipated new network soon to launch with the Magnolia Network. All underpinned across verticals that uniquely resonate with advertisers. Collectively, we offer advertisers an even greater reach than our broadcast peers, particularly in the coveted 24 to 54 demo, having out-delivered each of our broadcast competitors on C3, 95% of the nights in Q2. It's quite an accomplishment for Discovery's networks in the aggregate to provide more reach 95% of the time than our broadcast peers. And in addition, we have longer length of view and time spent on our networks. As such, given the glaring discrepancy in CPM pricing, while we have broader reach and delivery, we continue to lean in to package our content, to drive greater share of wallet spend in the upfront and in scatter. And market challenges, notwithstanding this year, I feel our hand has never been stronger than it is right now given the full arsenal and complement of our nets that we have to offer and how well we align with advertisers and brands, particularly when eyeballs are scarce. Thus whether in the upfront or in scatter we work closely with our advertising partners, as we always have to offer real differentiated value, fresh value in the marketplace. Building on niche strength, and as I noted, we couldn't be more excited about our plans for the Magnolia network, which is coming into focus. Chip and Jo are hard at work on 36 originals, 14 of which are already in production. And I truly couldn't be more thrilled that just yesterday; we announced that Fixer Upper is coming back to the light of so many viewers and advertisers, and all the new episodes will be exclusive to our network. We hope to pick-up right where we left off during the final season and astounding 75 million people tuned in including 20 million people on an average weekly basis. As for distribution, we naturally won't be immune from subscriber churn, particularly in cases where it's driven by economic pressures. Though, we remain well-represented maybe the best representation of anyone across the vMVPD landscape in the U.S. where there continue to be pockets of strength, such as from Philo offering a more affordable and detainment only true skinny bundle. In fact, Philo has had great momentum topping 700,000 subscribers, double where they ended 2019. And our recent renewals provide us with a healthy pricing backdrop to help mitigate the revenue impact from subscriber churn. Outside of the traditional bundle, we continued to enhance our portfolio of Global AVOD and SVOD content and lifestyle platforms. Lastly, while there were still a number of COVID related uncertainties that we are addressing head-on, I remain enthusiastic about the strategic course we are on. Behind an increasingly relevant global portfolio of assets and passion verticals and the addressable market opportunities that we see unfolding for our next gen products. Moreover, the financial backdrop that underpins our ability to navigate and invest against these remains on solid footing. I'd like to once again thank our hardworking employees for their dedication and resiliency in this most uncertain time to deliver an outstanding product on a global scale. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Gunnar.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. As David noted, we continue to operate under less than optimal conditions around the globe. However, I remain very pleased with how our organization has adapted and evolved in the face of current uncertainty and limited visibility. The benefits of a dual revenue stream model are apparent, particularly long-term contractual subscriber-based distribution revenues, which I'm pleased to report. We continue to renew with solid pricing and mutually beneficial terms with our partners. This highlights not only the tremendous value of our content on the linear platform, but also supports the evolving nature of how we may reach audiences on a B2C basis. I'm looking forward to discussing our plants with you in greater detail in the near future. And even as we continue to invest to support these initiatives, the efficiency of our operating model has never been more critical or more apparent, while there were some timing related benefits, most importantly from a decreased content spend, particularly on delayed sports events. We achieved our highest free cash flow in the first half here in the company's history. Consequently, over the trailing 12 months period, we have again generated $3.1 billion in free cash flow in an environment when global ad sales were down 11% ex-FX in the first half and down 20% ex-FX in the second quarter. I'll provide some modeling help on the cadence of our free cash flow drivers and content spend specifically shortly. In the U.S. advertising decreased 14% year-over-year in an environment characterized by overall weaker demand stemming from COVID related issues. Though, while demand was weaker, we were able to hold firm on pricing and our overall CPMs for the quarter were up mid-single digits year-over-year. Scatter pricing was solid, up 25% above last year's broadcast upfront. Interestingly, much of the movement of dollars initially out of the upfront commitments and then later bought back into scatter, ultimately return at a higher pricing. Also in a number of cases, we extended that the content length of our shows. We were pleased at primetime delivery across the portfolio was flat year-over-year in our target demo during the second quarter versus the rest of pay-TV down in the mid-teens. As expected, April was the toughest month in the quarter and that present appears to have been the trough with both May and June on average much stronger, week-to-week and even month-to-month, while the trend-line is still slightly irregular, it is indeed pointing in the right direction. To that point and bearing in mind that we haven't closed the books on the month, our latest estimate is that July will be down in the low-teens year-over-year, a sequential improvement over second quarter. That said, with the return of major league sports in the U.S. we may see some shift of ad dollars away from our verticals. Additionally, we continue to remain cautiously optimistic and mindful of the pace of recovery in the U.S. given the resurgence of the pandemic in parts of the country in recent weeks. Distribution revenues increased 7% year-over-year, including a 500 basis points benefit from a non-recurring item. The underlying year-over-year growth rate was 2%; performance was impacted by a 5% decline to our fully distributed networks and 7% declined to the total portfolio, a slight acceleration versus the first quarter, which we had expected as we lapped the YouTube deal during the quarter in April. We continue to foresee subscriber declines for our wholly distributed networks to be more or less in line with industry trends. Now turning to international and note the following commentary is provided on a constant currency basis. International advertising decreased 37% year-over-year, given COVID related demand weakness around the globe. Across the three main international territories Asia-Pac our smallest region began to stabilize towards the end of Q1. EMEA, the largest appears to have bottomed and stabilized during Q2, while LatAm unfortunately may not have bottomed yet. Again, while the level of visibility is still reasonably opaque, we are increasingly encouraged by the pace of recovery in a number of key territories, particularly in EMEA, in countries where COVID has reported to be better under control and steps taken to further open up. We have seen a sequential resumption in the pace of TV advertising. While we still don't know to what extent sports will resume in the second half of the year. Based on our latest estimate, DNI advertising in July is estimated to be down high teen’s year-over-year, with Europe slightly better than that while LatAm is down significantly more. Overall like in the U.S. this points to further sequential improvement in July versus the end of the second quarter. Distribution revenues decrease 2% year-over-year in part impacted by little to no sports programming in the quarter across our various platforms. Eurosport player, GOLFTV and certain premium Dplay tiers as well as the previously noted impact from our more aggressive stance to drive D2C distribution in countries such as Denmark. Worth noting is that we recently exited our agreement with the German Football League for the fourth and final year of the Bundesliga, while beneficial to AOIBDA. Had we not, distribution revenue would have been meaningfully higher this quarter; this comp will exist for the next three quarters. Now turning to costs. Total operating expenses were down 10% year-over-year ex-FX in the second quarter, resulting in AOIBDA margins that were relatively flat. Total cost of revenues declined 12% ex-FX in part due to the timing of sports costs. We recognized very little sports rights costs during the quarter, approximately 35% of what we recognized last year as a result of the shutdowns. Many of the events have been deferred to the second half of the year, rather than being canceled. As such we will be recognizing those expenses as sports resume in what admittedly looks to be a rather condensed schedule in Q3 and Q4. Outside of sports, we realize modest savings across traditional content spend, while continuing to invest in content and rights gear to our next generation initiatives. Overall SG&A decreased 8% ex-FX largely helped by lower marketing spend. As we continue to lean in on our next generation initiatives, we expect marketing spend will begin to take up both to build awareness and for continued performance marketing. T&E was also minimal during the quarter as the vast majority of our employees continue to work from home and travel was virtually stopped. As we continue our office openings around the globe and employees returned to more of a business as usual cadence, inclusive of travel, incremental spend should be expected, though it is reasonable to envision this returns rather slowly. We continue to take the necessary steps to align our overall cost structure with the changes that are taking place within the TV ecosystem. The evolution of the transformation we began in 2018, following our merger with scripts, though as we continue to refine and broaden our next gen strategy savings from our continuing focus on operational efficiencies will primarily be redeployed towards these initiatives. I continue to expect total full year operating expenses to be flat year-over-year on a constant currency basis, slightly lower in the first half, slightly higher in the second half, given the more condensed sports schedule and content investments that I've previously laid out. Keep in mind for modeling purposes, that to the extent, sports do resume in full, we expect to compress nearly an entire calendar year into two quarters at a time when the advertising market though improving in Europe is still in recovery mode. We continue to expect that core business OpEx will be down mid- to high-single digits year-over-year, offsetting the increased spend for growth initiatives. A couple of comments on below-the-line items for the second quarter; first, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 34% primarily due to withholding taxes outside of the U.S. that are calculated for the year and spread evenly across quarters. We expect that the book tax rate will finish the year in the low- to mid-20% range. Second, additionally, in conjunction with the debt that we tendered during the quarter, we recognize the $71 million or $0.08 per share net of tax debt extinguishment charge. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.77 after adding back purchase prices amortization. Excluding the aforementioned debt extinguishment charge, adjusted EPS would have been $0.85 per share in the second quarter versus $1 per share last year on a like-for-like basis. FX was approximately a $14 million drag to revenues and to $15 million to AOIBDA in the second quarter. For the year, based on current rates, we expect FX to have a negative $35 million to $45 million impact on revenues and a negative $25 million to $30 million impact on AOIBDA. Turning to capital allocation. As you may have noticed in our earnings release this morning, we are pleased to announce the resumption of our capital returns to shareholders via our share repurchases were $1.8 billion remain outstanding on our authorization. As per the end of the second quarter, as David mentioned we had $1.7 billion of cash on hand. As a matter of fact, as for the end of July one month into the quarter, that balance has grown to over $2 billion plus of course, $2.5 billion of undrawn revolver commitment and very little debt maturing over the next three years following our successful refinancing measures early in the year. As always, we will be tactical and flexible regarding any repurchases. However, a sensible construct to consider as you think about the cadence of our activity would center around us allocating roughly 50% of our free cash flow to share repurchases for the time being. That said, our overall capital allocation priorities have not changed, which having properly levered the company as reflected by our commitment to investment grade ratings and our 3 times to 3.5 times target net leverage range are to number one, invest in support our core business to drive future growth. Number two; evaluate inorganic growth opportunities, such as strategic M&A if presented with attractive opportunities and where it makes sense; and number three, return residual capital to shareholders. And now with that, I'd like to turn it back to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall: Thanks. So I'd love to talk about the medium term outlook for U.S. affiliate revenue growth in light of some of the accelerating sub-declines. You've had a pretty good kind of industry leading affiliate growth rate. So I was wondering if you could just give sort of the longer term outlook about how you're thinking about your ability to keep getting price on linear deals versus those sub-declines. And then relatedly, a big part of the country now is not subscribing to the linear bundle, so how are you thinking about taking that content kind of more direct to consumer? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Steve. Well, we just did, as we said four big deals, three of them here in the U.S. The good news for us is our content is hugely over-performing. The not so good news for us is that our content is cheap, and so we've been able to get increases. I believe that we should be getting significantly more for our channels. We have the Number 1 channel in America and TLC where we're Number 2 or 3 in America for women. Aside from the news networks, you look at Food, HG, OWN, TLC, ID, our portfolio is extraordinarily strong and growing with characters and brands that people love, and they watch these channels like they watch Fox News all day. And so we're taking that into the upfront, but as we sat down with distributors, they recognize that we're providing huge value. They make a lot of money by selling them. So I expect we'll continue to do quite well in renewals that come in the future, but right now we're very stable and we're very happy about that. So we can get on with getting on. To your second point, which I think is an important one is that there are 30 million subscribers or more, maybe 33 million, that are broadband only. There are a lot of people that want to watch content with no commercials. And there are some strong players out there that have built a great road to this direct-to-consumer business. And we think we can get on that road, Netflix and Amazon and Disney Plus, it was hard work building behaviorally that road of getting people to pay for content and gestationally we're now like in the third or fourth inning, and people are comfortable with that. But those services are all scripted series and scripted movies. Effectively, they built a road and they all have great sports cars; fantastic and they're beautiful scripted series of scripted movies. We have a new SUV. Will be coming to you very soon with more detail and exactly how we're going to roll it out. But our SUV is filled with large fresh content, a huge amount of original content, and it comes at a time when people have been because of quarantine consuming and consuming Netflix and Disney Plus and Amazon, and hey what's on these different AVOD and SVOD services. And they've been picking at him and picking at him and picking at him. And so we think we will launch with a differentiated service, this new SUV, which people will unlike lot of these other products, they'll – this is – it's used, it'll be useful every day, all the time. It'll be dependable all the time and your friends and all the characters that you love, which really differentiates us fit in this new product, this SUV. There's plenty of room for everyone, all the characters that you love, your favorite brands, it'll be a great value, and the most important thing is it's going to be a terrific companion. And we think we got a great lane, it's almost like that lane is ours. If you have Netflix, if you have Disney Plus, if you have Amazon, if you have any video product who wouldn't want what we have, it's what most women in America watching all the time. And then you add to that Discovery, the BBC and all the Planet Earth content, all the environmental and Animal Planet content. So you have the most compelling, high quality content for women and men that people can watch any time. In the background, their favorite characters, their favorite brands, together with the definitive collection, the world book effectively in the science, natural history and environment area. And I think when you put those two together, we pretty great alone, and we're pretty great with everyone else. And the road is there for us, and we'll be giving you a little bit more detail, but we're going to be hitting that road very soon.
Steven Cahall: Sorry. Sounds good. Can't wait to take the SUV offer.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. Let me just add one thing, Gunnar here on the affiliate question. Steve, so, a couple of points I want to make. Number one, as you know, we have a very clean affiliate number, and this is why we point out when there is a sort of special effects like in this quarter. The underlying number is 2%, if you combine that with the 5% sub-decline sort of across the industry, essentially in our main part of the portfolio, then you get to sort of, the implied pricing number, as David said, we're pretty happy about how those deals have gone. No visible trend change here when it comes to pricing. The big factor that we don't control of course is sub-declines. So we'll see how that – how that turns out over time. And then there is going to be an increasing contribution, both in international and the U.S. from D2C subscription revenues, and again, that's a little more difficult to plan out, but you should start assuming some positive contributions over time.
David Zaslav: One more point, Steven, because the focus generally here in the U.S. tends to be the U.S. but we are the Number 1 global media company outside the U.S., leader in sports, leader in our – the aggregate local content that we have in every language. And I just laid out what our strategy is here in the U.S. and we'll be talking to you exactly about when we're coming to market? How we're doing it? Exactly what it looks like, which is very exciting. But outside the U.S. we have a very compelling differentiated strategy as well. Local content, local sports, so Netflix and Disney fantastic services, they're coming over the top, primarily U.S. eventually Netflix has a little bit of local, Disney will have some local, others will do a little bit of local, but we're local content, local sports. So we think that differentiated above the globe attack. Outside the U.S. local language, local sport, very strong, very differentiated. In the U.S. very differentiated, a great companion, great content, great brands, great characters, great original. So we like our hand.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Meghan Durkin: Hi, good morning. This is Meghan Durkin standing in for Doug. I want to see, if you could talk a little bit about the progress with the Food Network Kitchen? Any update on subs post the Amazon promotion. How much is it contributing to advertising? Is there any e-commerce revenue coming in and any learning’s there? And I have a follow-up for Gunnar.
David Zaslav: Great. Great. Thanks. Well, look everything that we've done, we've been in the direct-to-consumer business for the last couple of years with the Eurosport player with deep play, with Food Network Kitchen and each one of them we've learned, we fallen down, we picked ourselves up? What do people like? What do they want more of? How do we create a product that people love month to reduce churn? How do we get partners to help us? Partners to help us is hugely important. Being – having Amazon together with us, built into echo. There's a huge number of people that are on Fire TV, that Amazon is pointing to and driving. How do we get those people to convert to be Food Network Kitchen subs? What does Amazon do? What do we do? How effective can Amazon be as a partner in driving free funnel subs and pay subs, all of that is stuff that we're learning? It's very; it's going to be very helpful to us. Same is true across Europe, as we're getting distributors to align with us and have gotten distributors to align with us in driving our – driving deeply in our direct-to-consumer product. So it's going well, we're learning a ton from it. We get to talk directly to customers. And as we – as we lay, as we roll out our big aggregate attack, it will take you through in the near-term. We’ll at that point, we'll figure out what other details on some of our vertical products will give you.
Meghan Durkin: And then, I’ve a follow up for Gunnar. So you can just give us a little bit more color on exactly where we're going to see the investments flying through the model. Is it going to be U.S., International or combination of both?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. It's going to continue to be a combination of both. I mean, as David said, we're increasingly looking at the U.S. market. So if you look at last year, the majority was hitting international. You should assume that that's going to be a bit more balanced mix this year. Other than that, we had given guidance initially as we went into the year, on our investment levels. I know we have retracted guidance, but we have continued to invest, and I continue to expect us to keep investing at pretty much a similar level as what we originally got into this, roughly $600 million of losses from those new investment activities for the year.
Meghan Durkin: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. Three, four questions. Can you talk about what you're seeing on pay-TV subs outside the U.S. Disney call that out on their earnings call yesterday? Second, on cost you've had amazing cost control, I know Gunnar you said it's flat on a full year basis, but when you look forward, can you parse out how much of these – of the cost containment or decreases and how much is permanent and how much is just deferred cost that you have to spend like T&E and sports? And then finally, David, you mentioned advertising the upfront. Can you talk about the process now and expectations as well? How are you selling differently? You targeting different metrics? Are you doing more addressable advertising and what's the new timeframe for the upfront? Is it the broadcast year, or are you going to a calendar year? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Okay. Why don't I start with the upfront, and then Gunnar, why don't you take the metrics on international and cost control? The upfront would have been over in a normal year, and so it's a bit of a dance, but the market has gotten – has really picked up, it's getting better. I think the, in terms of the upfront, I think we have the best hand. We have original content; we are continuing to produce original content. Most of what you're going to see right now from us is very dependable, a fully engaged audience, and we come with, you know what, on some Sunday nights we get a four – we get over a four or four five on TLCs 90-day alone, with the Number 1 franchise on television. So one is we're way under paid for all of our channels. And we expect that that even at significant increases, we will be a great value because when people look out to the other services, what are they buying? They're buying a lot of reruns. They may be buying sports. They may not be buying sports. We’re the new sports people are coming on every day and watching Food and HG. TLC is the most popular service in women’s 18 to 25, 25 to 54, 18 to 49. So – and the – and HG is the Number 1 channel for women in the aggregate. So if you want to reach women in America, you want to reach them in watching live or close to live. We’re the only place to come. We still have the Number 1 channel for men with real strength with Discovery. And so we got some swagger. We really have some swagger because, we look at the advertising market and we see broadcast charging $65 for CPM and delivering 0.4, we’re delivering 4.5s. And we have historically been relatively cheap. And we think right now, since we're the Number 2 media company in America in what we deliver, and we have the most fresh content and dependable, fresh content going forward that if you want to play, you got to pay. And if you want to reach people, women live, men live and know that you're going to reach them between now and the end of the year at this crazy time, you're going to want to be with us. And that's – that's as we talk to advertisers, they recognize that, and they recognize the strength of our brands. And I think we're going to – we certainly are going to do very, very well, and I hope that we're going to make up a big piece of the differentiation, because it shouldn't have existed. And we're a hell of a buy compared to everyone else even at a big increase.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. And then let me cover the other two questions quickly on the pay-TV subscribers, Jessica, so right now it's mildly up across the board, obviously JB would say looking at international, it's just a collection of very, very many market with very different dynamics going on, but it's up a little bit. I think the one outlier, I guess we should point out is Brazil, which obviously given the current environment was down in subscriber numbers. But other than that, we continue to see growth. On the cost control side, what's permanent, what's deferred, let's just go through a couple of elements. I would start with; let's call them, the windfalls, travel, T&E overall, events, some marketing, real estate, et cetera. A lot of that obviously was a windfall and is going to come back if and when we start opening up again. I think the second, a big savings driver here ironically of course has been the absence of sports events and some other original productions. Again, we have been able to maintain a very, very healthy schedule from the perspective of fresh content and again, financially in a positive way, because we're producing a lot of content and we're producing it at a much more attractive cost per hour. And our audiences loving the authenticity continue to enjoy it. So that has been a positive driver overall, as things go back to normal, you should see some of that content coming back at higher costs. There may be even additional costs from some COVID related additional health protocols, et cetera. Again, I would hope to be able to offset some of that with more efficient overall production approach, but that's sort of the second building block. And then you shouldn't forget that we're still on our transformation journey. What we started two years ago, we went into this with a massive team, hundreds of people working on hundreds of initiatives, we've worked through a lot of that list, but we still have a lot of initiatives more complex, more long-term nature that we're working through and we're committed to continue, adjusting the structure of this company to the best possible setup for the operating environment.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Michael Nathanson: Hey, David, I have a couple for you. On the newer deals, will those deals accelerate or was that a natural timing? And then can you talk a bit about the alignment you now have given those deals? Does that allow you now to do your bigger SUV build? And then on the SUV build, would you consider adding a non-commercial tier and also non-Discovery content in terms of making the SUV even bigger, and more attractive to people who don't like commercials?
David Zaslav: Sure, thanks, Michael. We don't really talk specifically about when our deals come up and what we do. But we had a significant amount of flexibility. We now have more flexibility. So we have the lane, the full lane that we need in order to be effective. What's interesting that we found that we think is going to help us in this drive is a lot of the competitors now are coming out with their scripted series of scripted movies with the same drive. We got more stuff. We've got more shows. Hey, buy us. We have more shows. And those shows that are actually really good and they break companies. More shows, more shows, more shows. You know, what people are saying, I got enough shows. What we have is great brands, great characters. And we think that that's going to make a huge difference in an environment with a lot of blaring lights for shows. And as we build that, and as we have been very quietly aggregating content, creating original content we are looking at the full gamut of what will nourish and create the most compelling product that's the most differentiated. We think we have the right recipe and we'll take you through it very soon. And we think you're going to love it. We hope you like it. And we hope more importantly that when we get out to consumers in the U.S. and around the world, that that they like our hands as much as we do.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brett Feldman: Yes, thanks for taking the question and just to stick with the direct-to-consumer theme, I listened to some of the language you used during your prepared remarks. You highlighted the importance of reaching these 30 million plus broadband only households. You talked about the importance of being a companion to any pay TV service. You think about this broadband households are predominantly served by cable companies, which our current distribution partners for you. Is it safe to assume that as you look to sort of accelerate your direct model, you're looking to do it in partnership with your existing partners, not only because of the reach, but also because the importance of just continuing to be respectful and those relationships? And then just as an extension of that with Fixer Upper is coming back on Mangolia, which is awesome, should we assume that Mangolia could potentially be a centerpiece of your accelerated direct-to-consumer model as well? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks. Look, I don't want to get into any more of the details you can expect that we think we have the best content, the greatest brands, and then a world where it's hard to curate, which is why people say up on more shows. We have this ability to curate through brands and through characters that people already know, and they know how to navigate. You should expect that we'll be offering our content in ways that are competitive in terms of whether they have commercials or don't have commercials, or how much commercials they have, we've thought that out carefully and we intend to our product will be very competitive and flexible. And we expect to have multiple partners and that's how we're going to be successful domestically and around the world. And we'll take you through that. But Disney has been very successful by using partners. And where we have been more successful, we've been more successful when not only are we marketing our product, but other distribution platforms are marketing our product. And so whether it’s table, distributors, mobile distributors, or larger players that are pushing other products, like Amazon is doing with us with Fire, every one of those is an added opportunity. And we like everyone else are looking for all of those to get the scale and build scale as quickly and as aggressively as possible.
Brett Feldman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe one for Gunnar just on the near term. Anything you can tell us sooner about affiliate trends as we think about the back half of the year. I don't know if the second quarter is a decent kind of run rate for U.S. and international. And then maybe for David, just going back to your point about, lanes and open lanes, AVOD is an area where we're seeing at least a lot of growth in consumption. And your company, given its scale and advertising it audience seems perfectly situated to exploit that as the ad market comes back. Is that a strategic priority for you, for Discovery in terms of investing in either ad technology, a more targeted ratings approach than just standard Nielsen demos? And there's been some acquisitions in the space, like Tubi and Pluto. I'm just wondering how you think about that opportunity and whether that's an area of focus for the company?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Ben, let me start with trend question. Again, I don't want to give specific guidance and there's not too much to add to what I said a couple of minutes ago. U.S., feeling good about the pricing trends, we don't control the subscribers and we'll see over time as D2C ramps up, how that starts contributing. On the international side, a similar answer, the key factor here is sports and that's two-fold. Number one, as we already pointed out the termination of the Bundesliga contract is going to be a little bit of a drag on affiliate revenues. But again, as I pointed out obviously, very beneficial on the AOIBDA side. And the second factor is some sports have come back, but the majority of the big events is still slated for us a bit later in the third quarter. And partly in the fourth quarter, that's going to be a driver and we'll see how that pans out.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks Gunnar.
David Zaslav: I guess, to answer your question on the AVOD, we've been quite successful with our GO products, even though they are just individual channels that are authenticated. But we've been able to get a very young audience and get additional data, which has helped us get – which the advertisers have liked. We do have a team that's driving our data, we're also working innovatively with a number of the cable operators who have set-top-box data. I do think data is a huge piece of our future in order to be able to get higher value for our existing content. And in products where we're going direct-to-consumer, AVOD, or SVOD, that has a commercial light, I think, you'll see that ability to provide data to advertisers that benefit both us and them.
Ben Swinburne: Great thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Jason Bazinet from Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Bazinet: In your prepared remarks you talked about increased flexibility on next gen products. Do you mind just elaborating on what flexibility you are seeking? And with those four renewals you talked about, do you have that flexibility globally now, or is it still just in a subset of your global footprint? Thanks.
David Zaslav: We have it globally, fully globally. And when we take you through our aggregate global plan, we'll give you more detail.
Jason Bazinet: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. Just sort of a general question on advertising, you guys continue to extract higher pricing. And I'm curious if the ratings continue to go up the way that they have? Can you – are all the old rules sort of thrown out the window in terms of broadcasting, getting premiums versus cable, can you sort of surpass that eventually? And then my second question is really on the rebranding of DYI in terms – in early 2021. Any progress so far in terms of potentially getting more distribution for that channel?
David Zaslav: Sure, thanks. We have gotten more distribution per DIY. I mentioned, I think, on the last call that when Chip and Jo were on DIY on a Sunday night, that you could actually see people on Google trying to figure out what channel DIY was, so that they could watch it. And they did watch it. And it was the number two show on Sunday night on television, behind 60 minutes. So we think we're super excited about what they're doing. I spoke to Chip and Joe yesterday for an hour-and-a-half, they're excited not just about Fixer Upper, but about everything that's going on in Waco, with the production, with the brand. So very exciting, and they will come on to DIY with more subs. And as a channel it's been growing significantly because of the environment where people at home and the content works very well. So we feel very good about it. It will be early in early next year. And what was the other question?
Alexia Quadrani: Really on pricing in general, can – can the gap really disappear between you and broadcast?
David Zaslav: I hope it does, because if it does, then you can put a multiple of 2.5 times against our ad revenue. All kidding aside, we're dealing with a legacy issue. And that legacy issue is really doesn't make sense anymore. How much do people watch? How much did they watch live? How engaged are they? And if anything, if you're selling products, being on HG or Food or cooking is probably a lot more important for a lot of advertisers than to be on a regular show, even a sports show. And a lot of advertisers have told us their ability to convert product is stronger on us. So we have this inverse problem that's really based on the fact that cable was at the kids' table. Well, we've aggregated the very strong brands, we’re investing, have invested hugely in building those brands, building the characters, building the relationship with the audience. And we're starting to really breakthrough. And we have to fight to get our fair value. And we have to be – and in the end, I think, the equitable argument that we have has broke – started to break through a little bit? In the last two years, you've seen us outperform quarter-by-quarter. You should see us outperform by a lot more, in my opinion, because in the end, we have great content that people love. And then in this very unusual environment, we also have original content and it dependable ongoing product at a time when some of our competitors can't do it because of sports and scripted is harder. So I hope so. We are fighting for it. We've got a great leader and Jon Steinlauf, we've got a great team. We're very engaged in the upfront. We're engaged in scatter. And we got to keep telling our story. They know it. We have to figure out how we wrestle it.
Jason Bazinet: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our final question from Rich Greenfield from LightShed Partners. Your line is open. 
Rich Greenfield : Hi, thanks for taking the question. David, I guess the question is as you and others, I think of NBC, I think what HBO Max just did, as everybody is finally kind of making the pivot to direct-to-consumer, where do you think – I mean, we're probably around high 70s, 80 million subscribers in the multichannel bundle today. Where are you thinking bottoms out? And as you think about Europe, with Disney taking a huge write down and sort of pivoting to D-to-C overseas, how do you think about kind of the state of Europe relative to what you are seeing in the U.S. for the multichannel universe?
David Zaslav: Thanks Rich. Well first let me just start with Europe. Europe, I think, is much more stable. And in terms of what we're seeing in terms of viewership on that platform, viewership was way up on traditional television, it was – the whole marketplace performed very differently and much more favorably. The idea that we were significantly up in all of our sports weren't even on. And people were watching so much more of our content, which by the way, I think the fact that people are watching a lot more of our content. In the end, we're an IP company. The fact that people are watching, spending more and more hours with our brands, with our characters in the U.S. and around the world, just means that our overall IP library, we emerged from this behaviourally, that they're spending more time with our brands and our characters, and they love us more. And we love them more and we know them better. And so I think we emerged stronger, but Europe is more stable. Europe is – the decline is much slower. And the difference is there's huge broadband here. And Amazon is a great, great product, but it's not deployed with local content the way it is here in the U.S. U.S. is one market 330 million people. And Netflix has been extraordinarily successful, Amazon is successful, Disney Plus is successful and so – and there’s huge amount of broadband. So you see this and a lot of marketing dollars telling people what are on those platforms. None of that exists in Europe. So our local language, local sports, we think is pretty compelling. And the fact that the ecosystem is more stable also gives us, given how big we are in Europe in both sports, free-to-air and cable, gives us, I think, a much….
Rich Greenfield : Are you surprised by Disney's move to sort of abandon Europe?
David Zaslav: I don't really want to comment on Disney. It's a great company. I think Bob has done an extraordinary job in building IP and building that company. For us, I look at what we have. And I really like what we have in Europe. I like the differentiation of what we have. I love the IP that we have. In the U.S. I can't predict where it's going to go, but we're on every skinny bundle. We are – everybody has taken real notice. We have content that people love and with a very core of that bundle. If people have cable TV and they have six channels that they watch in almost every phase for the six are us. So we'll do very well [indiscernible] advertising that we deserve. Our sub-fees, I think, will continue to be good, because we deserve it. And we can't – the reason that we're going so hard direct-to-consumer is because – we want to make sure that our great content is on every platform and has an opportunity for everyone to see it, how they want to see it. And when they do, we think they're going to be very happy and we think we're going to do very well.
Rich Greenfield : Really look forward to trying it.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, this now concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Discovery, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants' lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for Discovery's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we will open the call for questions.  Before I start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.  In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and our subsequent filings made with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning and welcome everyone to our Q1 earnings conference call. These are clearly unprecedented times as we confront a challenge unlike anything in recent history.  I want to start by thanking frontline heroes everywhere for the lifesaving work, especially here in New York, which has had a big battle on its hands – the doctors, nurses, EMTs, and all of the first responders. And on behalf of all of us at Discovery, we thank you. I am enormously proud of how our leadership team and employees have stepped up and pulled together during this time. They have done so with resilience, heart and creativity.  Their health and safety is everything to us at Discovery and to me. With meaningful populations across Asia, Latin America and Europe, we have been at this for about three months, starting with office closures across Asia in January.  I'm proud to say that our business has not missed a beat. Our early and continued investment in technology and automation, and moving our broadcasts and global infrastructure into the cloud is serving us very well at this time.  We are extremely pleased with the level of productivity, the morale of our employee base, and how well we are able to serve viewers, advertisers and our key partners, even as we work remotely. We continue to have great command and control across our businesses everywhere in the world.  With so much macro uncertainty, there are obviously a lot of questions at this time about impacts on our business, the direction of the economy and markets, and the broader video ecosystem.  All well founded, and we are left with a number of unknowns ourselves. Yet, these uncertain times highlight the distinct characteristics of Discovery's business and the strategic advantages that set us apart.  We have content leadership in core genres that are durable, popular and differentiated. We have an efficient low cost content production model with global appeal that offers viewers and partners safe and positive brand environments. We have short production cycles that provide us with the ability to refresh our deep library quickly and efficiently.  And we have demonstrated this with more than 50 self-shot shows turned around in weeks, sometimes days, including the extension of our TLC juggernaut, 90 Day Fiancé: Self-Quarantined.  We have a deep and broad library that we can reach into to nourish and entertain a wide range of consumers globally. And we have revenues that are 40% long cycle, there are contracted affiliate fees and an asset mix largely insulated from some of the most near-term challenged segments, namely, theme parks, cruise ships, scripted production, film studios, among others.  Our core programming genres, trusted brands, and authentic real life talent offer comfort, familiarity and consistency to families and viewers around the world, something that is very relevant during this cultural moment.  Our talent is enthusiastically creating new content at a time when most others can't. They are proudly taking us into their homes, their kitchens, garages, gardens, or basement science labs. And this is truly what we and what our personalities are all about. We're about authentic real life storytellers.  As I've always said, we are strongest when we are closest to real and in the moment with our viewers. We've never been so much so as we are right now.  As an example, look at Ree Drummond, Pioneer Woman from Food Network. Along with her band of kids that are filming her in her home, she's producing fresh episodes that audiences love. And she is having fun and relaxed around her family and her home and it shows and resonates. She is nourishing viewers in a truly authentic way.  A few weeks ago, Joanna Gaines took viewers into their home kitchen with a special in-the-kitchen quarantine episode on Food Network, which was mostly filmed by the Gaines kids. Close to 3 million viewers tuned in, the network's highest rated in-the-kitchen ever.  And a little over a week ago, we leveraged DIY's newly expanded reach for a four-hour block to preview Magnolia Presents: A Look Back & A Look Ahead. The special drew over 2.5 million viewers, DIY's highest ever.  But more tellingly, the 7pm episode on DIY with Chip and Joanna was second only to CBS' 60 Minutes in the time slot. It also helped to drive a meaningful uptick on GO for DIY.  We believe there was a huge and special appetite for Chip and Jo, two strong and authentic voices, and they are curators across television and streaming, supported by their combined almost 20 million followers on Instagram alone. Their inspiring focus on home, family, food, faith and community has never been more resonant than now. We're seeing that with everything they come in contact with, including Jo's cookbooks, which were number one and two on The New York bestseller list last week.  The audience reaction and viewership we have already seen for Chip and Jo, as well as their programming gives us a real sense of confidence that we will be able to successfully launch Magnolia Network to a very large audience, both on cable and online.  Viewers in general, who are home around the world, are indeed finding us. In April, our portfolio continued to outperform the marketplace with significant ratings growth, led in primetime in the US by TLC, the number one cable network among women.  And the function and utility of networks like the Food Network, HGTV, DIY and the Cooking Channel has driven meaningful viewership themes. And we are proud to have supported the many global distribution partners that have asked to include a number of our channels in their free previews for broader availability to their viewers around the world during this time.  While this incremental distribution will mostly be temporary, viewership across networks like DIY are up over 100% and many of our networks are reaching all-time highs. We believe that some of these viewers who have reengaged or discovered our networks for the first time will continue to make us a part of their everyday viewing even after this moment passes. Internationally, our portfolio has enjoyed a strong uptick, both in linear and in our DTC next gen initiatives. In Q1, we delivered the highest-ever average audience for our total international portfolio, which was up 4% in overall share.  Additionally, we saw best-ever viewership for a number of key brands in the quarter, including TLC, DMAX, HGTV and Food Network, the latter driven by impressive growth in Italy and new network launches in Colombia, Peru and Ireland.  In terms of our streaming portfolio, Dplay, MotorTrend, TDM's Player, GO and Food Network Kitchen are all seeing strong upticks. And Food Network Kitchen also took a meaningful step forward last week with a strong and expanded Amazon partnership, which is offering this first-of-its-kind food and cooking product to tens of millions of their Fire TV users free for a year, courtesy of Amazon, along with marketing by Amazon on Fire TV. And it's off to a great start.  Gunnar will take you through the quarter and provide some color on the current state of play, though I'd like to offer some high level thoughts on the industry and our place within it.  Clearly, these are challenging times. And while there is significant uncertainty from a cyclical perspective, I don't subscribe to the view that consumption and behavioral patterns being shaped by the coronavirus will be permanently disrupted.  The nearer term question is, of course, what is the magnitude and duration of this quarantine moment. And what will an eventual recovery look like?  In many countries, operating trends may worsen before they get better. But given our unique reach and coveted demos, we like our portfolio. And we really like our hand. Anchored by strong verticals and endemic advertisers, we have a differentiated offering when the marketplace resumes to more normalized operating conditions.  And the idea that we will emerge with significantly more share, and having had for weeks or months, people spending a lot more time with our channels, our characters, and our brands, we think will provide nothing but value.  As for distribution, we naturally won't be immune from subscriber churn from pay TV, particularly in cases where it is driven by economic pressures, though we are as well represented as anyone across the OTT and skinny bundle landscape in the US and around the world. And we continue to enhance our portfolio of global AVOD and SVOD content and lifestyle platforms.  We recently completed distribution renewals with some key partners in the US for carriage of all of our channels. There was a time when many questioned whether, in our renewals, we would be able to include all of our channels. We have, which underscores the value of our characters, our programming, and most importantly, our brands.  We remain confident in both our financial and operational model, which is one of the most efficient in the industry. We drive an unparalleled conversion of AOIBDA to free cash flow. And know there remain a number of moving pieces, we would expect this to continue.  Gunnar and his team have been opportunistic and has done a great job managing our leverage portfolio and maturities, which he will touch on shortly.  Lastly, we've adopted and evolved as a leadership team. And I am proud of our performance. And I'm confident that we will emerge a stronger and more focused company when we resume business as usual.  Before I turn the call over to Gunnar, I'd like to once again thank our hard working employees for their dedication and resiliency in this most uncertain time to deliver an outstanding product on a global scale.  And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Gunnar. 
Gunnar Wiedenfels : Good morning. Thank you again for joining us this morning. I'd like to echo what David said and thank all of the frontline workers who have tirelessly provided critical services and a big thank you to Discovery's dedicated employees working from home to ensure that our business remains on track.  Turning to our Q1 results, we had a solid January in February before we begin to feel the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. We did note a very modest impact to advertising specifically in Asia when we spoke with you last on February 27. This naturally evolved throughout the region and then into Europe beginning in early March, with closures in many of our key markets such as Italy and Poland, among others, followed by closures here in the US for a good portion of March.  Though even with that, total revenues in Q1 were largely flat on a constant currency basis, while AOIBDA declined 3% year-over-year ex FX as we've continued with plans to invest and support our next generation initiatives.  As a reminder, in late March, in conjunction with the move of the Olympic games from this summer to next, we recalled our forward-looking financial projections and outlook for both Q1 and the year.  Let me review our key revenue drivers beginning with US advertising, which was flat versus the prior year. As noted, we did see some impact from the lockdowns in March with an uptick in cancellations and deferrals. To some extent, the rise in cancellations in March was offset by higher audience deliveries. With people isolating at home, delivery in the people 25 to 54 demo across our portfolio of networks increased by over 10% in total day versus the pre stay-at-home period.  Audience growth has been particularly strong for our food and home networks, which provide useful ideas, comfort and inspiration for families who are hunkered down and more engaged with cooking and home project.  The number of Discovery's largest advertising categories are holding up nicely, such as certain CPG verticals like food and cleaning products, pharmaceuticals, insurance, financials and e-commerce companies, while travel, movie studios and some autos and retailers understandably cut back significantly.  We have predictably seen higher cancellations and deferrals in Q2. And based on preliminary results, April is down around 20% year-over-year. And based on business booked for the remainder of the quarter, both May and June are looking slightly better than April. Though we remind you that this is a very fluid marketplace at the moment, with a lot of cancellations rolling month to month. And, where appropriate, we're accommodated as best as we can to our partners' needs.  Us distribution in Q1 was up 2% year-over-year as rate increases were partially offset by linear subscriber declines. We recently completed affiliate deals with some of our key distribution partners, which we believe helps underscore the value of our content as well as provides visibility on rate increases.  Subscribers to our fully distributed networks, which account for around 80% of total US distribution revenues, were down 4% year-over-year at the end of March, while total portfolio subscribers were down 6%, in line with our prior commentary of reverting back in line with the broader industry trends. As a reminder, this is the first full quarter having fully lapped Hulu and Sling.  We haven't seen any distinguishable COVID-related impact on subscriber trends. So, we don't necessarily have real-time color as we receive remits one to two months in arrears. And we obviously aren't immune from overall trends which are naturally dependent on the magnitude and duration of this current moment across the country and potential long-term macroeconomic implications.  Turning to international. Advertising in Q1 was flat year-over-year ex FX. For the first two months of the year, international advertising was pacing up 5%, which include the previously noted deferrals in APAC. As many of our key advertising markets in Europe began to shut down, we saw a more pronounced impact with March down nearly 10% year-over-year. Unlike the US, which enjoys the benefit of a structured upfront marketplace, many international markets are more flexible with advertising volume, reacting more immediately to changes in economics or viewing shares, both down as well as up.  Based on preliminary results, April is down about 40% in aggregate across all international regions. Depending on the market, the range is anywhere from down 30% to down 50%.  And though early, and only one data point, we are starting to see some signs of stabilization in markets like China, Taiwan and Korea. So, this is a relatively small portion of our mix.  International distribution was up 1% year-over-year ex FX in Q1. As we've mentioned before, we are accelerating the rollout of our D2C services like Dplay, in some cases coming at the expense of our linear business, which is a response to market behaviors in countries like Denmark.  Consolidation among distributors means that we have to push harder to get full value for our content portfolio. As such, we have continued to play more offense, which infers that we may, and are, facing incremental top line headwinds.  This is even more pronounced at a time when there are no sports as our value proposition in key markets in Europe is predicated on local sports. For example, in Denmark and Sweden, where Dplay has near exclusivity on certain football rights.  Naturally, with no sports being played anywhere in the world for the Eurosport Player and GolfTV and even certain premium tiers of Dplay has seen a pullback in activity, which has weighed on second performance, though we expect momentum to continue whenever play resumes.  So, even without sports at the moment, we are seeing nice momentum in Dplay subscriber growth, driven by our compelling entertainment offering. Similar to the US, we have not seen any material change in net subscriber counts. Though where appropriate, we may work with distributors in an effort to be good partners and helpful as they seek to absorb near-term churn.  Even amidst the uncertainty surrounding our revenue, we feel very confident in our ability to flex our cost structure to mitigate as much of the top line shortfalls as we can. As you know, following the Scripps acquisition, we've been disciplined about the management and transformation of our cost base and right-sizing our operations to reflect the state of the industry.  While the merger provided a great opportunity to open up and examine many of our practices and procedures, so too we believe will this moment. And you should expect us to be appropriately focused here as well.  We are learning valuable lessons during this lockdown period. Case in point, as David mentioned earlier, content produced by our talent at home has proven to be some of our most successful programming.  And we're not making just an hour here or there. So far, during the lockdown period, we've been able to create nearly 350 hours of new premier content.  Furthermore, with traditional content production largely shut down or paused, we expect to see content origination savings versus our 2020 plan as less originals premier even as we continue to make certain content investments in our next generation initiatives.  With sports currently sidelined, we're not expecting the rights costs, though these costs are only being deferred until a bit later in the year, if and when sports return.  We are also refining all marketing and personnel-related expenses as we've implemented a hiring freeze and, as you could imagine, T&E spend is minimal currently.  At this point, we currently expect total operating expenses to be around flat with last year on a constant currency basis as we continue to reallocate investment to our next generation portfolio.  Accordingly, we expect expenses related to the core traditional business to decline in the mid to high-single digit range. To the extent that there's either a faster-than-expected return to normalcy or a far more protracted one beyond the end of the year, we would expect total expenses to fluctuate a few percentage points above or below our current flat outlook based on how quickly we can begin to ramp up production and see a recovery in advertising sales. Turning to free cash flow, which was down year-over-year in Q1. Some of this was timing related like our cash tax payment, while the rest was related to the increased level of planned investments prior to the pandemic.  While we don't anticipate sustaining the same level of free cash flow generated last year, we still expect to achieve an industry-leading AOIBDA to free cash flow conversion rate. Though there are a number of moving pieces on the working capital front that could influence free cash flow in either direction based upon when we begin to ramp production, as well as how the cash cycle and the advertising ecosystem evolves.  We remain comfortable with our balance sheet and our current leverage ratio at 3.2 times on an LTM basis. I am confident in our liquidity position, having finished the quarter with roughly $1.5 billion of cash and another $2 billion of availability under our fully committed revolver.  We have $600 million of debt coming due in June and no additional maturities until June of next year, when $640 million of notes mature.  The rating agencies have remained supportive of our business plan and capital structure, an important signal during this moment. We remain committed to our investment grade credit ratings as recently affirmed by the rating agencies and to our longer-term net leverage target of 3 to 3.5 times.  We filed a separate 8-K this morning outlining an amendment we signed with our bank group. You can refer to the 8-K for additional details. This amendment relates to the gross leverage covenant in our revolver to 5.5 times beginning in Q3, returning to its original 4.5 times threshold by Q3 of 2021.  While we do not expect to approach this level, we requested this change out of an abundance of caution in order to preserve full access to our revolving credit facility throughout this period of uncertainty. Any increase in leverage, should it occur, should be viewed as temporary and related only to impacts of COVID-19 rather than the change in financial policy.  And with respect to this additional cushion, when reflecting on the point that David made, I believe it's worth reemphasizing that given our asset mix and what I would consider to be very flexible with adaptive methods of production, should our traditional production chain be impaired for an overly long period of time, we would fare relatively well from a cash efficiency profile. That is to say, we would be able to produce impactful and relevant content on very attractive unit cost per hour for as long as needed.  Turning to capital allocation, in Q1, we repurchased $523 million worth of shares, reducing our share count by over 19 million shares. We have largely been out of the market since we reported our 2019 results, with the exception of a short period in late February, early March, in which we purchased around $200 million of our equity.  We have $1.8 billion left on our authorization.  And finally, FX was approximately a $30 million drag to revenues and a $10 million drag to AOIBDA in Q1 for the year based on current rates. We expect FX to have a negative $130 million to $140 million impact on revenues and a negative $30 million impact on AOIBDA.  With that, I'd like to turn the call back to the operator to take your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities. Your line is open. 
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thanks. I just have a couple of questions. First on sports, Gunnar, I wasn't clear on – you're not recognizing sports costs, but on a cash basis, are you paying right now? And if you are, what flexibility will you get kind of in the back end? And are you changing your approach to the Olympics now that they have moved? Is there anything different? Will the loss be the same a year from now? Sports is one thing. Direct-to-consumer on Food Network Kitchen, every day is like your Super Bowl unfortunately. It's good for you, but – can you give us an update on how it's doing? I know you moved out Magnolia timing, but if you can give us an update on direct-to-consumer.  And then finally – sorry for so much – but cancellations were due last week for a third quarter. Can you give us some color on what you're seeing? Because your advertising actually so far seems actually pretty good. 
David Zaslav: Sure. Why don't I get started and then I'll pass it over to Gunnar? Having no sports is a challenge for all of us. But 90% of our deals have either force majeure provisions or provisions that specifically relate to us not paying for content that we don't get. And so, I think we did a particularly good job in our sports deals, which we expected they'll come back and it'll just be a move. But to the extent that they don't, we have a real opportunity with that.  On the Olympics, we think it's going to probably be a little bit better for us because one of the issues with the Olympics is it's separated by such a long period of time. In terms of building our digital direct-to-consumer platform, the fact that we'll have summer and then winter only a few months apart, the fact that we can get advertisers into both of them together where we could string it together, and we're hoping that when people get to Tokyo, it's going to be a real opportunity for people to get back together with a lot of excitement.  I think when sports does come back, it's going to come back very big. People are really yearning for it. I'm excited and talking to Jay Monahan, who is doing a terrific job as commissioner of PGA and we're, as you know, partners around the world, hoping to come back in June and has a great plan for it. And we're rooting for that. I think that we really need – we need sports.  Having said that, what we're experiencing is different than what's here in the US. As I've said for a very long time, sports works differently outside the US. When people want sports, in most cases, it's on premium and then making the choice to pay for it. Here we have an overstuffed bundle where sports has been stuffed in and leveraged in, which is one of the reasons why we see this, the challenge that the US marketplace has been seeing where subs are flat or slightly growing around the world and declining here. It's because between $20 and $30, sometimes more, of sports rights are being paid by consumers. And they're not getting. And so, right now, consumers in this difficult time – this really highlights the idea that there's a huge subsidy that's being paid for sports And now, at a time when they're paying the subsidy, which creates, I think, even more of a challenge when people say why am I paying that and that may be one of the reasons why you're seeing some people disconnect. Having said that, I look at Food and HG and Cooking, we're the new sports. Our channels are the sports. The numbers are huge. The engagement with our characters and with our talent is enormous. We're the real time player right now on television, whether it's Mike Rowe on his couch, Guy Fieri or Ina Garten or Ree Drummond, where 350 hours of live content that's really working with our characters. And so, we've skirted most of the sports issue, but I do think it's an overhang here in the US. And we're leaning into our channels, like we are sports, we are real time in many ways. And as you look at what's going on in the US, you have news networks and then you have TLC and HGTV as the big networks.  So, with that, I'll just say that Amazon, it just started a week ago, but whether they have 30 million or 40 million, they have tens of millions of subscribers to Fire. They love Food Network Kitchen, they're providing the opportunity for people to get that for a year for free, which we think is fantastic. The partnership is strong and they're marketing it. And I agree with you that this is a moment where we can really shine with that.  So, Gunnar? 
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah. So, maybe just a couple of points to add. On the cash flow question for sports, it's going to be a mix so far. Most of the events have been postponed rather than canceled. So, you should expect not only P&L, but also the cash profile to be adjusting accordingly. And we will keep an eye on this as we go through the rest of the year.  Regarding the Olympics, we will have two events much closer together, which should be a positive. We also have a little more time to get to prepare and to prepare the ad market to go to market with bundled packages. So, those would be a positive. But bottom line is it's a little early to sort of start about a very specific guidance. But right now, I wouldn't see a material change versus what we had guided for this year.  And then, regarding the cancellations, you're right, the upfront opt-in cancellation period has started. It's way too early to have a view. And as I said a couple of minutes ago, we will make sure that we work in partnership with our colleagues here and work through this together. 
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Ben Swinburne: Good morning. David, I just want to pick up on the comments you were making before about the sort of sports subsidy in the US and what's happening to the ecosystem. And I think everything you're saying makes a lot of sense. And all of these trends are probably accelerating because of this financial and health situation going on as you pointed out. You have been talking about a US OTT offering of your sort of core content now for maybe a year, maybe a little less. And I'm just wondering if what's happening in the marketplace with cable operators increasingly just passing on these sports costs to the consumer, pushing people out of the bundle is accelerating your thought process or changing how you think about it. And your reach is falling in the US, really with no fault to you guys. It's really an industry issue. And you've got, obviously, massive consumption through streaming, including on a lot of your products, but you still haven't laid out to us or talked publicly more about how you plan to expand the kind of the core IP. I don't know if you're ready to talk about that in more detail, but I'd love to just get an update on that because I think it's a really interesting opportunity for you guys. 
David Zaslav: Sure. Well, look, I think the advantage to us right now is that people are spending a lot more time with our channels. Our share is up really significantly everywhere in the world. And it's two months here. It's longer than that in a number of areas in Europe and Asia. And behaviorally, people are spending a lot more time with our characters and our channels. And we think that that's a huge benefit to us on this existing platform because there's a real habit here. And as well, we're seeing it in a meaningful way on GO. We're not able to fully monetize all the share, obviously, domestically and around the world. But we view this really as an important moment for us because, as a company, our focus is to entertain and, when we're at our best, to inspire. We have a great, great creative team that's doing all kinds of content from home. We're learning a ton. And it's resonating with distributors. They've come to us and said, could we add DIY? Many of them to all of our subscribers. Can we add cooking to all of our subscribers? Do you have a lot of other channels that are very strong, your Hispanic channels, can we add them? This is going on in Latin America, in Europe, in the US. And they're getting very good feedback and the viewership is increasing significantly.  And so, I think the viewership we're getting in the average age on GO of 26, the viewership we're getting for all of these channels and all of our characters around the world reinforces how valuable what we have is and it also – as these distributors take a look in the US, there's going to be, I believe, more and more pressure on them because it's just becoming abundantly clear.  And after two months, people have been enjoying cable for two months. So, it raises two questions. What am I paying all that money for sports for? But also, this is a great product. I'm spending a lot more time and I'm really, really enjoying it. So, what we should have in the US is what everyone else has, which is a bundle of content that doesn't have sports that would be very affordable. And we would likely see a very quick turnaround in this issue of subscriber loss because we're saying take it for $80, take it for $100 or don't take it at all. And even services like Philo are seeing – which we're an investor in is seeing big, big uptake in this idea, and they don't even have the broadcasters. and  And so, I'm hoping that you follow the behavior, you follow the need in the marketplace, and you follow what's equitable and fair. And ultimately, it might put pressure on some of these big sports players that are bundling and forcing and leveraging and jamming, to say, even in this moment, all right, enough, go ahead and – I'll give you more flexibility to give America what they want, a chance to buy a multichannel and broadcast package without stuffed sports
Ben Swinburne: Right.
David Zaslav: We have been building. We have a very strong team. We have over 150 people and engineers working. We have slowed down a little bit because we can't hire new. But we're on track with our platforms. All of the problems we have outside the US are working exceptionally well. They're ours. And the platform that we're working on here in the US, to give us full optionality to go right to the market, is doing very well. And so, I think you'll hear more from us. But I think our IP looks stronger.  And more and more, a lot of these other platforms that don't have a lot of content are seeing how much people are spending time with us and they're talking to us about whether our content would be available to them. And right now, we think our aggregate content is most valuable for us and for us to be able to continue to look at going to non-cable subs ourselves. 
Ben Swinburne: Right. That's really helpful. Just one quick follow-up on Food Network Kitchen. The Amazon announcement was quite interesting. I don't know, you probably don't want to share specifics, but I'm just curious if you're getting wholesale revenue or anything you can tell us about sort of the financial impact or even the kind of marketing push that's going to be associated with that Amazon offer to their Fire subs, Fire users. 
David Zaslav: I would just recommend that you all go to Fire. We're on the front page. We're getting equal billing with Hulu and some of the other big great platforms. And there are some days where they put us on – basically take over most of the page. And so, they're a great partner. They love the product. And we're rolling together. 
Ben Swinburne: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open. 
Michael Nathanson: Great. Thanks so much. David, a couple of questions for you. On the European side, where you have your sports [Technical Difficulty], are there any minimum number of hours you need to deliver to maintain any type of license fees? So, that's one. And two is, given how clean your company is on cash flow and the balance sheet, can you talk about maybe leaning into M&A and how you would think about M&A given how dislocated some of the valuations are around the world?
David Zaslav: Sure. On the sports side, we don't have anything in our existing deals. When you look at our aggregate package that people are paying for in Europe, what we're delivering to customers is meaningfully higher than it was before. Ratings are down significantly on Eurosport and we'll be very excited when the sports comes back. But, no, there's nothing in those agreements.  But, again, the sub people, whatever it's worth, is relatively small. It's very different than here in the US. It's not in the dollars or almost $10 range. It's much smaller. And so, distributors tend to look at our overall delivery and they're seeing that we're the top performer or one of the top performers in every market in terms of what we're delivering on a multichannel basis.  On M&A, all I would say is that, it took us a very short time to absorb Scripps. Ken Lowe built a great, great company with a great culture and we've integrated it fully. We're really – this is the best of what Ken built and the best of what we built. We have a great leadership team that's fully integrated. We view it as really the best of both companies and it's presented that way. We're grateful for the great comfort channels that are now part of our portfolio here and around the world. It's been a huge help to us. We're so proud of those brands and all of that great talent that was added. And that deal worked out really well, as you know. We added over $1 billion of free cash flow and we did it in 18 months. And we went from 4.8 times to 3 times levered to below 3.5 times levered. And so, I think what we show to our board and to ourselves is that this is what we do, and we do it well.  Having said that, that was a really good transaction for us, not just because of synergy, but it was – we really bought IT. And we bought something that, with great characters, that added to our overall bouquet.  We believe that there're some good stuff out there and great companies that might not be in the same kind of free cash flow position with the same kind of balance sheet as us. So, we are looking at everything. We have a great hand right now. But I do think depending on how this goes over the next several months, there'll be some companies that have great IT or great assets that are facing some difficulty. And many of them – some of them have already come to us and said, 'hey, we look a lot better with you; you have all that free cash flow. Instead of having to cut all this and try to figure out if we could survive.' And no other company has – we have 10 to 12 channels in every country in the world. So, we have synergy in every country. We have an ability to promote. Those channels are promotion in every country.  And so, we're going to be very careful and deliberate. We've got a great board that's good at this. We have Bob Miron and the Newhouse family that are focused on quality and spending money on content and owing content globally. And we have John Malone, who is fully engaged in looking at our balance sheet and looking at our overall strategic assets around the world and seeing what would make us stronger. And so, I think this is a really unique moment where we could lean into. We've got a great board and we have a great leadership team and we have a great balance sheet. So, we'll be patient. And if you see us do something, it'll be because we think it's going to help us grow faster in this new and changing world.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. And can I ask you one last one on the upfront. Given the strength of your verticals, given that you can actually have fresh content in the fall, how do you think about going to market in the upfront where others maybe can't sell anything right now? So, what's your strategy there?
David Zaslav: Well, there is a divide in the market. And you'd expect that. It's such an unusual disrupted moment. But there's a number of – we're talking all of the big players and they're going to ultimately make the decision for their advertising clients. I'd say more than 60% to 70% of them are saying or more than 50% are saying, 'hey we're going to do a regular upfront.' And a number of them saying maybe we shouldn't do a regular upfront. Maybe we should go later and see what happens and move later. We're open for business. We have fresh content when others don't.  And one of the things that we're seeing is the live and engaged viewership on our channels have never been higher. And when the advertisers are putting on content that's in the moment that recognizes what's going on in the world, the viewership of those commercials are up dramatically. People are watching the commercials when they're talking about, 'this is a tough moment in America and here's what we're doing.' People are watching it.  And so, we're open for business. Those that want to move in the traditional window, we'll move with them. Those that want to move later, we'll move with them. And it's not for us to decide who's going to do better. It may be that the ones that moved early do a lot better and maybe the ones that moved later do better, but we're open for business.  And in the meantime, we're reducing our – to the extent that we're not sold, we're reducing the amount of inventory that we're selling and we're finding that that also was helping our ratings. And that's something we need to do as an industry anyway.
Michael Nathanson: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is open.
John Hodulik: Okay. Thank you. Two questions. First, David, anything you can tell us about the pricing you saw on those recent renewals you mentioned. And then, a follow up to Michael's question. Obviously, $1.5 billion in cash, lot of liquidity, you bought back more stock than we expected before the outbreak. Can you talk about what you need to see going forward maybe just from a stabilization of the ad market or what it would take for you guys to restart the buyback? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Okay. I'll have Gunnar answer. Why don't you start off, Gunnar, with answering the second part?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yeah. As you read this morning, we did buyback some stock right after our full-year earnings call. As you would expect us, we've been a little more careful since the beginning of the full outbreak here. And as you would expect as well, we have taken precautionary measures to make sure that our capital structure is in good shape.  And again, from what we're seeing right now, we continue to have a lot of confidence in our ability to generate free cash flow. We were free cash flow positive in the first quarter. From what we're seeing, we're going to be free cash flow positive in April, et cetera. But as you would expect, we don't have a lot of visibility into the second half of the year. And so, from the perspective of what I would have to see, clearly, we'd be looking at a signal of pick up in ad markets. And again, we're not giving guidance here. We don't have the visibility. We thought it was helpful to provide you with what we're seeing today, which is the April numbers. And from a booking perspective, slightly better in May and June. But as I also said, I'm just giving that to you guys in full transparency here, we're seeing a lot of rolling cancellations et cetera. So, take it with a grain of salt, yeah? So, that's really the point on capital allocation and buybacks.  And then, the pricing on recent renewals, your first question, as you know, we don't disclose any details. But what I can say is that I'm very happy with those deals, as we said, many times before. We do believe that we have amazing content providers, amazing value to our affiliates, and I'm not surprised that again we were able to strike deals that are mutually beneficial, additional value on both sides. And in terms of the size of the portfolio, no re-gearing et cetera, et cetera. So, top to bottom, deals that are in line with what we have been seeing in the past.  David, anything…?
David Zaslav: The only other thing I would say is that there was a lot of talk – we even changed over the last several years, so that more than 80% of our value was against our top 8 channels. But all of our channels were renewed. Right now – and we got additional carriage for some of our channels in the renewals, in some cases meaningful additional carriage. And after Fox News launched, the next channel that launched was OWN, which became the number one channel for African-American women. That was us launching new assets with new IP that we can take around the world. Then ID, which became the number one channel or number two channel for women in all day, which was our second asset.  And we think, now looking at DIY and the ratings and the fact that it's in more homes and what Chip and Joanna Gaines have been able to do and the reception for the great content that they created, not even just what they're doing themselves, but their curation and taste, that we have a chance to launch another good asset, really good asset that advertisers love, both on cable and in digital. So, we're very pleased with.  The negative is that, look, we're cheaper than one regional sports network. So, in some ways, we're providing all this value with all of these characters and we are the new sports, our key networks. But on the other hand, we're very inexpensive. And I think the power of our channels is much more now as they take a look – as operators take a look, distributors, how much time are people spending with Food and HG. They're watching it all – the length of view is higher than almost any channel on cable.  And so, I think the good news is that we're able to do good deals. The issue is that we're not getting paid close to what we deserve, a fraction of what we deserve, for what we're delivering, but we're going to keep working on it.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: David, let me add one more point reflecting, Michael, on your question and, John, your question as well, both for M&A and buybacks. You heard me say earlier that we're in a very constructive dialogue with rating agencies. And you said – no, we're continuing to honor our investment grade rating. It's a big priority for us. And that's the backdrop against which you should take all these answers regarding whatever M&A, buybacks, et cetera.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Janedis from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
John Janedis: Hi. Thank you. David, you guys talked about pushing your OTT more aggressively in Europe. I'm wondering, does the COVID impact the rollout and can you give us an update on the Dplay expansion? And then separately, you talked about your short production cycle and fresh content. Can you give more detail on how you're thinking about availability of originals across the platform later this year and into 2021 relative to normal and to what extent the non-scripted programming is better positioned relative to scripted when production comes back online?
David Zaslav: Sure. Kathleen Finch is just a great creative executive. Nancy Daniels. We have creative leaders at each of our channels and we have go-to talent that are authentic. They love to cook. Mike Rowe, I've been on the phone with him three times in the last week with ideas of what he could do and the excitement of shooting before the catch from his couch. So, we have a fully engaged creative team.  And as Gunnar said, over 50 projects, 350 hours. And one of the things that we're – this idea of we're best when we're closest to real, if you script it, the talent on there, they can come out and people know them. But the idea that we could get Guy Fieri even close to live and maybe even eventually live from his kitchen, from his barbecue and we have found that the audience will go with us. And in some cases, they love it. 'Oh, look at that, look at Guy. His son is shooting it. I wonder what his son looks like. Look at his living room. Look at his kitchen. Guy, what's that book behind you there? Did you get any recipes from that? And so, we're seeing big social energy around it. Our talent is getting stronger.  So, we already had a short cycle, but now we're finding that we can produce all this content and it's dramatically cheaper. And in many cases, it feels more authentic. And the audience loves it. And so, we're just leaning into it. Kathleen and Nancy and the whole team, Courtney White and Jane Latman. Jane runs HG and Courtney runs Food. We're on the phone with them every day. They're just super excited, and so is the whole creative team that they could do this. And so, I think you're going to see a robust slate of content from us that will continue. There'll be others that'll be idle. We won't be idle. Our issue is going to be where is the advertising market. I think there's no question, every week our ratings go up. Every week, people are spending more time with our portfolio and they're enjoying it more.  And so, the question for us simply is that we're dramatically under-monetizing it right now, which is okay, but we're also learning that, with less commercials, we're actually finding that we're doing better. So, I think the slate is going to be a huge advantage for us and our characters and their engagement is a huge advantage.  On Dplay, I think we have the right strategy. Local sports, local entertainment. And large library of local entertainment that you grow up on. It's compelling and it's understandable. So, okay, I got Disney+, great product. I have Netflix, great product. I've got Amazon Prime, great product. But almost all of them are very little amount of local. Whereas we're local local. And people get it and it's growing and we're leaning into it.  In some cases, we've decided to lean harder, and that's what you see with what we did in Denmark because it's a market that has been accelerating with direct to consumer. They have a huge penetration of broadband, high speed, and so we're leaning into it. And JB and his team are doing a great job with it. And we think the strategy is starting to break through. It's going to take more time, but this moment is putting a lot more attention on all the direct to consumer products in a good way.
John Janedis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Alexia Quadrani from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Zilu Pan: Hi. This is Zilu Pan on for Alexia. Thanks for taking our question. Can you talk a little bit more about how your own streaming services has trended in the Nordics after the discontinuation of your carriage agreements?  And then, just on production, are there any countries where you still might be able to shoot normally that you can take advantage of? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Okay. Thank you so much. One point that I wanted to just add to the answer to John is, look, on golf, on the Eurosport Player, on cycling, we don't have sports, it's dropped off significantly as you would expect. And our free funnel is fine. We have people are coming in and they're reading from Golf Digest and they're seeing some short form content, but the fact that we don't have live sports is having a meaningful impact on those businesses, as you'd expect. And we think when they come back, it'll kick in.  In terms of traditional production, there're some that have come back a little bit in Asia, but it's mostly shutdown. We have a lot of content that was shot that we're working on. We have content in our library. We're shooting new. But the ability to actually – we're not pushing for anyone to get out.  We had this moment after we closed down where we had a number of cases – we have over 10,000 employees and it was tough. Those were 14 of maybe the toughest days for me in my life. Is everyone okay that has this? We had a number of employees that were struggling. And you feel it. You feel it because they got sick coming to work. And so, we're not in any rush to push any because we're working remotely so effectively. We look good. We haven't missed a beat. We've learned a ton, but we don't want to push anybody into the field. We don't want to have that feeling again. We had a call every morning on this virus, who has it, who's been tested, what's going on, who did they come in contact with. Really an extraordinary effort led by Adria Alpert Romm and David Leavy. It was every day. And so, we're not in any rush to get back to those calls because we couldn't breathe. And thank God all of our employees are safe and they've gotten through it. Not so for a lot of employees' families where there have been challenges which everybody is facing, but we're in no rush.  I will say this that it's bringing this company together. When I joined Discovery, for one year, we had a call every morning at 7 o'clock. Every morning. And it energized the company. We're all talking on one page. And we have a call every day, every morning now, every single morning. And if we're all together, what are we doing today? It started out with what's going on with the virus and now it's, where are we winning, how do we press on that, how do we do this differently, how do we get less people in the office. And we've learned a lot. We used to have 14 people in a control room. Now, we're doing it with one.  So, there's going to be very significant change in business when we come out of this, I think for the good, in terms of what we've learned, including how we shoot content and how we pay for it.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Let me maybe add to the Nordics question. We're seeing dynamic growth on our Dplay platform.  Regarding the traditional affiliate deals, you mentioned sort of – having lost deals, we've actually gone dark with one traditional affiliate in Denmark and we're seeing very dynamic growth on our Dplay offering in that market more so than – or above the already dynamic growth in other markets.  And beyond that, we're also very excited about sort of new types of partnership deals with the likes of Telia, Telenor, where we're engaging in broader partnership deals, both on the traditional side as well as in the wholesale B2C relationship for our direct-to-consumer products, which I think is going to be a very fruitful partnership mark.
Zilu Pan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson : Thanks so much. A question for Gunnar, a multi-part, and then a question for David as well. Gunnar, OpEx coming in $100 million or so lower year-over-year in 2020. It's certainly interesting. When you look at the core decline of mid to high single-digits, how much of the costs that are coming out are temporary? How much is permanent?  And then, you mentioned cost flex. To the extent that there's change in revenue versus expectations, where does that flex come from? Would the next round of cost mitigation start to impact DTC efforts or is there still a material amount of flex in the traditional business?  And for David, it reference to Ben's question on streaming, before we start to run with the a la carte narrative for Discovery, do your existing deals with pay TV distributors have any limitations on Discovery going direct-to-consumer sort of a la carte? And I'm sure you would like to work with the cable guys on bundling with broadband. But do you have any concerns about putting satellite distribution at risk?  And I guess, for fun, how much do you think consumers would be willing to pay for a standalone Discovery a la carte streaming service? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Okay. Why don't I start and then I'll pass it to Gunnar? We don't have limitations, but we also have a hell of a business with our existing distributors. And I've been in this business for 30 years. And a lot of those distributors are my best friends. And we've done very well by supporting each other and working together. That's what we're doing with GO, with our authenticated product. And there's 30 million broadband-only subscribers. And so, whether it's Pat Esser at Cox or whether it's Dave Watson at Comcast or whether it's Tom Rutledge at Charter, they're in the broadband business. There is 30 million people that are broadband only.  And so, we are in discussions with all of them about the fact that we have this great package of content. If you take a look at the front screen for Disney, you see Pixar and you see Marvel and you see Disney films and people look at that and go, oh, I love that stuff. And then imagine, they open up and they see HG and Food and Oprah and Discovery and BBC Planet Earth and then behind each of those circles is all the great talent that we have, and we've done a lot of research, and people look at that and they go, wow, those are my six favorite channels, or four of my favorite channels and those are my favorite characters.  So, we all agree in talking to – everyone agrees there's a lot of value there. And so, I think you'll see, over the next year or so, our goal is going to be to do something with the distributors because they have direct access to those 30 million and they have enormously helped Netflix by promoting Netflix and by billing for Netflix and the churn for Netflix and any product goes down when an existing distributor that's billing bills for it and they have a good relationship with all those broadband subscribers because they're providing an incredible service.  And so, I think it'll start with that and it has started with that. And so, I think when you see us move, you'll probably see us move broadly, but also in tandem in a way that creates value for both of us, which is what we've been talking about and I think what a number of the distributors that we're talking to feel good about and encouraged that instead of just doing our own thing, we're in talking to them about doing some things together.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Doug, then on the OpEx side, I want to answer this on a couple of levels. Number one is we're still enjoying significant impact from the transformation of our company. We had a full toolbox here of initiatives that we're still in full swing as we came into the year and we continue to deliver those. And some of the longer cycle cost improvements where we had to put systems in place, et cetera, we're also enjoying the fact that some of those investments are coming down, but we're reaping the benefits now. So, a lot of this is going to be lasting impact.  Now, obviously, there is timing stuff. If you look at T&E, for example, you wouldn't expect us to spend a lot here. So, obviously, that is going to be fired up again once the global economy opens again, and that's explaining some of the variability.  There's also variability, obviously, as previously pointed out in the direct-to-consumer space where we have a lot of subscriber acquisition costs that are variable, but also the pace at which we're hiring, as you would imagine, we're going little slower on hiring right now. So, all those expense buckets are going to start to ramp up.  And then finally, there's content where obviously it's a function of the ecosystem's ability to produce and deliver content and the mix of sort of the in-home content that we've talked about versus, let's call it, traditional production.  So, it's going to be a mix and that that's why we gave that range. Some of the expenses are going to come up when the economy opens again. Others are not. But I just want to reiterate the point, we had a large range of transformation initiatives going into this year. And as you would expect, we're also learning right now and there is additional ideas coming through and going through – in the pipe here right now. Honestly, this company is functioning very well in this environment and there are a lot of learnings for us in a future process setup.
Doug Mitchelson : Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our last question from Rich Greenfield from LightShed Partners. Your line is open.
Richard Greenfield: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I'd just love, David, kind of from a high level, when you think about the virtual MVPDs, I think you all did a great job of getting on to these platforms and sort of using the crowbar of the Scripps acquisition to kind of push your way into a lot of these packages. We saw Hulu last night, on the live side, their growth has really slowed dramatically. I think they had added 100,000 subscribers in the first quarter. Is the VMVPD like – what do you think is going on there? Like, you would have thought with a click of a button, you could add TV during the pandemic while everyone is stuck at home and you certainly didn't see that in Hulu live. What's going on with that part of the business? And is there anything that they can do in your mind to re-accelerate growth?
David Zaslav: I think it's simple. They're charging an awful lot of money. You can get a package of multi-channel television for $10 or $20, sometimes less than $10 everywhere in the world. And if you took sports out, we could do that very easily. And so, I think they're saddled with regional sports networks, saddled with overstuffed re-trends and sports channels, and that's an issue in general.  When you look at that price now and you're not getting any sports, I'm not surprised. We're not seeing that outside the US. The sub levels are up around the world. So, people are spending more time. They're obviously spending a lot more time with our content.  I think there should be a rationalization of the market. And some of the stuff should just get puked out. Enough. And I think, particularly in a moment where we're in a recession and people are really watching every dollar, and you put up a TV set and people waiting in lines to get things, and yet add up what they're paying for sports that they're not getting. And then, you wonder why aren't more people waiting in line for that? It makes no sense. You've got to puke out that stuff and you've got to go to the players in the marketplace that are stuffing that in and saying not now. Back off. Not now.  The thing that's good for us is we're in every single packages, all of them. And one of the things that I think will help us is these things are going to fluctuate. Everyone hasn't reported yet. We'll see how Charlie does. I think in the long run, we don't know how long this is going to last. We're seeing real growth with some of the smaller package players as I mentioned. So, we'll see…
Richard Greenfield: I'm just been surprised how much they've been pushing price rather than rethinking packaging.
David Zaslav: Look, ultimately, the distributors are very, very smart and their job is to serve their existing customers and to keep the customers happy. So, I've always said, eventually, this will get rationalized. But, ultimately – it's way too soon to draw a conclusion. There have been quarters where it looks like we're not losing subs anymore in the US. Then there's quarters where it looks like, oh, no, we're losing a lot of subs. And in the end, we'll see where it ends up. I believe that if we could offer some cheaper packages, we'll do extremely well. But I don't see anything in the marketplace that makes me feel like, well – so we'll see what happens.
Operator: Thank you.
David Zaslav: Okay. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to Discovery Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery’s Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer; JB Perrette, President and CEO of Discovery Networks International; and Peter Faricy, CEO, Global Direct-to-Consumer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at corporate.discovery.com. On today’s call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we will open the call for David, Gunnar, JB and Peter to take questions. Before we start, I’d like to remind you that comments today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q4 and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. We delivered a quarter and year of outstanding progress. For 2019, I’m pleased to report that we met or exceeded all of our core guidance metrics and strategic objectives, and we feel terrific looking ahead into 2020. We continued to deliver on the many promises we made to our shareholders over the last few years. Promises made, promises kept. On free cash flow, we set a goal of $3 billion for the combined Discovery and Scripps. And this year, we over-delivered with $3.1 billion of free cash flow, which is even more impressive given the substantial direct-to-consumer investments we are making. We are a free cash flow machine. I said when we closed on Scripps that free cash flow will be like a moat in turbulent times, the $3 billion plus in free cash flow, like bullets or weapons that we could use. Promises made, promises kept. On leverage, we had promised to bring leverage down from 4.8 times following our deal to our target range of three times to 3.5 times by the end of 2019. And by the end of Q4, our leverage was all the way back down to three times, in large part driven by the $1.1 billion in free cash flow that we generated in Q4 alone. Promises made, promises kept. We expressed our strong desire to return capital to shareholders once we reached our target leverage range. And in only 10 months, we exhausted our initial $1 billion authorization, and we are reloading as our Board just approved an additional $2 billion authorization. Promises made, promises kept. We identified international expansion as a key upside opportunity for our Scripps acquisition. This year, we expanded distribution of our lifestyle brands to an additional 100 million new households across both free-to-air and pay, with food and home content and channels supporting our significant international growth in 2019. All of which speaks to the truly unique position we enjoy within the industry, supported by the best and most stable management team in media today. We continued to deliver consistent execution even in the face of a rapidly changing ecosystem. In the U.S., we delivered solid advertising growth in the face of difficult domestic ratings trends. And 5% domestic affiliate revenue growth was supported by our broad coverage across the virtual MVPD landscape, with better carriage more broadly than virtually any other media company in the U.S. International advertising revenue growth of 5% was in part driven by continued strength in our commercial share, while international affiliate growth once again achieved double digits, reflecting underlying tailwinds for both linear and direct-to-consumer. In 2019, we also accelerated our direct-to-consumer pivot with a focus on two key pillars: Number one, big scalable view products like our broad aggregated apps in Europe, Dplay, Joyn and the TVN Player. These are local language, local sports, Hulu-like platforms, and we are seeing superb and very encouraging momentum and acceleration in trends in this space. The key to these over-the-top products is that they’re local, local, local. In addition, we have our best-in-class aggregated GO streaming apps in the U.S., which continue to grow quickly and show meaningful scale growth. And as we’ve mentioned previously, we are focusing hard at aggregating our brands into an OTT service here in the U.S., a major focus for our management team and me as we look to reach all passionate fans across all platforms and methods of distribution with our great IP, our great characters and our great stories. The second key pillar is our growing affinity view-and-do products focused on our passion verticals like food, sports and lifestyle. Much of the content on our view-and-do platforms have largely been amortized and afford us an incremental monetization opportunity, a second bite at the apple, and also encompasses our short-form strategy with our Group Nine investment and their strong affinity brands like NowThis, The Dodo and PopSugar. We like our hand in this rapidly evolving ecosystem, and I have total conviction on the simple but valuable principle: Audiences love our content. They now just want to see it on all platforms. The landscape that is emerging play to our strengths and to our strategic advantage. We generated over $700 million of next-gen and direct-to-consumer revenue in 2019 and are well on our way to exceed $1 billion in 2020, representing a major milestone for us. And it underscores the solid traction we are seeing across all components of our strategy. Our organization is more aligned than ever around this priority. Starting in 2020, a significant percentage of our employee incentive compensation across all levels and rank will be measured by how well we perform against our next-gen and direct-to-consumer goals. Whether measured by our vast library, 60,000 hours, nearly two times the size of Netflix, our current pipeline of 8,000 new hours we produce a year, with the milestone we crossed and held for more than half of last year as the number one most watched portfolio in the United States for women across all of television. We have a very strong portfolio of brands that are consistently ranked at the top of consumer preferences for brand strength and loyalty. We have passionate superfans, authentic talent and characters that are loved in America and around the world: Oprah, Chip and Jo, the Property Brothers, Guy Fieri, Bobby Flay, we could go on and on. And we are not a renter. We own and control almost all of our IP globally. We will continue to serve viewers within the traditional linear ecosystem, much like we’ve done for decades. And we now serve them better than anyone within the virtual MVPD landscape, where we are more widely distributed than any of our peers. And we serve them within our authenticated GO apps, where the average age of our users are below 30. We also believe our aggregate content is very strong on a stand-alone basis and in addition would be a great complement to the many other scripted and AVOD/SVOD platforms that are already in the marketplace. We’re differentiated, and we fit well with all of them. And of course, while being mindful of the balance and importance of the linear pay TV business, we are positioned to create dual revenue stream direct-to-consumer platforms. And we continue to evaluate the possibility of offering an aggregated platform of all of our channels, brands and personalities, quite possibly with the help of any number of distribution partners in the U.S. and around the world. We believe there are a number of direct-to-consumer business models that are scalable, sustainable economically and rational from a cost perspective as we expand and complement the linear ecosystem. And evaluating this opportunity set is a strategic imperative for our leadership team. As we sift through the analysis, we are confident that we are playing a different game than everyone else. The efficiency of our content is unparalleled. Our content costs are under control. And for our affinity fan bases, we are delivering them truly coveted appointment viewing. But the key variable that I keep coming back to that distinguishes us from our peers is not only the good storytelling and brands and characters we bring to our fans, storytelling and brands that drove more female viewers to our portfolio than any other for more than half of 2019, but the economics of our model. Our content is a small fraction of what’s taking place on the other side of the ledger. The overbid, competitive, spiraling out-of-control costs for scripted, new and repeat is astounding. That is not who we are. We aren’t paying hundreds of millions of dollars for content, original or repeats, that we can’t even own. And accordingly, as we begin to scale our products to millions of subscribers, we’ll see profitability very early on. Take TLC’s 90 Day Fiance that is a great example of what I’ve discussed. It is the most watched program on Sunday nights in all of television among all key demos and consistently outdelivers each and every single broadcast network in women 25 to 54 in prime. And we now have 90 Day and spin-offs dominating TV on Sunday and Monday nights almost all year at a cost per episode that is 1/10 of the cost of a scripted series. In addition, the 90 Day Fiance franchise now airs across 170 countries, making it one of our top-rated shows globally. The power of fully owned global IP. Outside the U.S., we’re very excited about the success of our locally differentiated Hulu-like products, such as Dplay. These assets are becoming a meaningful part of our strategy in many key markets. Our JV in Germany, Joyn, crossed seven million monthly average users only six months after launch. And we recently added an SVOD tier, underpinned by ambitious plans for 12 new and exclusive series this year in German language, local. And we plan to combine and launch our TVN Player with Polsat to create the preeminent destination for Polish language content in this important and our largest European market. We are actively exploring additional opportunities to expand our model to other major markets in partnership with local programming leaders, perhaps in other JV-type models, where we believe we offer a winning solution for incumbent broadcasters to align and create compelling packages for consumers. You should expect that we will accelerate OTT services, such as our stand-alone aggregated app in Europe. 2020 is going to be a year where we really begin to fuel what’s working, where we believe we have a strong hand to play, and Dplay is one of those key areas for us. Expect us to play a bit more offense in select markets, particularly where consolidation in distributors means we have to push harder to get full value for our richer content portfolio. One such market where this is taking place is in Denmark, and we are pushing ahead far more aggressively with our OTT solution. In some countries like Sweden, for example, Dplay will be the only place fans can watch Allsvenskan, the local Swedish football league with 200-plus games. It’s a must-have and compelling content in the marketplace and in part, the reason why Dplay continues to be the fastest-growing SVOD service in the Nordics. Local entertainment, local sports, it’s a great combination. We intend to push Dplay expansion to nearly double the number of markets over the next year, up from 10 markets currently, supported by a robust technology platform and exclusive local content. And it’s likely we will see some near-term impact as we accelerate its push. The cadence of affiliate fee growth will become a bit lumpier during this process. However, we are confident of the longer-term financial and strategic payoff. And keep in mind, as I said earlier, our costs and margin profile will enable us to achieve our financial goals at much lower subscriber levels than many of our leading DTC player competitors. And our affinity view-and-do platforms are completely differentiated from the intensely expensive and competitive fight taking place on the scripted side of the industry. Food Network Kitchen continues to ramp up very nicely. We and our partners at Amazon are pleased with the very strong engagement, product ratings and functionality of the service. We recently announced a great distribution arrangement with Sur La Table here in the U.S., opening up Food Network Kitchen to an incredibly targeted audience base. And stay tuned for additional distribution and marketing pushes that we have in the works. For Eurosport, we are within six months of broadcasting our second Olympics across Europe and across all screens. This is our first Summer Games, and we’ll have three times as many events as the Winter. Our teams have been hard at work preparing for the challenge. We are excited to outdeliver the amazing set of games we delivered in 2018, supported by vast improvements in our technology, programming expertise and the delivery platforms. To finish, it is an unprecedented time in our industry. Not only is it measured by the magnitude of change, but also by the speed of that change. We feel confident that our strategic agenda, the fact we are one of the few media companies that own almost all of our content globally, combined with the strength of our brands in connection with passionate audiences, all position us for long-term, sustainable growth. We are singularly focused on strong execution and operational discipline and are always guided by an entrepreneurial zeal that got us to where we are today. This work continues to fuel our strides in building the next generation of growth for Discovery as we position our business within an industry undergoing generational transformation. I’d now like to turn the call over to Gunnar.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David. I am very pleased to present our financial results for 2019, and I am confident in our financial position as we tackle a very exciting global agenda in 2020. Indeed, generating over $3.1 billion in free cash flow during 2019 after funding approximately $300 million of growth investments and nearly 67% conversion of AOIBDA is emblematic of both the cash generative capability of our business model and truly differentiated level of efficiency with which we are operating following our Scripps merger. And we will maintain that laser-like focus on cash and efficiency. Perhaps most importantly, our free cash flow underpins our ability to address the exciting opportunity set that David outlined and to continue investments to support our traditional linear networks while, at the same time, return capital to our shareholders, particularly given that our leverage is comfortably within our target range. To that end, I am pleased to report that we have already bought back $1 billion of stock, and we take our Board’s new $2 billion authorization as a strong sign of support for the initial momentum we are seeing as we lay the groundwork for our future growth plans. And we are excited about what we are seeing across our portfolio of next-generation businesses, which include our direct-to-consumer businesses and the digital element of our traditional business, like our Go products. With this portfolio having already generated over $700 million in revenue in 2019 and being on track for at least 40% growth to over $1 billion in revenue in 2020, approaching 10% of total company revenues, we are very pleased with the early traction. Over the course of this year, we plan to supercharge our expansion of Dplay in Europe, position additional direct-to-consumer initiatives, such as Magnolia ready for launch, start lighting up our BBC natural history content in multiple formats across the globe, significantly broaden the rollout of FNK and drive improvements and expansions across our entire portfolio. To that end, we do anticipate spending more against these initiatives in 2020, which should lead to a roughly $600 million annual investment in the sense of short-term P&L losses from these growth initiatives, representing an incremental $300 million over 2019. It is worth noting that we currently expect these investments to peak towards the end of 2020 or early 2021 at the latest. The year-over-year ramp-up for these growth initiatives is primarily driven by original content and marketing costs to drive subscriber growth, a healthy portion of which is success-based spending. We will also largely complete the initial investment in our own technology stack as well as further round out our management team under Peter, all of which should scale nicely as the business grows. Also, it is important to note that excluding the step-up in expenses from our next-generation and D2C initiatives and the Olympics, our core expense base is planned to continue to decline, which again speaks to our resilience on expense management and high level of operating efficiency. The contribution from next gen and direct-to-consumer will certainly help drive an acceleration in our overall global revenue in 2020, where we currently expect solid mid-single-digit revenue growth on a constant currency basis over 2019. Now this is our outlook as of what we see today and would expect in any business-as-usual environment. Clearly, given the news flow around coronavirus, being a consumer-facing company, we’ll have to carefully monitor these trends. The other key item I’d like to review in more detail is the Olympics in Q3. We will produce our first Summer Games from Tokyo, scheduled to take place from July 24 to August 9. Let me take a minute to provide some color around the games, which like the Winter Olympics that we produced in the first quarter of 2018, is something about which we’re very excited. We continue to expect the Olympics to break even over the life of the deal with monetization and exploitation of rights occurring before, during and after the games. Key revenue drivers will again be: sublicensing, which will be reported in other revenues and comprise the vast majority of Olympics revenues in the third quarter; advertising, which is tracking well with significant uplift versus the 2018 Winter Games; and distribution, which includes both traditional affiliate revenues as well as D2C revenues generated on Dplay and the Eurosport player. Recall, we saw a healthy uplift in the Eurosport player subscriber base during the 2018 Winter Olympics. With the transition to our owned and more effective tech stack, we expect to fare even better through these games. And as a reminder, we expense the entire set of rights fees and production costs during the period in which the games are aired despite the fact that some Olympics-related revenue will be generated post the games. Accordingly, like with the Winter Games in Q1 of 2018, we expect to incur an Olympics-driven AOIBDA loss in Q3 that will normalize in future quarters. We expect the Q3 loss to be in the $175 million to $200 million range. I’d like to shift to providing some commentary about the outlook for the year as we look across our key operating segments. Like last year, we are not providing full year AOIBDA and free cash flow guidance, though I will describe a number of key factors, quantification of the one-off items, headwinds, tailwinds, building blocks, et cetera, to help you understand the cadence around the moving pieces this year. Turning to segment drivers. On the domestic side, advertising will continue to be impacted by underlying trends within the pay TV ecosystem. We continue to fight the uphill battle with cord cutting and cord shaving as well as declining PUT levels, which ultimately lead to lower audience delivery. And while our very strong yield and the strongly growing contributions from our GO business have more than offset these trends, rating headwinds at some of our key networks have put additional pressure on recent results. All of which, though, is fortunately taking place in what continues to be a healthy marketplace for TV advertising. Two months in, we’re forecasting slightly up. And as always, ratings trends will determine where we land. With respect to domestic affiliate, we’re coming off a very strong year, and we feel optimistic heading into 2020. We remain the most widely distributed network group in the industry, though as you all know, we began to lap inclusion in Hulu and Sling in the fourth quarter and will lap YouTube TV in the second quarter of 2020, which places us more in line with the broader industry trends, as we have noted previously. Visibility across this revenue line is also very much subject to shifting consumer patterns in and across different bundles and services as well as the pickup of D2C subscription revenues. Near term, we would expect at least low single-digit revenue growth from domestic affiliate. Turning to international, current operating trends and the outlook within advertising remains similar to what we have seen over the last few quarters on a constant currency basis. Our continuing commercial share growth across many countries, in part from broader distribution of Scripps content internationally, continues to support a positive international ad revenue story. Moreover, traction from the advertising side of our next-gen and direct-to-consumer products continues to provide additional tailwind. Also, please recall, we will lap the consolidation of UKTV in the second quarter of 2020. And on the international affiliate side, as David discussed, there are, as always, a number of moving pieces, chief among them is our desire to accelerate the penetration of Dplay, which is finding very solid footing across its growing number of markets. At the same time, we are, in some cases, pivoting to a hybrid model with some of our distributors selling on both a wholesale B2B basis as well as a B2B2C retail basis, while at the same time, driving direct-to-consumer. As David noted, in instances where we had to push harder to get paid full value for our content, we have held firm, much like we did in 2017 in a number of countries, leading up to the 2018 Winter Games. We now can and will take a more aggressive stance with a far faster pivot to a direct-to-consumer model, which we believe is ultimately the stronger move strategically. This, however, will naturally create some near-term impact on our segment revenue growth. And as a reminder, Q4 2018 provided a slightly easier comp, benefiting our 10% growth in fourth quarter of 2019. To that end, we expect that near-term and annual international affiliate revenue will grow modestly slower in 2020 compared with the constant currency revenue growth of 5% in 2019. As many of our growth initiatives evolve and become a bigger part of our overall revenue and as we prioritize investments between the individual initiatives, the balance of advertising and subscription revenue will evolve as well the cadence of expenses and the mix of domestic and international. Against this backdrop, you will have noticed that we are providing slightly less precise and detailed quarterly guidance on revenue line items, where I have come to the conclusion that they would be much less helpful at this point than in the past. Turning to free cash flow, which continues to be a top priority for us in 2020. We expect another year characterized by a very strong AOIBDA to free cash flow conversion rate in the 60% range, give or take. As discussed before, the Olympics are a cash outflow in 2020. We expect cash taxes to return to more normalized levels this year and will be up year-over-year to the low 20% range, excluding PPA amortization. CapEx is expected to be more or less in the same ballpark as last year as we continue to invest in, number one, our growth initiatives; number two, global software and infrastructure spend geared to productivity and cost efficiency; and number three, the final build-out of our global headquarters. FX is again expected to be a headwind both on revenue and AOIBDA in 2020, roughly a negative $120 million impact on revenue and a negative $60 million impact on AOIBDA. On the balance sheet, we will remain comfortably within our target range of three to 3.5 times net debt over AOIBDA. While we’re currently at the very low end of that range, with some of the lumpiness to our AOIBDA, particularly around the third quarter impact of the Olympics and continued share repurchases, our leverage multiple should increase modestly to around the middle of the range this year. And keep in mind that given our normal seasonality and with the Olympics in the third quarter of this year, our free cash flow generation will be somewhat lumpy and skewing toward Q4. Uses of capital have not changed. We will continue to look for opportunities to invest in organic growth drivers. And where it makes strategic sense, we will look at accretive inorganic opportunities as well. And as we are where we want to be from a net leverage perspective, we largely expect to return excess capital to our shareholders. As we progress through peak next-generation and direct-to-consumer investments and the Olympics, from a high level and without getting too far ahead of ourselves, 2021 should have a far more normalized cost curve. We will comp against the Olympics while still enjoying tailwinds from Olympics-related revenues post the games. And we should grow into and begin to scale our next-generation and direct-to-consumer content and technology expense structure. All else being equal, we should enter 2021 with a certain amount of momentum. In closing, let me reiterate my key points. Since closing the Scripps deal, we have relentlessly executed our agenda and achieved our strategic and financial objectives, as evidenced, among others, by our industry-leading distribution, share growth in international and record free cash flow generation, and we have every intention to continue on this path. And overall, even in the face of the secular headwinds facing Discovery and our peers, we expect our consolidated revenues to grow solidly in the mid-single-digit range this year on a constant currency basis. Within that growth, we are seeing healthy traction of our next-generation direct-to-consumer businesses, with associated revenues expected to grow at least 40% to over $1 billion in 2020. Expecting to hit peak P&L investments related to our growth initiatives around the end of 2020, we are set to gain significant operating leverage in these businesses from 2021 onwards. Finally, our Board continues to express full confidence in our ability to execute on our agenda as underpinned by the new $2 billion buyback authorization. I am convinced this is a great value-creation opportunity at these current share price levels. With that, I’d like to turn it over to the operator to start taking questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for the color on direct-to-consumer with the revenue numbers. You talked about peak spending in 2020 to 2021, so just wondering if you have an estimate as to when you might get to breakeven on the next-gen portfolio. And relatedly, I was wondering if you could tell us at all about the launch of Magnolia and the science and nature platform with the BBC. On Magnolia, is this going to be a try-and-do element, a lot like Food Network Kitchen? And on science and nature, do we have any idea in terms of price and whether that’s going to be SVOD versus AVOD? And then I got a quick follow-up. Thanks.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Steven. Well, first on the BBC deal, when you put together their library with ours, we really see it as the definitive collection of science and natural history. And as Iger went after the big brands when he did Marvel, if you think about the big brands, we have the overwhelming majority of nature and science and the big brands, whether it’s Planet Earth, Frozen Planet, Walking with Dinosaurs, Blue Planet and everything that’s produced by us and the BBC under those names for the next decade. And so we think that, that could be quite compelling. And what we’re looking at is, we own that globally outside of the UK and China, their library. Do we go globally with this family product, which we’ve been getting a lot of data on, which looks quite differentiated and very compelling? Or in some cases, do we put that together? When you think about what we have here in the U.S. where for a big portion of last year, we were number one in America for women, beating every one of the media companies. And the quality of our brands, do we put those together? And as we look at the marketplace, we see that a lot of these SVOD services, scripted series, scripted movies competing with each other, look a awful lot alike, a lot of the same movies on them, and people are going to be looking to figure out what could I have in addition to that, those that are not on traditional cable, that will provide a real package of content that they love and that they know how to curate. And curation is going to be a big issue with a lot of these SVOD platforms and is, one of Netflix big advantages is that algorithm, but people are still confused what should I watch next. And when you take a look at us, Discovery and BBC or Discovery and Planet Earth and those logos, and if you look at what Disney is doing and then you see Oprah and Chip and Jo and Food and HG and TLC and ID, most people would take a look at that, and they seem to be saying, oh, that’s all my favorite stuff. And they feel great about it. And so that’s what we’re looking at, and that’s what we’re looking at globally. Do we aggregate? Or do we do we go into the silos, the very powerful superfan silos, like golf and cycling? And we’ll be making that determination soon. But we think this combination of incredibly high-quality content for women that they love and know how to navigate, with great characters and brands, together with the definitive collection of science and nature, in my generation, whether it was World Book or Encyclopedia Britannica, no kid should go to college without watching the majority or a lot of that stuff. How compelling could that be? And what would the churn on a product like that be? And that’s what we’re looking at.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: On Magnolia.
David Zaslav: On Magnolia, we’re going to launch the channel itself. Chip and Jo are doing great. We’ve been – we’ve greenlit a load of content. They’re producing all of it out of Waco. We have a huge team down there. And they’re producing a lot of content, which they’re involved in directly. And we’re going to just make the determination of when we do the direct-to-consumer and how we aggregate it, and we’ll do that soon. But right now, the content looks great. Chip and Jo’s popularity have never been higher, and they’re super excited. And we’re getting on terrifically well.
JB Perrette: Steve, one other thing, just to add to David’s comments on the BBC content, is we are as he said, we’re looking at experimenting. And when we pull it together, either for the U.S. and other markets, we are already beginning to experiment with it internationally, where we’re launching the BBC content on Dplay and seeing how that’s going to drive the bigger package. And so we are already making use of that content in Europe as of now.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. On the breakeven point, Steve, clearly, we’re not in a position yet. We have our models, but I’m certainly not going to talk about breakeven nor margin profiles at this point. We’re in the middle of a full-on transformation. But if you look at what we have said, we’re seeing traction on the revenue side. We are expecting our investments to peak at the end of this year. So that gives you a bit of a sense for what the model might look like. And keep in mind, we have very, very strong economics with our content. In general, it works very well across platforms. And as you think about our rollout of the direct-to-consumer products, content is one of the big cost line items that’s going to scale very well because it’s cost component, and in many cases, we can leverage off of existing linear content. Number two is personnel cost. Peter has been starting to put together a great team. We do expect additional ramp-up of personnel expenses this year. And from that point on, it’s probably going to plateau because we’re essentially leveraging that same team across what we’re doing. And then you’ve got that big point of marketing expenses, which is going to be, to a large extent, success-based. So it’s just important to note, while we are striving to get these products as successful and as widely distributed as possible, we really don’t need a crazy number of subscribers to be operating a profitable business here. And the key point, again, is we’re leveraging off our massive library, 300,000 hours of content in general, 60,000 hours that are currently on our GO platform that we’re sort of actively using here. Some of that’s skewing much younger than our linear networks. So again, bottom line is I think we have one of the strongest economic positions for the rollout of these products. And stay tuned, and we’ll give more color as we go along.
David Zaslav: You see on the scripted series, scripted movie side in that very competitive environment, huge checks being with big battles for extra nourishment. Think of the scale of what we have in terms of the ability to nourish subscribers domestically and internationally. Because that content is not only in English, it’s in every language.
Steven Cahall: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. One for David and one for Gunnar. So David, when you think about the aggregation opportunity within the U.S., if taking all your content, all your brands into one over-the-top product, the question I have to you is, how do you balance the opportunity to actually find people outside the bundle with your need to keep your distributors happy? Like you see what’s happened with HBO, Max and Showtime where they’ve pissed off distributors who no longer support their products. Or how do you balance the opportunity that you see to get people outside the bundle, but to also keep the economics of your relationships intact? That’s one question for you.
David Zaslav: Well, first, we’re delivering, like 20% of the audience. And we’re not proud of this, but we’re getting less than 5% of the money. So and they’re selling in our channels. And our channels have great affinity and very good CPM opportunity for appetite for the cable guys. So we’re an extremely good value, which we’re trying to push on and advance, but we’re an extremely good value, number one. And number two, we’re probably the best actor in the industry. When you look around, we’re not selling some of our best IP. No one’s waking up and going, whoa, you sold your best IP to Netflix. You sold your best IP to Amazon. We don’t do that. And when we walk in and talk to our distributors, they’re like, what’s going on? Why are people doing that? Why are they taking great content off the bundle and getting trying to get short-term economics? We’re not doing that, which gives us a real equitable position. And we have great relationships with our distributors. So we start with them. I was talking to Rutledge last night. And we’re in discussions with all of our distributors. The GO platform is a great example. Hundreds of millions of dollars of young people that grew up watching our channels, Discovery, Food, HG, ID, that are consuming it on other devices, and we’re monetizing it. And so there’s a lot of win-wins here, where we can take great content and figure out how to get Charter, Comcast, Cox, AT&T, Charlie, how do they figure there’s ways that we can work together to create more value. But the key for us is, we have to reach everybody. We have this incredible content that people love. And we’ve assembled most of the great brands and great characters outside of scripted and movies. And it’s what people spend about 40% of their time on, and they’ve been doing that for the last 50 years. They love that content. And so we feel good about it. The cable guys aren’t going to wake up and find out what we’re doing. They’re going to be in rooms with us figuring out what we’re doing that creates more value for both of us. They have lots of broadband-only subs that they’re only selling Netflix to. And they don’t like it, and we don’t like it.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Let me ask Gunnar because thanks for the Olympic color. But the question would be, what if Olympics don’t occur this year? What’s the impact on the cost side? And then all those revenue buckets you’ve talked about, how are those affected also?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, look, I mean, obviously, on this issue, we’re monitoring it closely. We are following the IOC’s lead, and that’s about all we can do. At this point, we are continuing to prepare for the Olympics. And really, we’re looking internally at all scenarios. To the extent possible, we have taken out some insurance here. So you should...
David Zaslav: Which we took out a long time ago.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. You should rest assured that it’s not going to have any adverse impact on our financials. But JB, I don’t know if you want to add any color from your discussions.
JB Perrette: No, I think what you said is right. We will continue to work very closely with the IOC and follow their lead. And we’re prepared and we’re ready to go, and we’re excited about going. And obviously, should things change, we’ll continue to keep you updated. But we feel like it should be a positive for us. And if that doesn’t happen, as Gunnar said, we’ll come back to you and update you, but it won’t be an adverse impact on our financials.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Maybe the top line number would change because as I pointed out, there is a contribution, but so with the expense line.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I have a couple of direct-to-consumer questions. Can you give us some metrics or color on what you’ve seen so far in Food Network Kitchen in regards to revenue mix, sponsorship, commerce? Are you even seeing subscription revenue yet, given the three-month free trial? Anything you can say on engagement would also be helpful. And then just separately, as you consider all your direct-to-consumer options, whether you aggregate or go with the silo route, would you consider selling your general entertainment content to other streaming platforms, whether it’s Peacock or others?
David Zaslav: Right now, we’re looking at we think that we’re the best global IP company. And we’re the only company that has it in every language with the depth that we have. And so right now, our strategy is to keep it all for ourselves. And if we do partner, it would be partnering more like what we did with ProSieben or what we did with Polsat, which we’re finding as effective. In the ecosystem of what do we think looks really scalable and exciting, I’m personally super excited about this local language, local sports and partnering with other local broadcasters across Europe and Latin America. There is no other company that could do that. There might be a bunch of companies that would like to do it. But we’re in every country, we have a significant library in every country. We have commercial teams in every single country. And you could just – that idea and the way that people are reacting to it, it’s just you have Netflix out there and Disney+ coming, two great, great products, but they’re always going to be 90-10, 80-20. And this idea of having local sports and local content feels quite good to us, and we’ll keep you up-to-date on that. Peter, do you want to talk about our...
Peter Faricy: Yes. Good morning, Jessica. On Food Network Kitchen, we’re very pleased so far. We’re five months into this, we’re still in the early days, but I think the signals we look for are signals like what’s the customer rating and how strong is the engagement, how big of a funnel are we building. And I think we’re very pleased with those the early results on those so far. If you take a look at our product ratings, in iOS, we’re up to a 4.8. But we’ve been at 4.9 the last two months. So out of the gate, that’s a really, really great feedback from our consumers that we’ve built something that they love and they’re using quite a bit. And when you see a rating like that, you end up seeing actually, you only get a rating like that, if there’s a lot of engagement. So we’re very pleased with how much they’re using the product. And when we launched this, it was this combination of entertainment and utility that we think is an innovation. And so far, that’s exactly what’s happened. The second big thing is we’re excited about the amount of interest we’ve had from partners. And our partnership with Amazon, as David discussed earlier in the call, Amazon is very pleased so far. I would say, they’re very pleased with how much engagement they’re getting with Alexa. But for them, this is one of the most innovative apps on the Fire TV platform and beyond. So stay tuned. I think we have more to do with Amazon as the year goes on. But we announced a few weeks ago this partnership with Sur La Table that we’re quite excited about. And the idea of that all these customers that are naturally attracted to cooking, who are visiting a Sur La Table store, either to buy a product or be part of their membership group or take a cooking class, are all going to get a six-month free trial that rolls to pay is quite exciting for us. So we’re excited to see how that turns out. You asked about the revenue mix, and it’s still early, so I would imagine this is going to evolve over time. But it’s been about 45% ads, 45% subscription and maybe 10% commerce and other partnership activities. But I’d say it’s still early in the game. We’re, again, quite pleased with how much activity we’re getting in the free layer. The people who are subscribers have become very, very active users quite quickly. So we’re optimistic and look forward to giving you guys more details as the year goes on.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask either Gunnar or JB. Gunnar, in the prepared remarks, you mentioned you’re taking a more aggressive stance internationally, considering a faster pivot to DTC and talked about the impact of affiliate revenues over there. Could you just give us a little more color on sort of on what’s driving the relationship between that pivot and sort of slower revenue? I would have thought more aggressive stance would lead to sort of higher affiliate fees or at least maybe a bigger opportunity in DTC. Just trying to understand the there. And then, David, there’s been a lot of M&A in the AVOD space or some M&A, some speculated M&A in the press, like Pluto, Xumo, Tubi. I’m just wondering what your view is on the AVOD market and whether there’s inorganic opportunities. Or if you’re passing up on these, sort of why you think these are less interesting than building the business organically?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Great. Thanks, Ben. On the on your first question, I think it’s a timing issue. The reality is we do see and part of the reason why we’re making some of these more aggressive pivots to direct-to-consumer, number one, is we’re seeing, as we look at closing 2019, some of the fastest growth rates of our direct-to-consumer, particularly Dplay subscriber growth that we’ve ever seen. And even kicking into this year, we had our highest net adds in January that we’ve ever had. And so we’re seeing that growth curve accelerate. And so when we see that opportunity, the product, as Peter mentioned, for FNK getting better and better, we want to lean in. And therefore, the timing is really one where we may take some of the distribution, traditional distribution money off the table to lean into the OTT space. So what it creates is, to your question about the affiliate or distribution revenue line item, is just the timing difference, where you’ll see some of the hit short term, but the benefit and the growth come in over the medium, obviously, to longer term. And so that’s the reason why you may see a bit more lumpiness in the near term as we accelerate into that growth that again we saw accelerate in 2019 and in the first few months of 2020, we’ve seen continue to accelerate.
Ben Swinburne: I got it. Thank you. That’s helpful.
David Zaslav: On the AVOD, I think it’s pretty fluid in terms of AVOD/SVOD. And the way that the world used to think about this was everything had to be subscription. But for instance, in the cycling and golf space, being able to aggregate millions and millions of people that love, that have an affinity for free for golf or for cycling and have that and aggregate that globally is quite attractive to advertisers. And you also have the ability to do shopping-type applications, so that you can view golf as having a subscription level, but also like a virtual global broadcast network for people that love golf. They might not be they might have to pay to watch Thursday through Sunday, but they can come and they can read about the golf course. They can see short form from Tiger. They can see get a little bit of instruction. They can figure out where to go on a golf vacation. And more and more, we’re seeing that advertisers are saying to us, we want to get access to those people, same on cycling, same with food. We’ve built a very big funnel under food for people that want recipes. And so that balance of, how much do you put behind the paywall, and how much you put below is something that we’re trying to figure out. But this idea of getting affinity groups globally, we think AVOD, aggregating a global virtual broadcast network of people that want recipes and love food. That could be quite monetizable. And so we think that, that’s a and remember, one of the big advantages for us is we’re owners. And so we’re really we don’t we really don’t want to get into the business of buying a product and then going out and trying to rent for a very high cost. And then two to three years later, you got to pay up to keep it. So we really like our model. And we think AVOD actually is compelling. And over time, we’ll take you through these big funnels of AVOD and how we’re monetizing them from advertisers or for transaction. And then the subscription side, which we still think is going to be a very compelling piece and is a piece that we’re driving around the world.
JB Perrette: I think the only other thing I’d add, Ben, is to what David said is, as we found in the linear world over the last three decades, having these brands and these superfan groups, where you own the category from a pricing and an advertising perspective is hugely valuable. And so what we’re seeing and what Peter is building, whether it be around cycling, whether it be around food, whether it be around Magnolia, we don’t have to actually have an algorithm to define the customer base and the user base. We own the category. And so the endemic value of that is way more powerful from a pricing perspective than the algorithmic value. And so I think that’s something that also, we think, is going to be a big, big tailwind as we get further into this.
David Zaslav: The biggest challenge over the next decade, with people consuming more content than ever and everything being available is curation. What do I watch? Basic cable had real curation. It was that every one everybody watched six to eight channels. But everyone in the family had a different six to 8. In the Wild West world of every all the IP is out there. Even if you subscribe to a lot of these services, the big challenge is going to be when you get there, do you have anxiety? Are you confused? Do you know how to navigate it? What’s there that I love? And I think one of the big advantages that we’re finding in the testing that we’re doing is when people land on our products, AVOD or SVOD, the reaction is, oh, this is there are the brands that I love. I know exactly where to go. There are the characters that I love. I want to spend more time with them. And I think that is going to be over the long term, a huge value to us versus going out and telling everybody to watch a show.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you both. That’s helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you so much. Just sort of two follow-up questions on your comments on streaming. First, on the incremental investment spending in this year, how much is sort of put to content versus sort of technology? And then my other one is just if you can maybe talk broadly about how big you think the addressable market is for Dplay and your other SVOD services.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Let me start with the incremental investment. It’s essentially a very similar structure to what we have done in 2019 as well. So content is by far the largest line item here, you can assume roughly half of the spend. And then, as I said earlier, we are ramping up Peter’s team further, and that’s going to have a significant impact in 2020. Peter has been very successful in bringing in a lot of great people with great credentials, and that’s helping us pull in more junior people below. So that’s on a great track. But obviously, it’s going to be reflected in personnel expenses. But as I said earlier, I expect that to plateau to a certain extent and then get some operating leverage as we grow the businesses further. So those are those are two of the key components. And then the third one, and again this is a little bit in flux, as you would expect, is performance marketing, and that’s clearly the hardest to predict. And as I’ve said many times, we will absolutely keep the flexibility to get behind something that we see working very well and potentially to cut back on spend in other areas if we don’t see the return opportunity. I hope that helps.
JB Perrette: On the Alexia, on the question of the addressable universe for Dplay, look, we think we’re in the first inning here. Even though we’re seeing great scale, the reality is, if you just look at our European footprint, we address almost 700 million people across the European footprint. We are aggressively going after, obviously, Northern Europe, which is a smaller subset, but a wealthy and a high-paying subset, a very attractive demographic in the Nordics. We’re going after Germany with Joyn, almost 80 million people there. We’re going after Poland, our biggest current market in international and also a sizable market. But we also have presences now in Italy, in the UK, in Spain. And so we’re in early days, but we think the addressable market in Europe for the leading local content player in those markets is significant.
Peter Faricy: And then I’ll just add a quick comment on the technology investments we’re making. One of the reasons we feel like the peak will be this year in 2020 is that we’re building this central technology platform for all of our direct-to-consumer products. So it will be one platform globally. There’s a lot of advantages for us in doing that. Obviously, one of them is efficiency. We don’t have to keep building the same product over and over again across the world. But probably the bigger advantage we like is that we can actually pivot faster and respond to customer feedback and build products that people love. So if you guys take a look at the product ratings for Dplay, for Motor Trend, for Food Network Kitchen, for all of our GO apps, they have made significant improvements over the last 12 months. And we’re very excited about those. Because if we’re going to win in direct-to-consumer, it’s going to be this great combination of the great content that we have, along with a great customer experience that we can build. And we think we’re in a unique position to be able to do both of those together.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is open.
John Hodulik: David, you mentioned the worsening ratings trends in the U.S. year-to-date. Can you talk about any initiatives you’ve got to turn those trends as we look out into 2020? And then number two, the buyback authorization, I think, was welcome. Anything you could tell us about the timing or the cadence of those repurchases would be great.
David Zaslav: Sure. Well, I think we have a great portfolio of quality channels, and they go up and down. I think, for us, we’re laser focused. It’s what we do for a living. TLC right now is the number one channel in America for women by a lot. And it’s the youngest of all the channels, and the length of view has gone up dramatically. And TLC was like the number 18 channel in America, and a lot of our new content wasn’t working three years ago. So we focused on who is the audience, what are we doing right, how do we do more of it. We’ve been doing the same thing at Discovery. Last year, we really enhanced our blue-chip content, which has significantly elevated the brand. We went out and bought almost all of the quality IP together with the best producers to shore up the quality brand, which we think is a – in terms of sustainable growth is very critical. And we’ve been working on series, and Nancy Daniels and the team, you could see it, where really Discovery is really improving and we’re moving every quarter. ID, we’re looking – ID was growing and growing for the last nine years, for the last nine months, it’s been declining. And so you’re going to see a significant refresh. Henry Schleiff and Kathleen have been working hard on it. We’ll be launching that relatively soon. And so for us, I think, this is what we do for a living. This is the car that we drive, we get in, when we hear a noise we know what’s wrong with it. You can’t always, because of cycle, fix it as quickly as you’d like. But we’re quicker with our channels because we don’t have scripted. And so I think that you’ll see some improvement on that, and you’ll see that – you’ll see us quarter-to-quarter. It won’t be all channels, but we feel quite good about that. The bigger challenge that we have right now, that we’re getting much more excited about, is how we aggregate that IP. I think we’re on to something in Europe. And we’re looking to land it here in the U.S. with the right mix.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And on the buybacks, John, a couple of points. Clearly, we are generating a ton of cash. And again, we have our capital allocation priorities, but we’re returning the cash that we don’t use for our business. The second point is, again, I view this $2 billion authorization as a clear sort of sign of commitment from the Board to the team to the strategy here. And as with the last authorization, I’m not going to put any specific time stamp or cadence next to that. We value the flexibility. Now, that being said, as you heard earlier, we have essentially gone through the entire $1 billion authorization by buying back another $350 million worth of stock in the first quarter. And if you look at the current share price levels, you shouldn’t be surprised to see us very actively in the market right now. Actually, not right now, we’re in blackout, but from in the next couple of weeks.
John Hodulik: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. One for David, one for Peter. David, what kind of time frame would you put around your discussions and your thoughts around a U.S. direct-to-consumer service that might include all the channels? And I think one of the things investors are struggling with is, the ultimate business model behind that. You’re talking about some lumpiness in Europe. Would doing something with Flex on Comcast, for example, be usage-based revenue stream? Would it be a purely advertising sort of revenue share or do you look at this as a way of, we can replicate the existing traditional economics in a sort of direct-to-consumer world in partnership with distributors? That would be helpful. And then, Peter, for you, look, I’m just curious what you see as the execution hurdles or milestones looking forward. It feels like you’ve got a lot of momentum across all of the streaming businesses. Is it a glide path from here and it’s purely a marketing exercise? What would you say are the challenges and opportunities as you look forward? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Hey, Peter, do you want to go first?
Peter Faricy: Sure. Yes, Doug, the – I think the way that I’ve been thinking about it is that the very first step we try to take was to build this foundation, so that at some point, it is a glide path. It’s not a glide path right now, I can assure you. But the first two steps we took were building a really strong team and then building this technology platform. But on the team side, I think we’ve talked about this before, I hired Avi Saxena as our CTO from Amazon, we hired Tyler Whitworth as our leader for Food Network Kitchen and these lifestyle products. And then we’re going to announce later on this morning, I’m happy to say we’ve hired Lisa Holme to be our leader for Content Strategy, and she comes to us from Hulu, where she spent over the last nine years working on content and beyond. So we’re very excited about the talented team we’re building in the technology foundation. We have this great content. And now I think the journey we’re on is three things: Number one, how do we build products that consumers really love? Number two, how do we build partnerships with others who can help us scale these products much faster? And then three, how do we continue to iterate and respond to customer feedback? The lesson I think I learned over my time at Amazon is, there’s very few things that are a silver bullet and come out of the gate and are already instantly successful. This is a journey in these consumer products, we’re on a journey for the next 100 years to build these products and get them to be better and better and better over time. But I do think getting most of our products over the technology platform in 2020 and 2021 is going to make the incremental investments we need to make in technology smaller over time. And more and more of our attention will be focused on the content and the marketing as we go.
David Zaslav: Yes. On aggregating our content, the appeal of our content to people on other platforms, we’ve seen a lot have proved out in GO. And one of the things that I wanted to point out is, we are driving people to GO because we make twice the CPM on that platform as we do on the traditional platform. And the length of view is higher and the age is younger. And so one of the things, when you look at our ratings, is you don’t see that all day long, we’re telling people on Food and HG and ID and Discovery to go to GO and OWN. And every time somebody goes to GO, it’s caching for us. And they’re spending more time with us, they’re on the devices, and we’re getting double the money. And so for us, number one, when you look at our ratings, unlike anybody else, we are literally pushing people off-platform because from our model and it’s one of the reasons you can see like you did last quarter and the quarter before that, hey, it looks like your ratings were down, how did you do so well, because, we’re pushing people to a better monetization platform. We are talking to distributors. And we’ll come out when we’re ready. We want to come out with something that works for them, works for us. But there’s no question that we think, because of the monetization on the advertising side, that we can replicate the economics 100%, number one. Number two, is that the value of what we’re offering, when you look at our aggregate package and all the IP that we have, and someone’s paying $110 for cable, $80 for cable, and they grew up watching all of our stuff. And now they can – if we decide to aggregate that, they would have a chance to see all the stuff they love for a lot less, so we think on both ends of the ledger. And the answer may be that we do both in a way that’s quite clever with the – working with the distributors and then in the ecosystem for people that are paying, and which is what we’re doing now with GO and having some aggregation there, which would drive viewership and increase the value of the overall experience for consumers, and then have people that are not on the platform, that aren’t subscribing to cable or satellite have an opportunity for very for not too much money to be able to get the best of what’s on in cable with a bigger library than Netflix. And there may be some people that want to do, a lot of people that want to do both. They want the optionality. So that’s what we’re trying to figure out. We’re talking to the distributors. And we think we have – because we own everything, we can move very quickly. And because we have the platform already in place, we can move very quickly. And I think you’ll hear from us in the near-term.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Doug, I want to add one point to what Peter said on the milestones point. It’s another case of us doing what we’re saying, saying what we’re doing. You heard us, especially Peter, talk a lot about how we’re focusing on the input factors first, and we’re building a product, how we’re getting App Store ratings up, how we’re driving engagement, et cetera. And again, we’re very happy with what we’re seeing, and you should view the fact that we’re talking about next-generation revenues now as our commitment to start turning that into financial performance as well.
Doug Mitchelson: I’m looking forward to that long term target. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Miller from Imperial Capital. Your line is open.
David Miller: Yes. Hey, guys, great numbers. Gunnar, a question for you about free cash flow. Other than the outflows with regard to the Olympics, assuming the Olympics happens, any other puts and takes on the working capital side that you can talk to us about as we just sort of model out what free cash flow might look like in 2020 versus 2019? 2019 free cash flow, you’re just absolutely outstanding. I’ve got you guys sort of slightly down, mostly just due to the working capital inputs I have in place right now, but I just wanted to kind of refine that if you’re willing to kind of expound on that thought. Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, great. Thank you. So yes, I mean, again, I don’t want to give specific guidance here. But again, if you keep in mind that we have already funded $300 million of direct-to-consumer investments here in 2019, the underlying core run rate was actually at $3.4 billion. And this is going to continue to be a huge priority for us. My estimate is that we have generated north of $800 million in synergies since closing the deal, and there is more that we’re working on, that’s why I made the comment earlier you should assume that in the core business outside of our investment areas, we will continue to be relentlessly driving for cash and efficiency. Now that being said, I do think that 2019 was an outstanding year and you’re absolutely right, the investments on the Olympics side is something that’s going to bring down the free cash flow to some extent. But we’ll continue to push hard and as you said, I’m glad that we were able to turn around that negative trend on working capital that we have been suffering from for a while.
David Miller: Thank you.
Andrew Slabin: Thank you very much. I think we’ll wrap it up there. Thank you very much, and we’ll speak to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Discovery Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Please go ahead sir.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for Discovery's third quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer; JB Perrette, President and CEO, Discovery Networks International; and Peter Faricy CEO, Global Direct-to-Consumer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.corporate.discovery.com. On today's call we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we will open the call for David, Gunnar, JB and Peter to take your questions. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects of financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2018 and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, let's turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us to discuss our Q3 results and outlook. Discovery reported an impressive quarter of operating and financial results, with performance at the top end of our competitive set. Across all businesses and regions, we met or exceeded our guidance, with a notable acceleration in our international segment high single-digit growth. Overall, a very strong set of numbers by any measure. I believe we have the best operating team in media today. I am proud of what we have accomplished both in the quarter and since our acquisition of Scripps early last year. It is a story of promises made and promises delivered and in most cases overdelivered. To that point, well before we closed on Scripps, we talked about our goal of being able to generate $3 billion of free cash flow. Before the acquisition, we were generating about $1.4 billion and Scripps was generating about $700 million. Today, we are at $2.9 billion for the trailing 12-month period. And having generated nearly $900 million in free cash flow this quarter, we feel good about that goal. On net leverage, we had been relentlessly focused on reducing our financial leverage from the post-merger peak of nearly 4.8 times net debt to AOIBDA. And at the end of Q3, our net leverage of 3.1 times is close to the low end of our target range. We've begun to return capital to our shareholders having repurchased $300 million of our equity or nearly 12 million shares in Q3, with additional purchases in Q4, while at the same time reinvesting in our future growth strategy. From the beginning, we viewed Scripps as much more than a portfolio of cable channels, but rather a trove of global IP, with among the strongest lifestyle brands, programming and personalities in the world. We envisioned a major opportunity to not only enhance their position globally, but also to carve out a differentiated direct-to-consumer strategy. A few weeks ago, we launched another key component of that strategy with Food Network Kitchen, a world-class customer experience in the kitchen with live and on-demand cooking classes with the most celebrated chefs from around the globe. We work closely on all elements of the product with our partner Amazon over the last year to get it off the ground. We are very pleased with the product and very excited about the opportunity of value creation it presents. And to support our broad strategic initiatives, we've taken a major step forward in the seamless rollout of our singularly owned and operated tech stack, on to which all of our direct-to-consumer platforms will sit from Dplay across Europe and Motor Trend OnDemand to the Eurosport Player, our Global Cycling Network, GOLFTV, Magnolia and our factual content service. Everything we said we were going to do, we've done. And looking forward, we are equally focused on delivering against an aggressive set of objectives within an industry undergoing real disruption. Yet Discovery has always punched above its weight, by being nimble opportunistic and flexible in leveraging every opportunity to put our content and beloved brands everywhere consumers are across an unrivaled global footprint. It is core to how we operate. It's our North Star and the engine behind what drives our broader strategy and investments in our future. Today there are more ways than ever to get content to consumers. And we are as well positioned as anyone to leverage every path and platform to monetize our content investment, across both linear and direct-to-consumer. It starts with strategic decisions we made many years ago to control our destiny and build long-term value, by owning and controlling our IP globally, content and brands that people love, which was further strengthened by the Scripps portfolio. We generate roughly 8,000 hours of original content annually, alongside a library of titles in every language that aggregates several hundred thousand. It's a huge competitive advantage, especially as we watch our industry peers on the premium scripted side pay whatever it takes to amass enough content for a slice of the fragmenting entertainment space within the direct-to-consumer market. We are not in that series scripted and movie side of the entertainment business. It's crowded. It's aggressive. It's expensive and it's risky. As women over the past year around America have put their TV sets on, they can choose to watch movies, scripted series. They could watch anything they want. But more have chosen to watch our programming than any other media company, which makes us the number one media company for women in the United States. In addition, our strategy of pivoting into sports has made us the largest producer of live sports outside the U.S., another aggregation of IP that we think is high on the value chain. Our investment in world-class IP defines our beloved brands in areas people love and drives powerful engagement across our portfolio. Our international footprint across 200-plus markets is unrivaled, with an average of 10 to 12 free-to-air or cable channels in every key television market. Owning great content that people love, strong brands and operating at scale is important, but no longer enough. We are also focused on building industry-leading capabilities and proprietary tech IP so we can create truly compelling customer experiences and ecosystems. As I noted we launched Food Network Kitchen two weeks ago, a first of its kind experience offering the most complete food and cooking digital ecosystem, with content and interactive features, as well as the largest roster of iconic cooking talent. We are the peloton of food but we are priced for the masses. We'd like to be in everybody's kitchen. It is powered by a unique partnership with Amazon, as well as the biggest promotional push ever across our network portfolio, with food and cooking being big funnels to drive and create value. Food Network Kitchen is also the first new product to launch on our owned and operated tech stack. And it is becoming increasingly apparent that owning and operating our own tech architecture is a distinct competitive advantage and one that should allow us to further scale opportunities across multiple verticals, meaningfully driving global functionality, efficiencies and speed to market. Peter Faricy who oversaw a marketplace for Amazon has been a big help to us and he's here with us today and will be able to answer some questions during Q&A. Switching gears to our core traditional business. Our performance has been solid. Though domestic ratings are a work in progress across certain properties networks like TLC have been nothing short of a phenomenon in our industry. The team at TLC has done an extraordinary job turning around and building that network. Just two years ago it was the ninth or 10th network in America for women. Today it continues to be the number one ad-supported cable network in prime time for women 25 to 54 and women 18 to 49. Together with TLC and our other networks it allows us to reach almost 35% of women on Sunday nights in America. It's a great, great story. It's what we do. And we're attacking every one of our channels for growth. And at HGTV, A Very Brady Renovation delivered its biggest hit of all time, a prime example of us leaning into our scale with an ambitious creative swing supported across our broad network portfolio.  We recently announced that the Brady Bunch gang will return for a holiday special.  Our portfolio performance helped us secure our position as the number 1 TV destination for women 25 to 54, once again during the quarter. And in fact for the better part of the year and our best-in-class GO apps along with products like Discovery Premiere and Engage form the backbone of a uniquely secular growth narrative within an industry that has been largely static. And as such, we are definitively taking share. On the international front our business continues to show signs of steady growth in part driven by continued programming and audience strength, traction of our direct-to-consumer products, as well as further integration of the Scripps content and brands around the world. Once again our share of market and delivery across our top 10 markets was up with growth of 3% and 2% respectively building upon last quarter's very strong increases. Our international growth was driven by the highest Q3 ever for EMEA, led by strength in the U.K. and Italy both of which delivered record audiences in July and August, up 12% and 9% respectively. This also has helped to insulate us from ongoing macro weakness in these key markets, especially in the U.K. where our commercial share of market has increased to roughly 8%. JB Perette is here with us and can discuss in more detail the strides we are making not just in Europe, but all around the globe. With exciting locally differentiated streaming products gaining traction and expanding, we aim to become the Hulu equivalent in select TV markets in Europe. Our strategy in certain cases has been to partner with key local players that broaden the content offering and share of market. In Germany our JV with ProSieben Joyn which combines 55 channels into one app has become a leading streaming platform since launching in June with more than four million monthly average users. And we announced a few weeks back that in our largest European market, Poland we will launch a single streaming destination to access a powerhouse of Polish content in partnership with leading media and distribution company Polsat. We are very excited about this opportunity and our team is looking at other large market opportunities. I would also add that getting deals like this done is not easy. We lean on our local teams and the credibility and relationships they have built over the years. There's a lot to appreciate in getting these structured deals, content, technology and partnership in the aggregate off the ground. There are a number of markets where we aggregate all of our content and go-to-market alone. And the brand we use is Dplay. And Dplay has now expanded to 10 countries internationally including; Japan, the Nordics, Italy, Spain and most recently in the U.K. and Ireland. Dplay has some great momentum particularly after having been repositioned onto our own tech platform and it's given us a lot of learning about how to position a large aggregated content service. People are consuming more content in the aggregate than ever before, but every programmer is battling for people's free time and attention. And we are driving deeper connections with our fans in a far more cost-effective manner than many others. Behind our brands and personalities big personalities, which have delighted audiences for in some cases decades, we are taking that engagement and those personalities and putting it on steroids, whether it is unique view-and-do experiences like Food Network Kitchen, aggregated AVOD and SVOD platforms in Europe and even looking at lifting large collections of our channels and taking them on to OTT and pushing them into distribution around the globe. We have great assets, resources, IP and an adept management team with local knowledge and infrastructure that are well equipped to succeed across the ecosystem. We are super excited about the direction and opportunities ahead. Our operating performance is strong and stable. And while the industry is undergoing secular challenges, we are facing disruption head on with a very confident operating posture and strategic position. Our focused financial investments in our world-class IP and relentless pursuit of new revenue opportunities makes us a stronger company than we were a year ago and one that is on a path to continued sustainable success. Many thanks and I will turn the call over now to Gunnar.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you David and thank you everyone for joining us today. I am very pleased with our third quarter operational and financial performance. We continue to build momentum as we deliver on our strategic objectives to transform and pivot Discovery. I'd like to share some financial highlights from our third quarter. My comments will be in constant currency terms for our international business as well as for total company unless otherwise stated. And please refer to our earnings release published earlier this morning for a more comprehensive view of all the drivers of our third quarter financial results. In the third quarter, Discovery again achieved healthy operating performance delivering 3% U.S. advertising growth, 6% U.S. affiliate growth 10% international advertising growth which included a full quarter of impact from the consolidation of the three networks acquired from UKTV which added about 300 basis points of growth and 8% international affiliate growth. We grew total company adjusted OIBDA 9% driven by revenue growth and 7% decline in U.S. expenses which helped us to maintain an almost flat expense base. As we've previously flagged, we've anticipated that expenses in our international business will ramp up as we invest for future growth. Turning to one of my priority topics, we reported $884 million of free cash flow in the third quarter keeping our trailing 12 months free cash flow at $2.9 billion which is inclusive of about $200 million of cash restructuring costs, as well as the funding for our growth investments. At quarter end our net leverage was 3.1 times. Now let me share some forward-looking commentary starting with the four key revenue drivers for the fourth quarter 2019. First, for U.S. advertising growth is expected to be again in the low single-digit range driven by the typical dynamics in pricing, digital monetization, the health of the market and of course the impact from ratings which remains the greatest variable impacting U.S. ad revenue growth. While ratings of some key networks have been challenged in the third quarter, we have doubled the amount of premiere content on the Food Network for the holiday season and we are excited about our programming slate for the remainder of the year such that our Q4 estimate of low single-digit growth could turn out to be conservative.  In addition, we expect to continue to benefit from increased viewership on our GO platform further growth from our data-driven Engage product as well as upward CPM pressure from innovations such as Discovery Premiere all of which are contributing to our top-of-peer performance and revenue growth, despite the noted ratings headwinds.  Second, U.S. affiliate is projected to increase in the 3% to 5% range for the fourth quarter and we reaffirm our full year guidance for U.S. affiliate revenue growth in the mid-single-digit range. As you know in the fourth quarter we will let our initial inclusion in certain virtual MVPDs such as Hulu and Sling TV. Accordingly, implicit in this projection is a sequential decline in our core subscriber growth. Third, we expect international advertising growth in the mid-single-digit range, driven by share growth in our top markets and contributions from our digital investments. Contribution from the consolidated UKTV Lifestyle Business is projected to again add 2 to 3 percentage points of growth. While the balance of our international advertising business remains healthy there are some increasingly more challenging markets such as Mexico and Argentina, creating an overall more volatile picture and one that we will keep a close eye on during the remainder of the quarter. And finally, international affiliate growth is expected to be again in the high single-digit range supported by favorable terms in certain new affiliate deals, new channel launches and traction from our suite of D2C products. Turning to total company guidance. We continue to expect solid free cash flow growth for the remainder of the year even as we continue to invest in the build-out of our expanded digital ecosystem and our previously noted step-up in CapEx from such items as global real estate consolidation and transformation projects related to technology infrastructure and software development. Turning now to our direct-to-consumer investments. We now expect the impact from direct-to-consumer investments on full year 2019 adjusted OIBDA to be at the lower end of the $300 million to $400 million range we have previously discussed. And though, we again enjoyed another quarter of total company margin improvement, which was 100 basis points higher this quarter, the expected ramp in our digital investment spending will flow through more meaningfully in Q4 as we have previously detailed with you. Turning now to our capital allocation strategy, our priorities remain consistent. We continue to expect to: Number one optimize leverage. While we are nicely within our three to 3.5 times net leverage range, we expect to continue to delever further towards the very low end of this range. Number two, concurrently we will continue to evaluate value-enhancing investments along with strategic M&A. And number three, finally, we will opportunistically return excess capital to shareholders. As noted in the third quarter, we repurchased nearly 12 million Class C common shares for a total consideration of $300 million at an average price of $25.93 per share with additional purchases thus far into Q4. Before I close, let me quantify the expected impact that foreign exchange will have on our 2019 financial results. Given the movement of the dollar at current spot rates, FX is now expected to negatively impact revenues by roughly $245 million to $255 million and AOIBDA by $90 million to $100 million versus our 2018 reported results. In closing, our results today highlight the consistency of our company's overall performance, particularly at a time of great change within our industry. And I couldn't be more pleased with our strategic and financial position. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to generate healthy free cash flow and execute on our long-term growth initiatives. Thank you for your time this morning. And now David, JB, Peter and I will be happy to answer any questions that you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jessica Ehrlich with Bank of America. You may proceed with your question.
Jessica Ehrlich: Thank you so much. Can you give us some color on what's going on with Food Network Kitchen. I know it's only two weeks but how many I guess users do you have so far? Can you give us some color on ancillary revenue? The shopping app look is amazing. And then on just D2C kind of what your view is? Where will discovery be over the next five years? What are the services can you launch? You have so many brands. What do you think that this will look like to you? Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Jessica. I'm going to hand it over to Peter for the food stuff, but let me address the broader issue. We have -- as you know, we've really shied away from these seven or eight players that are [indiscernible] fighting it out in this entertainment area. It's getting more and more expensive and we believe that three or four are going to make it. And it's going to be a lot of carnage and very, very difficult great companies and good luck to them. But when we look at the overall space, we really have two strategies. One is the people will have three of those or maybe four of those but then they still love golf. They still love natural history and science. We together with everything we got from the BBC, now have a definitive collection of content with Planet Earth, Blue Planet, space, ocean, science that if you think about when we were younger a family would buy World Book or Encyclopedia Britannica because every family and every child should see it. We have a collection of natural history and science content not just in scale in having the majority of it that exists in every language but a collection of content that every family and every child should watch, which is very differentiated from watching scripted and series movies. We have Chip and Joanna Gaines and we'll be launching in 2020 with them direct-to-consumer. And we have cycling and cars. And so we're going in these niches. We're doing a very good job and Peter will speak to it. We are developing a uniform platform so it's very easy for us to just jump on. That platform has interactivity. It has the ability to do -- have commercial to buy things, to buy cycling equipment, to buy golf equipment. And so we think that that's a terrific strategy and it's starting to bear real fruit for us. In addition, we're doing very well with our GO, our direct-to-consumer product, which is growing massively. And it gave us real confidence that people that are not subscribing to cable love our content together with Dplay, which is scaling around the world. And so outside the U.S., you see that our strategy is becoming clearer. We've gotten together with ProSieben in Germany and we announced that we had 4 million subscribers as of last quarter. ProSieben announced this morning that there's now 5 million subscribers that are using Joyn on a regular basis. And when you think of Germany you got Sky Deutschland that's been in business there for 10 years. They don't have 4 million subscribers. Now they have paying subscribers. But in four months or five months we have five million users that are spending significant amount of time with us with Joyn. And the reason is we've aggregated 55 channels and a massive amount of great local content. So Netflix is doing all their thing. Disney will do their thing. But we have local, local, local. Same thing is true in Poland. We announced the deal with Polsat, which is -- we're the largest player in Poland with TVN, the second largest player is Polsat, the third largest player is the government. Polsat and we are coming together to create our own local Netflix product. It worked. It's working very well in Germany. It's working well in Northern Europe with Dplay for us. And we think by aggregating with others we could really be differentiated with local. So that's our European strategy and it's rolling out. It's ahead of plan. We're learning a ton and our platform is working. In the U.S., I'll just say that, we're now starting to examine a new opportunity. I mentioned it in my comments that people could watch anything but they're spending -- we're looking at the viewing patterns of our content our -- the aggregate of all of our channels makes us not just number one for women. But if you think about the basic cable ecosystem, people could watch anything they want but more of them are choosing to watch us. And you have some of these platforms launching with eight Series 10 series or a bunch of movies and series to come. We have hundreds of thousands of hours that people grew up on. And when you aggregate all of our product in the U.S. we're looking now at whether we should just aggregate and you have eight people that are doing entertainment and scripted and we're examining the opportunity of -- in addition to what we're doing here of aggregating all of our content in the U.S. and having something that looks very different is very deep, has great personalities, great brands secured right a through. And so more to come on that in the next several months. But it feels very good right now to us in terms of our niche strategy with passion and depth view and do our strategy in Europe of aligning with the other big players and accelerating into that with Dplay and Joyn and with Polsat. And finally, with all the success we're having here in the U.S. we're saying hey, maybe why not? It looks like we have the most win, we may have the most compelling content and the deepest library of anyone. So with that let me pass off to Peter on Food Network Kitchen which is off to a great, great start and we're super proud of it.
Peter Faricy: Good morning, Jessica. Yes, we're super pleased with the results so far. One of the biggest lessons of my time at Amazon is, if you really want to drive the outputs and the outputs here are things like subscribers and revenue, at the very beginning of launching a new product, you really have to focus on the inputs. So we're obsessed right now with focusing on the inputs. And the inputs that I'll give you some feedback on are about customer ratings, the customer experience, how engaged are they and what do the early customers think of the product. So far we're very pleased. So on the -- one of the biggest benefits of having our own technology that David talked about earlier is the fact that we can build a product that we know consumers will love. And the feedback so far has been terrific. So we have a 4.1 rating across Amazon devices, 4.5 on Android and 4.8 on iOS. So, coming out of the gate, we're very pleased with that feedback. And one of the things that we're seeing from consumers is that many of them were already interacting with us before on Food Network. But in particular, we're looking harder at the feedback from brand-new customers. So these are people -- this is the first time they have an experience with Food Network. Their ratings are even higher than those ratings I just gave you. So that's a good leading indicator that we're headed in the right direction. Number two, as expected the star of the show, if you will, is really our live and on-demand cooking classes. We're really pleased with the engagement so far. Some of the most popular classes -- it won't surprise you. It's Bobby Flay cooking pork chops. One of my favorites was Molly Yeh doing fried cheese pickles. But -- it's a fun product. People are engaged. They're asking questions to the chefs. It's kind of a unique product and a unique experience, and we're beginning to see some pick up across social media of how much people love it. For those of you who have the app, which I hope has everybody on this call, we have Alex Guarnaschelli, Marc Murphy, Rachael Ray, Geoffrey Zakarian and Bobby Flay over the next five days. Bobby Flay, I think is doing three classes on Sunday. So, we have this thing loaded with the best chefs in the world. The consumer demand on the classes has been so high so far that we're actually going to make two changes. We're going to expand the number of live classes from 25 per week to 40. We're also happy to announce the opening of a brand-new Food Network Kitchen studio in Los Angeles. So we're going to double. We have this Food Network Kitchen here in New York. We're going to double our capacity by opening up a studio in Los Angeles. That will allow us to serve customers all across the U.S. well, but also allow us frankly to add more and more classes over time. So, the live and on-demand classes, we're very pleased with so far. And then finally, as you probably know, I think we've talked about this before. November, December and January are the Super Bowl of the cooking and food season. And we are very excited about the marketing plans we have. You will not be able to watch any one of our networks across the Discovery portfolio and not see a reference back to Food Network Kitchen. If you happen to be watching Food Network of the cooking channel, you'll see a lot of very direct references to you can go make this right now on Food Network Kitchen. So we're very excited about that. Number two David mentioned the partnership with Amazon has just been terrific. Most consumers in the U.S. will be on Amazon between now and the end of the year as we have this big holiday shopping season, and I'm happy to say Food Network Kitchen will be featured prominently across the site. And that includes all the Alexa devices and it also includes the very popular Fire TV. So Fire TV has millions of customers right now. And if you tune into Fire TV, front and center is Food Network Kitchen being featured. So we feel like we're on the right track at this point. And net-net we're very pleased with the first couple of weeks of results. The only thing I'd add to David's comments about the bigger portfolio for direct-to-consumer is we publicly announced the couple of things for next year. David mentioned Magnolia. We've also talked about our factual product with the BBC. We also plan to rollout something with cycling and global cycling network. And then I would just add to David's comments and say stay tuned, because we have a bunch of good ideas and we're going to be pretty aggressive I think coming out of the gate. I'll just close with -- a lot of people wonder what was it about this opportunity that drove me from Amazon to come to Discovery. And I think it's really -- we have the most powerful brands in the world. We have these very dedicated loyal consumer bases. And now we're building products that they love. And I think that gives us a chance to really, really innovate and change this industry. So I couldn't be more excited to be here and looking forward to sharing more results as we go forward.
Jessica Ehrlich: Peter, can you just elaborate a little bit on the ancillary revenue opportunity, the shopping and selling other products, whether it's kitchenware or other things?
Peter Faricy: Yeah. I think that's something I'd love to talk about more over time. I think we continue to see people using that feature, but I'd love to give you more feedback on that. And also, we've talked about we want to launch in 2020 the ability for people to be able to buy kitchen utensils and kitchen equipment as well. So, I'd love to talk about -- more about that in a future call. But right now, I think one of the biggest signals we're excited about is it's very hard to have live classes all over the nation every single day. The technology has worked outstandingly well. And that's one of the reasons that I think we really feel like we can scale up the number of classes. We even did a series of classes last weekend with Molly Yeh in North Dakota, live from her actual kitchen which was just wonderful to watch. The customer feedback was incredible. So, we're excited. This has a lot of potential avenues for growth. And right now, we're all in on all those avenues.
Jessica Ehrlich: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. You may proceed with your question.
Vijay Jayant: Great. Thanks. Since we have Peter on the phone, I just wanted to get any sense of sort of the size of your digital opportunity today. I mean you keep talking about all these ions on the file that are sort of growing. But if you had to sort of size Joyn, Dplay, PGA, Eurosport and the like, excluding your virtual MVPD how big is that? How is that sort of offsetting some of the linear pressures that we have in the business? And obviously you have a lot of growth coming. So any help on that would be really, really helpful. And then probably for Gunnar, your margins keep going up. Obviously, we stopped talking about synergies, the $600 million number. It's probably hard to even quantify that now. But how much more room is there on just the Scripps-related synergies going forward? Thanks so much.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Vijay let me comment on those. So I'll start with your margin point. I mean, as you know we had already guided for no margin increase for the third quarter and came in a little better. But I continue to say do not expect further margin increase. We are operating at industry-leading margins. And that being said we will absolutely continue to be laser-focused on the efficiency of this company. We have a lot more initiatives in store. We're continuing to improve our cash conversion, et cetera. But as you know, we're also looking at a number of initiatives on the digital side that Peter just referred to that, we will be funding as we look forward. So, no more margin expansion to be expected, even though we continue to be super focused.
Vijay Jayant: Before you get to the next point, in this area of digital JV, you were the driving force on the Joyn deal on this aggregation strategy in Europe with Polsat and us and going across Europe and leading out with Dplay. Could you just talk a little bit about those, because those are -- it really is a differentiator?
Peter Faricy: When we see, David and myself, Bruce Campbell runs our corporate development were all at NBC back in the days when 10-plus years ago when we created Hulu here in the U.S. and we've seen what that has done over the last 10 years. And so, we not only are believers in the aggregation strategy and the power of local in that context for the U.S. market, but we know that that can work and it can scale meaningfully. And so in a world where a lot of English language international players are, as David said, spending a lot of money on English language scripted content. At the end of the day, for the last three decades as a company, we've learned that as you go out internationally local is incredibly important. And while some of those companies may eventually get to that and certainly are investing in certain areas, it's hard. It takes time. And we already have in many of these markets, very strong positions with the leading local players. And so, we believe that the local strategy is critically important, can be very viable and can be a leading video aggregation streaming service, just like it's proven out here in the U.S. with Hulu. And so whether it's Joyn, whether it's our Dplay apps, we have now -- and you look across certainly the European footprint, we have the leading position in Europe of being able to connect the dots over time on a -- the leading local streaming services in each of the big markets across Europe. And it's working. It's scaling in the markets we have it. And we think that these things are hard. They're not easy to do, but we have real track record. We have experience doing them. We have people who know how to execute these deals. And then we know how to build the right teams and hire the right people to get these up and running. And so, we think that's a very differentiated approach for us that is unique to our strategy across Europe.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And maybe to the question of the size of the opportunity again, as we've said many times, for us it's too early to be talking about a framework of P&L metrics for you guys at this point. But let me just say, we were convinced that it can be material. We've got super passionate audiences in all of those verticals. And as a matter of fact, if you look at our numbers that we're reporting this quarter, last quarter and what we're seeing for next quarter, we're starting to see some material contributions come through on the top-line. And I only see that expanding as we move forward. And the other thing to keep in mind is from a P&L perspective, all of these verticals that we're talking about have the great advantage again that we're not in the business of $5 million per hour production. But we have the benefit of true utility content at very low costs. So I'm excited about the opportunity not only from a revenue growth, but also from the bottom-line perspective. Again, with that being said, obviously, we want to make the right investments. We're not netting for margins in the short-term, but we'll manage for a sustainable long-term setup of this company.
Peter Faricy: Thank you, Bob. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. You may proceed with your question.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi. Thank you. As we look into 2020, any sense how much the Summer Olympics might contribute in, sort of, revenues and costs next year? And is that -- would that be a great vehicle maybe Olympics in general to promote your DTC services?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Alexia, 100%. It's a great year. It's an exciting event that's coming up. And certainly with the transition that JB and Peter have managed for the Eurosport Player it's now on our own tech stack, et cetera. So we're in attack mode for the player for sure. So it's an important event. Financially as we have discussed previously, remember we're going to see about 30% of the total rights costs for the Olympics come through next year. So that is a significant chunk of events that is going to hit the third quarter. And if you keep in mind the monetization, we're exploiting these rights across all levers sublicensing advertising affiliate deals and then our own direct-to-consumer deal. So those revenue streams are all contributing to the monetization, but obviously over a longer term while the expenses are going to hit in the third quarter. And it's also fair to say that given this is later in the year, we'll have less time in the year 2020 to recoup some of those investments because especially if you look at player revenues from additional subscribers affiliate renewals et cetera, those are longer-term impacts on the top line. I hope that's helpful.
David Zaslav: Having said that, it is a great magnet for massive audiences and attention to the quality of what we're able to do. We're the only company that can have the Olympics in 25 languages with local hosts. It's one of the reasons that the PGA TOUR came to us. It's the reason why Thomas Bach came to us to innovate. It was in terms of innovation. Last time we were on every platform and we reached more people under 25 than ever before. And we were just getting started. JB talk a little bit about how we can use the Olympics not just for sustainable growth which you've done but also to promote a lot of these other products golf cycling the Eurosport Player.
JB Perrette: Yes. But, I think, if we look at the Olympics as having several different value streams aside from the direct ones that Gunnar pointed out. And so two or three that are additional to that. Number one, obviously, with the world turning for that 17-day period to the games right in advance of also the fall season launches in a lot of our bigger entertainment and free-to-air markets in Europe we use the games massively as a promotional vehicle to drive all fall seasons and our new lineups across the network. So as a marketing push it will be hugely helpful. It was incredibly successful for us in PyeongChang. Realizing that PyeongChang obviously in the Winter Olympics were only popular in a fraction of the European continent where winter sports are more popular. This obviously being the summer is a totally Pan European and every market is interested in this. So we'll use it from a marketing vehicle for our content mainly. The second piece is I think you've heard David previously, say in PyeongChang even though it was off-cycle in terms of games that probably had a little less visibility because it's winter a little less visibility because it was PyeongChang and not Tokyo which is getting a lot more buzz and a lot more awareness to it than 2018 did. We drove 0.5 million new subscribers to the player in that period during the winter. For now for the summer where the games are popular across the entire continent, where we have the only place you'll be able to get all the games will be on the player. We think we can use that to drive greater -- a much greater penetration for our Eurosport Player product. And then the third is as we look at the broader line of the direct-to-consumer products that Peter and the team are building whether that be Dplay, obviously, Eurosport Player and potentially some of the other products that we are rolling out whether it be Motor Trend et cetera using the Olympics also to drive awareness to the rest of the direct-to-consumer portfolio and try and drive subs in a broader range of our portfolio. Those are really three major priorities for us as we look at leveraging this huge event and the biggest global event in the world to drive value for us across our portfolio.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. And again just, sort of, staying on international for a quick follow-up. Just given the initial success of the launch of your Network Kitchen and your expansion plans already in the U.S., I guess, how should we think about the time line for the rollout in other international markets?
Peter Faricy: Yes. We -- our current thinking is regrouping at the very beginning of 2020 and choosing with Amazon our partners in this a few more countries to launch across the world. And I think JB and I are very excited about the opportunity. I think, JB mentioned on the previous call we actually have some food assets outside the U.S. that are quite popular. That extends all the way through Asia as well and the Middle East. And so we're going to kind of take a look at where we think we have the best localized content to leverage already because we like to own our own P and have a head start and -- where we can get the biggest benefit from having Amazon and where we think we can serve consumers best, but we absolutely plan to roll this product out beyond the U.S. in 2020.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Drew Borst with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed with your question.
Drew Borst: Thank you for taking my questions. You guys outlined a lot of your DTC efforts that you already have in the marketplace. There's obviously a bunch on the come for next year. I was hoping that you -- just taking a step back, I want to understand the base of revenue that you guys have now like say this year? Because I feel like there's a lot of services. They're in a lot of different segments across a lot of different revenue lines. But I don't know if you'd be willing to share just sort of what is kind of the revenue of this broader DTC business globally say, for this year.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Drew so, we don't break that out specifically because as you say it's several contributions in multiple lines of business in the two segments. But as I said before, it's starting to meaningfully contribute to revenue growth and it has been for a couple of quarters. And I expect more of that next year. And just to give you an order of magnitude it's several hundred million dollars of total direct-to-consumer revenues that we already have to-date.
Drew Borst: Okay. Thank you. And then you mentioned that -- the OIBDA impact of these investments you expect to be at a low end of the original $300 million to $400 million range. I was wondering if you might be willing to share what you're thinking for next year in terms of kind of an OIBDA impact?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. So let me take a step back here. When we defined that original $300 million to $400 million envelope keep in mind a lot of these individual products were business plans at that point. So there's a certain amount of uncertainty and we have been prioritizing products against each other. That's why we've come in at the lower end of that spend envelope around $300 million rather than towards the top end of the $400 million. As I said earlier you should expect that in Q4 as we fully get behind Food Network Kitchen from a marketing perspective as well and all the other products we've got internationally that you'll see some more investments come through. And it's too early to talk about specific numbers for next year. I mean, we're still in the process of budgeting. But you shouldn't be surprised to see increased investments. Keep in mind Food Network Kitchen is going to be a full year plus some global markets. We've got a handful of new markets coming online for golf. Eurosport Player is going to be the priority with the Olympics. Dplay has seen a tremendous run extremely successful in terms of the subscriber uptake. So we really want to get behind that as well. And then we've got new products coming to the market with Magnolia in -- around the summer with our factual products that's in the making. So with all that you should assume a little bit of an increase in investments. Again, too early to talk about specific numbers. And then as we've said earlier as well I want to have the full flexibility to be able to get behind products that work because with all of these products it's the drumbeat that Peter laid out initially focused on the input factors make sure that we have the right product, make sure we're seeing the engagement of first adopters. And then once we're convinced that we're onto something, we really want to be able to get behind performance, marketing, and really spending up to lifetime value to scale those products quickly. So there's very likely again going to be a bit of a range as we talk about.
David Zaslav: A good way to think about it is, we're doing a terrific job, great leadership team driving down on the existing ecosystem, everywhere in the world. We're on the leading end of performance in terms of our ability to -- we're growing ratings outside the U.S., our ability to commercially monetize that, our relationships with distributors, the ability to launch new channels everywhere in the world where no one else can. So the existing ecosystem we're very effective and we're driving hard. But what you're seeing now is we're mounting a massive attack with all this IP as our artillery on everybody else, because everyone should have our content. So whether it's Food Network Kitchen, whether it's Golf, whether it's the Eurosport Player, whether it's Motor Trend, Magnolia those are siloed passion driven attacks. And Dplay across Europe is picking up. Everybody that doesn't subscribe to cable and those who do subscribe to cable with SVOD and AVOD products and that's what we're looking at in the U.S. is stepping up a full-on attack, mount and attack with our differentiated content against -- to serve --super serve and serve viewers and people that own phones and people that just love the characters and content that we have and delight in the fact that we're differentiated. Everybody knows who we are. We don't promote ourselves because we have a show. We don't have to tell everybody come watch a show. They want to come hang out with the characters we have and the brands that we have. And so we're starting -- we're looking at things very differently because the passion for us as a group of IP seems to be very, very sustainable and strong.
Drew Borst: Yeah. And I assume David, what you're talking about seems to be like taking your channels and offering a suite of direct-to-consumer suite. And I just want to confirm, I assume you wouldn't say this, but there's no contractual restrictions with your current MVPD partners in terms of content or anything that would restrict your decision making or your ability to do something like that just to confirm?
David Zaslav: We have an ability to do whatever we want, but we're probably the most -- we've been the most friendly company in terms of the existing ecosystem. And we're looking to continue. We're talking to existing distributors. We're in the marketplace. We started by talking to customers about their confusion, about all these offers of what scripted series should I watch now? I got 20 of them in the hopper. And we're finding some great information about what we have and how valuable it is. And we're now trying to evaluate the best way -- we want to preserve the existing ecosystem. And we think that we have an ability to also attack everyone that doesn't subscribe to cable and have them have an opportunity to watch the great content they grew up watching.
Drew Borst: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next call -- question comes from Steve Cahall with Wells Fargo. You may proceed with your question.
Steve Cahall: Thanks. And I joined a little late, so apologies if I missed this. You've got now all these digital initiatives and they're sitting nicely under Peter. I was wondering if you think there's a point in the future, since it's such a broad portfolio that you might be able to give us some sort of goalposts or like a revenue range of what you think these can do on a run rate basis? And then on the buyback side, I was just wondering how we should think about it? Do you think about this is now a structural thing where you can generate a few billion dollars a year in free cash flow. So there's always going to be a couple of billion dollars a year that you can use to buy back stock now that you're at this level of debt? Or is it more opportunistic than that? And just last one related to free cash flow. Next year, are the Olympics a drag on free cash flow? Or are they just a drag on EBITDA when they hit in the summer? Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: All right. So let me start with the digital initiatives and the goalpost. I understand the desire to get as much of a modeling framework as possible. As I have said many times before, we want to maintain the flexibility right now to try things and to fail if we have to fail or to get behind stuff that's working. And as Peter said, we're really focused on input metrics rather than trying to chase metrics further down the funnel, be it subscriber numbers or let alone revenue and profit numbers. So that's why it is very early. The other thing is -- one thing to keep in mind -- again this business drives our two reporting segments, the U.S. Nets the D&I segment. So there's always that element that these businesses are all embedded in our regional structure. Now that being said, I do think -- and again it's a little early for that but I would expect that as we go through next year with more product launches and more let's say track record on existing products that we will increasingly start giving more disclosure here. But again I don't think it would be helpful right now to get too granular. And it wouldn't be responsible either because again it's very early days. Number two on the buybacks, look I mean we've been saying the same thing for the longest time now and our priorities haven't changed. We are now at 3.1 times. Very soon we'll be at the lower end of our target range. And again I do continue to want to take advantage of our balance sheet here. And we're funding all the investments as you could see in our numbers here. We will continue to look for M&A opportunities. But you all know that that's easier said than done. We would do another Scripps acquisition any day, but they're not that available. And to be honest with you, if I look at the buybacks that we executed last quarter, those are going to be great investments. And honestly investing in our own stock sets a very, very high bar for every M&A activity. So this idea of investing in ourselves be it through buybacks or be it through funding organic investments on the D2C side is going to be a priority.
Steve Cahall: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. You may proceed with your question.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. A couple of questions. David, I mean you're mentioning what sounds like a pretty remarkable strategic shift with your direct-to-consumer strategy in the U.S. So I was hoping for some more clarity. Are you talking about taking your library of content and going direct-to-consumer? Are you talking about actually taking your current content on the live networks plus the library going direct-to-consumer? Are you talking about doing this in combination with other content companies or leveraging other platforms like Peacock? Or is this something that you would do yourself?
David Zaslav: Look what we're doing is we're looking at the strength of our IP in the U.S. in the aggregate. And we're looking at -- and talking to consumers, how much they love it. We see through our GO platform, how young the people that are using it and how much time they're spending with it. And we're now looking at what -- how do we take that content. We're already doing it independently. Is there an opportunity for us to take that content on a broader basis to reach -- to mount and attack on those that are not existing cable subscribers. That's the full ecosystem. That's what everyone is looking to do and needs to do, which is take the great IP and reach everyone. We want everyone to watch our content. And we have to do it the way we did it in Germany. But candidly, we haven't wanted a partner in the U.S. because all those entertainment platforms don't have enough. They've spoken to us. And we look at what they have is differentiated. They're part of an overall entertainment pie. And they each have a piece; none of them have it all. We have almost all of each of our platforms. And when we put it together we have something that's compelling. And so we'll be looking at that over the next few months.
Doug Mitchelson: Very interesting. And Gunnar, you were threatening to continue to delever but there's only 10 basis points left to go. And you just talked about capital deployment a little bit. If you're doing close to $3 billion of free cash flow next year and you're basically at 3.0 times as you end this year, it sounds like either that's going to M&A or capital returns. The only other thing that would be an input in the model is if you were investing so much in digital initiatives like the one David is talking about that EBITDA would be pressured. And that some of that cash flow would have to go to pay down debt. Am I, sort of, thinking about all that right? And is that last scenario in play?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, I think you're thinking about it right, but let me make one thing very clear. I don't see any scenario where we'd be spending that much in Peter's investments here that there will be a really material impact on our free cash flow. We will prioritize those investments but this is not…
David Zaslav: And one of the reasons is that, if you think, the jewel for HBO's Game of Thrones, our jewel on Food Network Kitchen, might be Martha Stewart cooking for Thanksgiving or just cooking -- doing a live cooking class every day. If we find that they really love Martha or they really love Bobby then we can -- we don't have to wait 1.5 years. It doesn't cost us $8 million an episode. The next week we sit down -- everyone working with us is having a great time. And even with our existing content, our average cost of content is -- has stayed relatively flat. In some cases, we've been able to maybe do a little bit better. But -- and our average cost of content is $0.5 million an episode. On Sunday night, we're generating a 35 on -- with 90 Day Fiancé on TLC. And the cost of that content is -- it's the number one show on television on Sunday night. And the cost of that content is actually less than that.
JB Perrette: I think, the other thing -- Doug, its JB, I think Dplay and the traction we've had internationally has also opened our eyes a little bit, to the fact that we all focus -- and particularly obviously for the U.S. focus on what's happening to the pay-TV bundle and subscriber loss. I think that's the defensive way of looking at it. The offensive way to look at it which is what we've seen internationally is, there's also enormous -- and in some markets obviously like the U.S. growing percentage of base that has never or doesn't have access to our content or is choosing not to have access. And yet would love it. And so when we look at a market like Italy, which essentially has more than 70% of the population is not signing up for pay-TV. As we've launched Dplay in that market we've realized, now rather than just holding on to the 30% penetration of pay-TV, we got to get much more offensive about going after the 70% that never has had it. And that's a whole new target base that -- as we're seeing early numbers is looking at our content and saying, we'd love to have this. And so that's an exciting way of looking at it. And I think, part of what David is referring to in terms of us looking at the U.S. market and having sort of that same question.
David Zaslav: The one point on the current ecosystem, Charlie announced this morning, that he added 150,000 subscribers, with 214,000 Sling subscribers, which is a skinny bundle. And we are -- on every skinny bundle, we happen to have very good carriage on both of the Sling platforms which I don't know that anybody else does. So we'll be the beneficiary of that. But it's a directional point. 214,000 subscribers and they don't carry any regional sports. Charlie is not putting regional sports on Sling. You talk about this overstuffed bundle, retrans, sports networks regional sports networks. It's all weighing down this industry. And here's Charlie. He just takes the regional sports code off. And he picks up 214,000 subscribers. And if you take one of our distributors out, that has been working on getting rid of non-performing subscribers. And you see we're slightly down. We may be flat. So I don't know, if this is going to be a pivot. But if there's a skinny bundle that can get some acceleration and we are seeing a rotation into some of these, what I would call, MVPDs, we have very good carriage on all of them, better positioned than anybody. And maybe this is a moment where the U.S. can -- if the existing distributors can get some courage, I think they can start to benefit the consumers which is, "Hey I don't want to pay $100 and get all these regional sports networks. I don't want to pay for all the sports. I just want some great content. That's what I spend time watching. So I think Sling is very encouraging. And it's a good mark for the industry. Stop stuffing the damn bundle, serve the consumer.
Doug Mitchelson: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. You may proceed with your question.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I have just a couple for JB. I just wanted to learn more about, how you think about what markets do you partner with a local broadcaster or you go it alone. And in those markets what have you learned? Or how necessary is maybe the local content versus just taking your discovery products into a Dplay mode?
JB Perrette: Yeah. So, I think our view is generally. And as sort of David referred to in the Poland example, we think the faster and the more local aggregation can come together the better. And so in that market where essentially between us and Polsat we have about 70% of the audience share in the market. I think that sort of answers the question of we view that -- even though, we have -- we are the largest broadcaster in Poland as an example. And we do go it alone. And we're seeing traction and growth on our own. We think that making it easier back to what David just said about, lead with the consumer, that the simpler we can make it, in aggregating content, in a good experience, for the consumer wins. And at the end of the day, even with a 30% share of audience plus in a market, if we can partner with another big -- one or two big players that have meaningful share and make it even easier with more great content will locally differentiate it. So that is always going to be the better approach. Whether we can get that done in every market, look, obviously is something that's a work in process. But I think, as broadcasters around the world are realizing that the model has to change. And that their future is going to be entirely based on how quickly and how well they can pivot to the streaming world. The good news is, Discovery with our track record of putting these partnerships together, developing these products, scaling these products. We're a unique partner and the most credible partner and in a lot of these markets to pull it together.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Discovery's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President of Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery's second quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer; and JB Perrette, President and CEO, Discovery Networks International. You should have received our earnings release, but if not feel free to access it on our website at corporate.discovery.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we will open the call for David, Gunnar and JB to take questions. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2018 and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning and welcome everyone to our Q2 earnings conference call. Discovery had a strong quarter, with healthy operating and financial results with the benefits of the Scripps acquisition flowing through all areas of our global business, while making significant strides across a number of our strategic initiatives around the world. We are on solid financial footing and remain extremely well-positioned, to continue our pivot towards the streaming and direct a consumer marketplace, where we see exciting opportunities to aggregate and super-serve global fan communities. For the quarter we met or exceeded all of our core guidance metrics, with accelerating revenue growth both domestically and internationally. This quarter, our numbers are 6, 5, 5 and 3. We achieved 6% domestic advertising growth, 5% domestic affiliate fee growth, 5% international advertising growth, and 3% international affiliate fee growth. It's one great set of numbers, the company is operating on all cylinders and I'm very proud of the team and this quarter's performance. And, we anticipate another quarter of healthy growth in Q3, which Gunnar will take you through in detail. We've got a nice tailwind at our back, and I believe we are performing at the top end of the television advertising business domestically and perhaps even globally. The television industry is far from dead, here or abroad. Contrary to what many believe, we are getting real meaningful growth from the core TV business around the world, and it feels sustainable. And our position with the industry has never been stronger. And I believe, poised to grow like no other. HDTV, Food, TLC, ID and OWN, the top networks in America for women. These networks have made us the number one media company for women twenty-five to fifty-four across all of television. The number one media company in America for women, broadcast on cable with a 16% share. A huge accomplishment and meaningful testament to our creative storytellers, our strategy and our network leadership. This past Sunday night, nearly 35% of the female audience was watching one of our networks. To be clear, there's a lot of great scripted content from any number of great media companies. Really amazing stuff from Disney, Warner, NBC, CBS, Amazon, but it's across an incredibly crowded, expensive and competitive landscape. But there was only one company playing at our level in the other 50% of the content pie, and that's Discovery Inc. We have the highest quality and recognizable brands that audiences love and tune into more than any other media company, including networks that have the highest length of view and engagement on television. And it's been a hugely successful calling card for us with advertisers which led a robust and comprehensive upfront sales season, delivering record numbers behind healthy CPM increases, reinforced by the prominence and resonance of our brands, the value of our brand-safe and mobile-first go apps and traction for new sales products, like Discovery Premier, which was sold in the upfront for the first time, and has had some super traction within the industry. On go, we're seeing great traction across all of our apps setting records in total daily streams, much of which doesn't get picked up fully by Nielsen. For Shark Week alone we've seen over one million streams each day. The performance of this best-in-class platform serves as a great example of how well our content travels within a mobile-first ecosystem, as well as to younger demos. Internationally, our operating momentum feels stronger, than it has been in quite some time, driven by growth in our global audience share across all key regions, continued pay-TV subscriber growth, positive reception to the continued integration of Scripps content, while at the same time promising launches of Food and HD branded lifestyle networks, particularly in Latin America and Europe. I'm pleased to note that, our linear share of market across our top ten international countries was on average up a healthy 5% in the quarter, with growth in six of the top ten markets, two of which were up double digits. And our audience delivery was up an average of 4% across the top ten. These are terrific results and they're really helping to sustain our overall, international momentum. This tailwind, at a time when there are still, real pockets of macro headwinds, positions us well, if and when certain markets and economies stabilize. Strategically, Discovery has made a differentiated bet with a different portfolio of IP and assets. We own virtually all of our IP across all territories and platforms, in genres that have great utility and functionality. We have many of the most beloved and iconic brands on the planet, in people's passion areas, home, food, travel, cars, crime, natural history, science, oprah, and live sporting events like the Olympic Games, the PGA Tour, Grand Slam Tennis and cycling. We produce over 8,000 new hours of original real-life programming a year with unrivalled scale in our genres. A powerful content engine, at a time when the value of IP in our industry has never been more strategically important. Globally, we have nearly 500 free to air and pay-TV channels with roughly ten to twelve in every key market around the globe. The combination of our strong and trusted brands, and huge reach for marketing and top of funnel promotion, we believe, gives us a real head start when it comes to building a direct consumer portfolio around immersive experiences. Our strategy and approach has been focused on doing that across three broad consumer categories sports, lifestyle, and factual. First in sports, we have three main products the Eurosport player across all of Europe, Golf TV a fully global platform, and global cycling network. Within Lifestyle, we are working on three different subscription-based offerings, all with different product cycles. First, Motor Trend focused on car lovers, second our new multi-platform Magnolia joint venture with Chip and Joanna Gaines that we are building with plans to launch in 2020, and things are going, terrifically well. And we also continue to actively look at the food and cooking space. And look forward to talking to you more about our plans in that category over the coming months. And within factual, our soon-to-launch service which brings together the very best of Discovery and BBC real-life content will offer a comprehensive view and do experience, one that is immersive and interactive, across this important vertical, this important family-friendly vertical around the globe. Additionally, there are three important products in Europe that speak to the breadth and depth of our direct to consumer strategies globally. One, the TVN player in Poland, which is the number one SVOD product in all of Poland.  Dplay in the Nordics our Hulu like AVOD, SVOD offering which has enjoyed robust growth over the last year. And three, Joyn in Germany, our venture with ProSieben which has gotten off the ground in May to a very solid start. Overall our ambitions are to create strong multi-platform ecosystems, driving opportunities for multiple revenue streams from advertising, subscription revenue, sponsorships, as well as e-commerce retail, as well as instruction across a growing suite of direct-to-consumer platforms and regions. Underpinning these efforts is our evolving technology stack, which under the direction of Peter Faricy and his team, is being repositioned to drive a better consumer experience, range of efficiencies and functionality, that will allow us to dramatically reduce the resources and time to market for existing and new products. As many of you will remember, we got Peter from Amazon where he spent over a decade, building Amazon marketplace. We remain excited about both where our business is today, and where we are headed. We are maximizing our position within the core linear ecosystem, generating stable revenue and free cash flow growth, while at the same time, appropriately and judiciously investing to position ourselves for future growth. At a time of rapid and structural change for our industry, we recognize there are risks, but also great opportunities, and we believe we are as well-positioned as any global player, to capture viewers as they migrate to alternative platforms. And while we are still in the very early stages of launching our global direct -to- consumer verticals, we believe they will provide us with solid long-term runway.  With that, we are assertively leaning in, where we see opportunities to leverage our breadth, depth and functionality of IP such as in food and home , where we believe that there are many unique ways to reshape our vertical know-how into a more direct and distinctive relationship with our passionate fans around the world. With that, thank you very much. And I'd like to turn the call over to Gunnar, to take you through our financials.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David, and thank you everyone for joining us today. I am extremely pleased with our very strong second quarter operational and financial performance, which demonstrated an acceleration across every one of our four core revenue metrics, as well as the progress we are making strategically as we continue to transform and pivot Discovery. We are performing at a high level and still at the very early stages of leaning in, to the many unique and differentiated growth opportunities we see in front of us. And as such, we are delivering top of industry performance and enjoying the benefits of our scale and presence in the U.S. complemented by our breadth of global distribution, which is uniquely supporting our efforts to build direct-to-consumer and streaming products that power people's passions. I'd like to share some financial highlights from our second quarter. As always, my comments will be in constant currency terms for our international business and for the total company, unless otherwise stated. And foreign exchange did have a material impact on some of our metrics this quarter. Please refer to our earnings release filed earlier this morning for a more comprehensive view, of all the drivers of our second quarter financial results. In the second quarter, Discovery again achieved very strong operating performance with 6% U.S. advertising growth, 5% US affiliate growth, 5% international ad growth, which included a one-month impact from the consolidation of the three networks acquired from U.K. TV, which added roughly one percentage point of growth and 3% international affiliate growth. We also grew total company adjusted OIBDA 7%, a function of our strong revenue growth and the benefit of an 8% decline in U.S. expenses modestly offset by an 8% increase in international costs, which we've previously noted would begin to increase as we invest in our growth businesses. Additionally, we reported $596 million of free cash flow in the second quarter of 2019, bringing our trailing 12 months of free cash flow to $2.9 billion still, accounting for roughly $200 million of cash restructuring costs. This allowed us to end the quarter with a net leverage ratio of 3.3 times. Now, let me share some forward-looking commentary. Starting with the four key revenue drivers for the third quarter of 2019. First, for U.S. advertising growth is expected to be in the 3% to 5% range driven by similar dynamics in pricing, monetization and ratings, as usual. Remember, though we are facing a slightly more difficult comp against last year's 5% growth in the third quarter. Also, please keep in mind, there are some high-profile events this quarter on the Discovery Channel like Serengeti which premiere this Sunday night that will be a key factor in our ratings driven contribution this quarter. If you live in New York City you've no doubt seen a bus or billboard promotion, where all very excited about this series. Second, U.S. affiliate from today's perspective is likely to grow 5% again in the third quarter. This assumes no major change in subscriber trends beyond what we have seen up until now and while there are indeed a number of both headwinds and tailwinds, we can reaffirm our full year guidance of U.S. affiliate revenue growth in the mid-single digit range, particularly given our best in industry representation across the virtual distribution platforms. Third, we expect international advertising growth to nicely accelerate driven by share growth in our top markets and contributions from our digital investments, we also expect a full quarter of contribution from the U.K. TV Lifestyle business, which should add an additional two to three percentage points of growth, thus international advertising is expected to grow at least high single digits in Q3. And finally international affiliate growth is expected to be up mid single digits as we've seen continued improvement in the underlying subscriber trends across a number of markets, aided by continued monetization of our digital streaming products and investments and new channel launches in a number of market. Turning to total company guidance, we continue to expect another year of healthy free cash flow growth in 2019, even after making the necessary investments to build out our direct to consumer portfolio and the previously noted step-up in CapEx from such items as global real estate consolidation, and transformation projects related to technology infrastructure and software development. The cadence and magnitude of our investment profile will be determined by the ultimate opportunity set across new and existing initiatives and the level of success based spending, we will need to support these initiatives. Accordingly, our view on the puts and takes behind our ultimate full year free cash flow has not changed versus what we laid out last quarter. As such, growth will be based on adjusted OIBDA growth and lower cash restructuring charges, partially offset by increased investments in direct to consumer, higher CapEx and higher cash taxes. We continue to expect a negative impact of our D2C investments on full year 2019 adjusted OIBDA totaling roughly $300 million to $400 million depending on the timing of the rollout of these investments. And though, we, again, enjoyed another quarter of total company margin improvement, which in Q2 was 100 basis points as we've previously noted, the expected ramp in our digital investment spending will flow through more heavily in the second half of the year. And with respect to the step-up, Peter and his team are creating a more robust global technology platform to better serve all of our global direct to consumer and streaming businesses. We will discuss this in incremental detail later in the year as we proceed further. However, in terms of scale and scope, our digital products currently operate on over a dozen different owned and operated platforms and depend upon a dozen third party platform. Streamlining this, will materially boost the functionality and consumer experience as well as the efficiency and speed to market. Dplay, our broad general entertainment AVOD and SVOD app that is very popular in the Nordics is a great example of how much improvement this new technology can produce. Dplay was among the first existing services to migrate to our new platform and we've delivered a marked improvement in consumer experience and reduced churn, resulting in strong subscriber growth, up nearly 150% year-over-year in the second quarter. Importantly, I believe it is worth calling out once again the acceleration in revenue growth that we're seeing, particularly across our International segment is in large part a function of both a stable core linear business, as well as early traction we are seeing from our direct to consumer and streaming initiatives. Moving on to taxes. As we had previewed, there was a one-time non-cash $455 million tax benefit in the second quarter, which made our second quarter book tax rate negative 38%. With that we now expect our 2019 full year book tax rate to be in the mid-single digit range. Remember this was a non-cash benefit and there is no impact to our cash taxes or to our free cash flow. Regarding capital allocation, our priorities have not changed. There is still two, number one optimize leverage and within our 3 to 3.5 times net leverage range we currently plan to continue to prudently delever towards the lower end of this range over time. Number two, concurrently, we will continue to evaluate value enhancing investments along with strategic M&A. And number three, finally, we will opportunistically return excess capital to shareholders. Before I close, let me quantify the expected impact that foreign exchange will have on our 2019 results. Given the movement of the dollar at current spot rates, FX is now expected to negatively impact revenues by roughly $185 million to $195 million and OIBDA by $80 million to $90 million versus our 2018 reported results. In closing, I am very pleased with both the operating performance of the company, our financial and outlook as we continue to generate healthy free cash flow from our stable core business and embrace our global pivot towards direct to consumer media.  Thank you again for your time this morning. And now David, JB and I will be happy to answer any questions that you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: I have two questions. First for David, can we go back to the U.S. advertising market. I mean it's incredibly robust and besides price you seem to have some of the levers to benefit from the market. You talked about monetizing digital content, maybe a little bit of inventory. Could you give us some color on where you-- what you can pull? And what is the - what are the drivers of demand? I mean, it seems like there is a lot of growth in or will be even more growth in non-advertising platforms like Disney Plus. Is this driving advertisers back into more traditional media? And then I guess for Gunnar or JB, some of the spending, we saw international expenses go up a lot, which you've talked about, can you talk a little bit more about the benefits that you will derive over time, the tech platforms and anything else you’d want to call out?
David Zaslav: Thanks, Jessica. Well, look the, so the upfront was very strong and leading up to it scatter was strong and it was accelerating. And I think a piece of it is that and I spent a lot of time talking to the agencies as we try and kind of lift ourselves up to where we see broadcast in the high '50s and low '60s and we are still getting CPMs that are much lower. The ability to really sell product, advertisers are finding that television is still one of the most - is the most effective platform to do that, and so I think there is a move back. In addition to that, there is a feeling of safety, what are you next to? What are you buying? Who is the talent that you're buying? What’s the environment that you are buying? You can do that on television and in digital, there is a fear of that. And the overall narrative for a lot of these digital companies has changed. And so I think that sets an overall environment that's more positive, but for us this is a big moment for our company. I said, I've said for a while that we have the top four channels in America for women and no one's ever done that before ID, TLC Food, and HG and the number one channel for African American women with OWN. And we've worked hard to do that, but when you put it all together. We are now the number one TV company in America, in terms of the women we reached, the time they spend with us, it's Discovery. And as a guy that started out in the cable business and looked to broadcast when I was in New Jersey looking over the river. This is really a big moment, bigger than really great broadcast companies where the centerpiece of their companies are ABC and NBC and CBS. And so the reach that we have with women and to be able to go into upfront with that reach with safe brands with brands that people wake up and want to watch before they go to sleep they want to watch it and the other thing that we have that we’re not proud but we’re trying to really drive is that even though we're the number one place to reach women, the most effective demo, our CPM is less than half of the broadcasters going into the upfront. And so we've really worked hard on developing some new products. We have Discovery Premier, which is a unique product, which is much higher than our traditional CPM, but why would you spend money on a broadcaster and get a 0.8 when you can come to us and get a six rating on a given nine or five rating or seven rating. And so we made some progress with that. We're also the only media company I believe that has a really effective authenticated apps and the reason for that is people won't go to, in general, these general interest services and download them to spend time with them, they go to those channels for series and they go to the broadcasters for series. And so the idea that we're doing over 1 million streams on Discovery and millions of streams where people are getting up and spending time with Food and HG and ID and the average age is in the '20s and the length - and the length of time is quite high. So overall, we have great safe brands. We have the largest share of women and the advertisers also recognize and this is something I've been saying for a long time is we expect that our share is going to continue to grow that broadcast is sustainably declining in a double-digit fashion. And a lot of those broader services that have reruns and that are competing with the scripted series and scripted movie businesses, more and more the only place to go for quality content that you could see live is us. And so we had a great, great upfront. We're going to - I think you're going to see some meaningful growth flowing through for the next year, and we feel really - we feel really good about it. And at this moment, scatter remains strong and for the moment, TV is back, and I think with the lead horse in that game and we're not taking for granted where the world is, that's one of the reasons why we're investing so much in IP with a leader in IP globally and we're deploying that IP around the world and you will see that and you'll see us invest in that for the more sustainable long-term growth. Gunnar?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, good morning, Jessica. So listen, I could not be happier with the financial profile that you are seeing in this quarter. We're making a lot of progress and we're doing exactly what we said we were going to do. We continue to benefit from cost synergies. It was another quarter of margin increase, even though I had already spoken about sort of that coming to an end at some point and I had guided to $300 million to $400 million of negative impact from our startup investments in, in the digital space and we're seeing some of that kicking in. Peter Faricy is coming up on his first year, a lot of the initiatives are picking up speed and to your question on the International expenses. That's what's reflected in that expense number, Golf TV has started its global rollout. There’s obviously IP amortization coming through a digital in general, Dplay, we're pushing. You also had, you also had the consolidation of UK TV kicking in for one month, that's added on the like-for-like basis, a little bit of expenses. But bottom line is we're making these investments as initiatives start to accelerate and you're already seeing some impact on the revenue side as well. The very strong numbers in the second quarter, 5% in ad sales growth, 3% on the affiliate side, and maybe you just heard, we're guiding to an acceleration for both metrics. Obviously to some extent it is driven by the first, a contributions from those digital investments. So it's really-- it's really working very well for us. One last comment I want to make on segment expenses going forward. It's more, it's more insightful to look at the total company cost base because as we went through our transformation, we have shifted around a little bit in the cost base. So a lot of the expenses that JB is now carrying on the D&I segment are going to be leveraged as we roll out those products on a global basis. For 2019, the investments are somewhat D&I-heavy and that's going to, that's going to even out as we move forward. So again, could not be happier with where we are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: I guess, first off, David, maybe a bigger picture question. You've done, such a fantastic job with the Scripps acquisition and continue to see the benefits clearly in this quarter and the outlook. I guess, I'd love to hear your thoughts on the scale, need for scale, longer term, do you have the portfolio to compete with some of these larger players, some of which you referenced in your opening comments or do you feel it would make sense to continue to kind of look for acquisitions or potentially a merger with someone else to be more competitive. Just I'd love to hear your updated thoughts on the current environment and Discovery is positioning. And then secondly, just a bit more specific.TLC has been really strong. Ratings are little softer Discovery, I guess any more color you can give there? Are you looking at Serengeti, a sort of a delta to maybe change the rating trends in that channel? And any other program and Discovery maybe Discovery Channel we should look forward to?
David Zaslav: Thanks Alexia. The Scripps transaction has really exceeded our expectations on all levels and you see that in our free cash flow, you see that in the fact that together their quality together with our quality on the leadership side, on the content side, that's what makes us the number one TV company in America for women and positions us to continue to grow in a meaningful way. When I think of scale I guess, I think of it two ways. One, we're the largest player in the international space. We're the - we're probably the only one, JB will give you a little bit more color making over $1 billion. But we’re - as the Disney and Comcast deals with Rupert show that the need to view the world as more than just the U.S. and be global. We have infrastructure in every country. We have content in every country. We have credibility and brands and IP in every country. And so scale, I think we have a leader outside the U.S. and we're also the leader in sport so and the quantity of sports that we have and et cetera. So on a scale side in terms of international and sport we are the bigger guy and there is a lot of players that are going to want to try and catch up to us. In terms of the genres we've chosen, we feel great about it right now - everybody going after script at movies. It's creating an environment that is creating more and more opportunity for us. I've said this before that I think where our share is going to accelerate, but there are so many choices for scripted series and scripted movies and you now have four or five offerings between $6 and $15. And then you have the broadcasters and the big entertainment services. And so to play in that space, they're going to have to get bigger and bigger in each of them is already kind of indicated they don't have enough IP. They need more stuff, they need more and more and more, and they're talking to us about giving them more, but we're not doing any of that right now we like owning all of our IP. We like the fact that we have great female friendly content mail content and in our genres in the area of food, we are the dominant player in the world. In the area of home, we are the dominant player in the world. In the area of natural history together with the fact that we bought the entire BBC library globally for more than the next decade, we have the majority of science and natural history. We are the dominant player in the world. In crime, we are the leader. So it depends on how you define things we’re number one for women and with the leader in each of these quality categories that we have chosen. And then we've picked new categories, which is character different categories, which is Oprah and Chip and Joanna Gaines. So I think we feel pretty good about where we are, we think we're going to continue to grow and as the ecosystem continues to have challenges. I think that challenge is going to be what do I want to watch, where do I get the next scripted series, how many of them do I have stacked up. This 50% of what people watch is that stuff the other 50% is us. And that's why I think our share is going to continue to grow and that's why I think from our perspective, what we're trying to do to scale up is buy more stuff - get more IP from the BBC, do Golf Digest and lock in Tiger Woods globally with us it's about getting reinforcing in our genres. And no one else is playing in our space. So we think we're in a very good position on TLC Howard Lee is having a great run two years ago - we were dealing with the TLC that was down for a period of 24 months. And Nancy Daniels and Howard Lee and I dug in this is what we do for a living. We have improved our leadership team now, even more with Kathleen Finch and a lot of the great people from Scripps. So these channels are going to go up and down. We got a great team now with discovery that we have a lot of confidence in. And SERENGETI if you haven't seen it, is I think the best thing that we have seen and some of the best natural history content globally that we pushed out. We put it on Discovery we actually took the last two minutes before SERENGETI started on Sunday and we did a 2-minute promo across every one of our channels. So if you're watching food, HGTV, ID and that's something we could do that no one does. At 8 o'clock - turn now to SERENGETI on Discovery and it did very well. We're going to get more of the L3, but it did very well and Discovery is back in its core natural history and with all of our BBC, IP, Planet Earth, Frozen Planet, Walking with Dinosaurs, Woolly Mammoths, we are really compelling and formidable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Drew Borst with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Drew Borst: Thank you for the additional detail on some of your streaming initiatives. I wanted to dig in on one of them if I could, which is the PGA streaming service, because I believe you're in the first year of your 12-year arrangement. I think you went live and potentially up to eight markets. So I wonder if you could just share some of the early learnings in this first year, and how that deal is progressing?
David Zaslav: Sure, it's going very well. I'm going to be seeing Jay Monahan tomorrow morning over at Liberty. What led us to this is the fact that we had the Eurosport player and we were going direct to consumer for several years. We've learned a lot about that business and one of them is that you need a lot of content. The actual live sports IP, you need local and you need something that people can always read or learn about or transact with. And so after a lot of work JB and I - it came to this conclusion that if we could get Golf it's the best IP in the world because it's 52 weeks a year, it's four days a week of loads of IP and 50% of the PGA tours is local then we added in the European tour, the Asian tour, the Latin American tour. And then, we did Golf Digest where we, you can go in and read about any golf course figure out where to take about vacation. So we are, we're doing very well, some of our bigger markets are going to be coming up on the first of this year. Over the next, by three years from now we'll have everywhere in the world outside the U.S., but we're also attacking the U.S. now as well with Golf Digest and with Tiger. JB just thoughts on direct to consumer, because I think what led us to golf is a lot of what you're doing in the international space?
JB Perrette: Well I think on the golf piece particularly Drew the great news there is also it’s a bit of a two-for-one. We have the great traction that Alex and the team has developed on the product itself in our direct consumer app. And as you said, its early days, but we're seeing great traction and pick up in the first 6 months of the year as the product is launched. And it's also helping us on our core traditional business which is, I know you've heard us talk about the fact that in markets like Japan and Spain where those markets were up earlier this year. Not only do we expand our relationship on the direct to consumer side, but we leveraged it for our entire portfolio to expand and strengthen with great revenue on our core. We have other key markets like Korea for example to come up next year. And that's a market that today in the Discovery legacy business is way under served. It's a very small market for us and we're using those conversations there to see if we can actually develop additional channel opportunities in our core business. And so you're seeing that 2 for 1 opportunity of great digital and direct to consumer traction that it will take - continue to take time and accelerate over time. But also more immediate impact of helping our core business through traditional affiliate relationships and broadcast relationships in those markets which are allowing us to launch and accelerate the growth in a couple of those markets.
Drew Borst: And if I could get a follow-up in - probably for Gunnar I wanted to ask about U.S. networks margins. For the past few quarters it’s been hitting 60% of EBITDA margins here. Historically, this is a business that had more typically been caught the mid 50s maybe even low 50s in certain years. I understand your comments about Serengeti and some content, but as we look out over say, the next 12 to 24 months. Is this a business that you think or segment that you think could hover in that high 50s maybe even low 60% vicinity?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, look I mean Drew a couple of points. Number one, we have been enjoying massive cost synergies from the integration with Scripps and obviously a lot of the U.S. footprint was sort of one-for-one overlap. So that's why you're seeing such a significant share of our cost out hit the U.S. Number 2 is, I made this comment a little earlier already, we got to look at this from a total company basis, because we've been. You see some increase in corporate expenses, which is sort of cost moving out of the U.S. segment. So, all in all, from a total company basis another 400 basis points of margin increase in the second quarter. And as I said, when we presented the first quarter results, we do not manage the company for margin. The reason why we're seeing that margin increase is just all that cost saving coming through, but it's not an objective for me to keep increasing margins over time it's much more important to make the right investments in the topline. And you're seeing some of that topline growth come through now, which I have guided to previously as well. That being said, if you look at the U.S. business, I see no reason for margins to decline in the core business there is none of that. However, as you know, we are working on a couple of investment initiatives. And as I said earlier, the first part is really hit D&I a little more in terms of incremental expense that may change next year when we start rolling out products like the BBC factual product some of those, - those are obviously also going to drive cost in the U.S. footprint, but again it's two very separate world, a highly efficient, highly cash generative core business that's in absolutely perfect shape. You've heard our guidance for both at an affiliate revenues gives us a lot of runway. And then the investments in future growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. I guess a couple of questions, first, David you teased us at the end of your prepared remarks with comments on food and home being reshaped into distinct and direct relationships with fans around the world. So if you could talk about the opportunities you see in that regard, and I think for both you and Gunnar, look, when you start to roll forward to the end of the year, you'll be at the bottom of your leverage target range. I think you've talked about this sort of run rate are approaching $3 billion of free cash flow annually. When you look at the next year, that means $3 billion plus of excess capacity. Are you seeing strategic opportunities to invest that on an inorganic basis, you've certainly been looking for a while. So, any thoughts on that would be helpful? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Okay, look, I think directionally in terms of the industry, this is another area where things are moving our way. You talked to Hans and he’s talking about 5G.You talk to Randall, he is driving 5G.What is 5G? 5G is not about being able to download a movie in six second in two seconds versus seven seconds, it's about providing real utility in value in the home. And the question is, okay, now that we got it. What do we do with it, and this is where the content that we have. If, whoever can own the kitchen is going to own the home and where the people spend money? They spend it in the home. They spend it on their home office, on their living room, on their kids room. And so we have these genres with food and cooking and with HG and now DIY will be relaunching as Magnolia with Chip and Jo. We have the greatest experts in both of these areas. We have credible - content needs to be curated, purchases need to be curated and if you, if you look at what everyone else is doing with scripted series and scripted movies, they're creating fantastic, robust, better than ever viewing experience is a script of movies and series and that's great. So you can watch Fleabag, which by the way is one of the - is one of the all three production companies, and one of the big hits on Amazon. So all you can do is view it. That's great. You can view it and laugh or cry but that's it. You just view it. Our content has a real ability to view and do or view and transact. So imagine a world where you've got a lot of people fighting for subscribers that people pay a monthly fee for and all they can do is view but our content has subscribers but they can also transact. That's true in food, it's true in home, it's true in Golf, it's true in cycling, and if you go back to the world that Malone helped create in terms of full circle,100 channels, and then he has HSN and QVC that he owned but in running QVC and HSN and creating a lot of shareholder value along the way, it was, it's completely inefficient and a lot of the people that were on food at home were going over and trying to get an audience to come over and spend time with them on QVC or HSN and buy stuff. Stuff that they really wanted that needed to be - that they wanted to know what is the - what's the best, what's the best kitchenware. And so what we can do over time and we're fighting like hell to do it is if we can aggregate these passion groups, not only are they going to view with us, but they're going to be able to do with us. So we view the home and 5G is, we're having discussions with everyone, how do we take all of our expertise, all of our talent or and all the content that we have and create some real utility. So I would say, stay tuned, but the Holy Grail to aggregate audiences globally that have a passion and then to be able to have them hit a button and go on to Golf vacation by the Golf clubs that they love, where we're Tigers wearing, get a recipe and get all the groceries. So that's what we're working on. We're working real hard on it and stay tuned.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks. And on the M&A side.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, yes. Let me start I mean you made reference to a leverage in the free cash flow. So just before David answer the M&A question, continue to be super excited about our free cash flow development. You saw that we have $2.9 billion end of Q2. Still, after $200 million of cash restructuring, I've also spoken to the sort of key puts and takes for the rest of the year. A good part of that, the cash tax increase has already come through in the first half. Whereas some of the CapEx increase digital investments are going to kick in a little more in the second half of the year. But bottom line is feeling very good and we really only just started on free cash flow improvement. As you saw, our leverage has come down slightly 3.5 to now 3.3, also probably not a bad thing in the current environment, so we're happy with that progress as well. And regarding M&A and David will add more, but we're very happy with our hand. But obviously, continue to evaluate strategic opportunities but David is there anything else you want to add?
David Zaslav: We're always looking opportunistically, but we don't see anything as significant at this point, Bruce Campbell and JB or we kick the tires on everything. We have the UKTV deal was quite good for us. I mean, maybe can you update on that and what you are looking at some of the things that you're, that you think could make sense.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: We do see opportunities as you know, part of our strategy as we've bought the Scripps assets is to really try and take HG and food around the world and we see there is an opportunity there. We have selectively looked at, at bringing in either assets that help us rebrand UKTV's an example will bring in there to food and home channels into the portfolio on a consolidated basis, rebrand them HG and food network and then take those off and really try and drive that with the Scripps content as the bedrock of it. And then there is additional channel opportunities which we're looking at selectively to accelerate the core where we can buy a Channel positions or slots to get some of those channels launched in additional markets in addition to organic ways that we're doing it. So we do see opportunities on the sort of smaller mid-scale to tuck-in and rolling some things that we think can help accelerate our core business.
David Zaslav: And there are some smaller players that are, that are coming to JB and saying much bigger. I have a lot of infrastructure and cost here. There are some things that we could do to get. And so in some cases you've created advertising country-by-country advertising groups and tucked-in some smaller players, what we've gotten the benefit of CPM. There all others that want us to do things for them. Who want to tuck-in with us because it's tough to be playing in this space in 200 countries when you have where you have to, where you don't have a lot of scale.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: David or JB, when you look at your D2C portfolio. I think you've got four services in the market and I think you've listed out seven in your prepared remarks. I was just curious how you think about the longer-term strategy. Are you looking to sort of build specific verticals and kind of tie those verticals back to your linear brands or were you also thinking about potentially pulling some of these together, for example, the sort of Magnolia food and cooking factual stuff into a single app. And I'm just wondering how you think about how the universe evolves, given the sort of explosion of these kind of streaming services around the world and also how you think about putting these to the U.S. or if you view the U.S. market is sort of fundamentally different, just given the maturity of the pay-TV model here. And then just on the same topic, maybe for Gunnar on the numbers. Can you help us at all to think about that $300 million to $400 million as we roll into next year? I don't know if you have line of sight there yet or want to talk about it but do you expect to start scaling that cost base or do you expect investments to ramp and lean in more any color at this point would be helpful. Thanks guys.
David Zaslav: Well, look, I have talked a lot about us aggregating IP and being the leading global IP company. We now have a company that's growing mid-single in its core business even against us investing significantly and holding on as Gunnar says. As you see the BBC Natural History Library, all of the, most of the PGA, most of the PGA and the European Tour, and most of the golf in the world. And so most of the cycle, a lot of the cycling in the world so we've been adding up all this IP because we believe being above the globe is going to give us a huge opportunity to create significant value. And if some of it works in ways that we think we could create real businesses that you guys give a huge multiple to. In order to do that and we've been trying it for a while. We've learned a lot. And what we are doing different than anybody else is we have core New Media and Digital people running these businesses now. We have had our existing - great TV, cable strategic business executives that we're doing all these things. A few years ago and we were in the trenches fighting, talking to consumers, dealing with platforms and in the end we said, we got to bring in the pros. And so, we brought in Peter Faricy who built marketplace and worked at Amazon for more than a decade. We brought - the best product people from Amazon over here. We brought two people from DIRECTV. One that built DIRECTV from 12 million subscribers to 20 that all about SAC and subscriber acquisition and Karen Leever and Alex Kaplan who built SUNDAY TICKET. And so, we brought people that do this for a living. And I saw this when I was on the Board of Sirius. It's a different business subscriber acquisition, so we have a whole new team and we've hired, we have well over 100 engineers. We have a whole team that we're building in Redmond. And so, we see that as a real separate company that is going to disrupt our industry, but we're not going to disrupt ourselves by getting somebody who ran Eurosport to now built the Eurosport player and build our golf business. We're hiring the people that - were disrupting us. And so, I think that gives us - one advantage but JB a little bit of color on your side.
JB Perrette: Yeah, I think Ben, to your question and to the early question also about how we see scale. The reality is we don't look at - in the traditional lens we look at our competitors is the normal lot that we talk about the Disney’s and NBC the CBS. In the direct-to-consumer world, all of them are trying to build out these supermarkets a video and it's very expensive and so far very cash flow negative. Our strategy and that space is frankly less about them as competitors and more about building out what we sort of look at as much more specialty stores. And in those specialty stores unlike them, we're building out services that are only watch, we are watch, play, learn buy and that's how we see ourselves is very different. And we do see ourselves of having a portfolio of these some may be over time 10 million, 20 million, 30 million, 40 million, 50 million subs some maybe single-digit million subs. But that portfolio in aggregate, we think has huge potential when you roll it out globally.
David Zaslav: Go ahead.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then - Ben on your second question regarding scaling digital expenses it's obviously a little bit too early to talk about guidance for next year. But a couple of points I want to make that we have spoken about in the past as well. We will be flexible here and we're not afraid to get behind what's working if we won’t something. But just the same way, we've also pulled back on some other products where we didn't see the progress that we needed to get comfortable with additional investments. And so, expect us to be aggressive if we're onto something and very careful where we're not seeing the progress that we need. And again, if you look at it from a top down perspective spending somewhere between 5% and 10% of our underlying a, little bit up or for future growth it doesn't sound crazy. It's not betting the farm, but on the other hand it's enough to potentially make a difference - sooner rather than later.
Ben Swinburne: Yes, makes sense. Thanks for the color everybody.
David Zaslav: The last point is the cost of driving these. I've talked about this before, but we have all these channels. We have free to air channels with - equivalent of NBC and CBS in a number of markets in Europe. We have 10 to 12 cable channels everywhere. So people are watching us in these affinity groups already and we have scale. And so the ability to, we don't have to go out and buy and to tell people to sign up for a particular product. We can be promoting it from the ground up, which I think is a, as a real helper. And finally, in a really confusing environment, the real question for the future is curation. What the hell do I do? I got a choice of everything and so, you have - all the media saying come to me I got great movies in great scripted, let me tell you about this next great scripted series I have and spending a ton of money in order to tell people hey, come to Amazon. I got Fleabag. The Crown is back - re-subscribe or don't churn. And for us we have existing infrastructure so, and that's one of the reasons that the PGA came to us. For a fan company you have to have existing infrastructure and we have personalities. When people don't know how to curate they go to personalities’ that's been true for long as time. And so, you want to know what's going on in golf, Tiger Woods I talked to the PGA players. If you want to know what's going on in the home talk to Chip and Joanna Gaines they'll curate it for you. You want to think about how to make your life better come talk to Oprah and she will make a lot of recommendations for you about what you can do and what she loves. And so, we're a company of those - we think those personalities are going to be real bridges to curation, the Property Brothers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Michael Nathanson: I have a couple for David, JB first one is, you guys called out the growth in international viewing share. And I wonder how much of that share can you attribute to the Scripps integration I know that was one of the assumptions you had the Scripps would help. So anything you should share about what you've seen with Scripps is content internationally. And then could you quantify for international, how big is that, is the benefit from those international players that you've developed. So is that becoming a meaningful driver of the growth that you're now talking about?
JB Perrette: So for the international share and audience growth is really driven by 2 or 3 factors. Number one is, our core organic content, we've been working hard to try and improve the performance of it local commissioning, better investment reviews on a content commissioning and re-commissioning. And so, we're seeing stronger performance of our organic particularly local content in some of our biggest markets. The second is, we've obviously been a year into making the Scripps content work hard largely initially on our own networks to try and strengthen and see how we can actually introduce audiences, because I think part of this that people forget is a lot of these content types in some markets where the content was not yet seen you need to introduce it. We've seen this in Latin America, where we had the Scripps content actually licensed in on our networks for several years and it took almost 18 to 24 months initially in those markets several years ago to get the audiences' introduced to it - accustomed to it and then liking it. And what's great is we track now month to month the performance since we started hearing this content in sort of third and the second quarter, third quarter last year. Ad we've seen continuous improvements in the performance of the content on our existing networks. So that's the second sort of key driver. The third is, we are obviously now seeing opportunities to launch whole channels, which you've seen us do in Germany. We're obviously rebranding in the UK with the UK TV assets. We've launched a series of channels, we have commitments for more launches in Latin America for HG and food to get those channels, almost 50% plus distributed across the market. And so we're seeing a big opportunity there. The monetization is coming I'd say we've only seen the beginning of it, because at the end of the day we've seen the beginning of it from a licensee perspective in the markets where we launched those channels as pay. And the audience improvements where we put the content on our existing networks. But what we haven't seen yet, which Dave talked to which the team here in the U.S. do so well is really the strength of these assets is the endemic categories that they own and the ability from an advertising perspective, sell sponsorship and high CPM packages to these endemic categories. And that's the piece that we're continuing to rework and we see great upside over the next several quarters as we get better and better internationally at selling that endemic category uniquely now that we have the channels of the product, working better over time. So we see continued growth on the distribution side and we see an accelerating growth from the beginning to be able to monetize those audience as much better in this endemic categories.
David Zaslav: Can I add one point Michael, I mean if you remember back when we close the deal. We talked about this international Scripps opportunity as sort of three layers. The first layer being the cost savings that we got very quickly then utilizing the content on our existing platforms and then, we said that launching the networks was going to take some time. And we're now at the point where we're actually seeing some of that happening and contributing to our numbers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Greenfield with TBD. Your line is open.
Rich Greenfield : Just two quick one. One, on David, you were talking before about the importance of bringing in Peter Faricy because things like churn and subscriber acquisition are new. I guess as you look back over the last year, what are you learning like how do you keep a subscriber for the full year. And how are you, how do you start thinking about what the charge for a service relative to the lifetime value given churn at all the things that go on in a direct-to-consumer subscription business and then I've got a quick follow-up.
David Zaslav: We learned a lot, the way people consume content on a small screen is very different. You don't go to a TV and rub your finger on it and expect it to get an update. And when you get up in the morning and you're paying for something you expect to see something. So one of the things that we learned very early on is that you need, you need IP, it needs to be updated regularly and we also began to understand that the definition of IP is different than what we thought. We thought it's just professional content, it's Planet Earth, then it's frozen Planet or it's live content on the PGA or the U.S. Open. That is maybe one of the reasons that they're buying it. But one of the other reasons is that they are passionate about the particular area. They're in. So the reason we bought Golf Digest, and the reason that we did the deal with Tiger and the reason that we have a lot of the PGA players working with us is the short-form content that they create every day. What they're eating for breakfast. What they're working on, what they hate about their game or content that their teddy takes of them on the hitting practice shots or trick shots. That's all IP. What they're worried about in writing is IP and so one of the - what Peter had to build and what we're building, we brought one of the best technical people over from Amazon, is our Chief Technology Officer, is this idea of one global platform that we can use for natural history, for Golf, for science and it's, we're investing up but it's a lifetime global value that we can put on that. And so we learn that you need to multi-published through the day, we learn that you need real usable bite sized content in addition to the long-form content, so Golf Digest is a great example of people are hanging around, they want to see what are the best clubs. What are the best drivers. They want to take a planning lesson. They want to learn about where to take a Golf vacation in Australia and Golf Digest has all of that. And when we bought that we also got the authority on Golf in the world. Jerry Tardy and the greatest editorial staff, the greatest photo library on Golf and then we put it together with the PGA and so we would have never done that before, but we understood that just owning the tours was not enough. And so, and then we can - so that’s one. And the second thing we learned is if you're in passion groups. We have an opportunity that the rest of those guys don't have and that's free funnel, that's advertiser driven and pay. So ultimately, what you might see for Natural History, what you might see for science or for Golf or for cycling or for Chip and Jo is you have a funnel like Eurosport.com is free, gets 30 million people a month come there, that's, that really is an advertiser platform. And so ultimately maybe there is a 100 million people that come to Golf for free, but they are kind of pre-screened. They are they because they love Golf, they want to see scores, they want to see what people are wearing, they want to see what's going on in the Golf world and we've aggregated then all those people that love Golf, that's an advertising platform. That's like a global broadcast network for Golf. We're global broadcast network for home, the Chip and Jo are doing and that's free but we make advertising dollars. That's the new broadcast network of the future and instead of being trying to be something for everyone, they are hanging out there and they go there, all the time. That's number one. And then, of those people, how many of them want to be able to take the free Golf lessons from Tiger Woods? How many of them want to be able to see all the tours and see them and see them live on their device, maybe it's 10% of them, maybe it’s 3%, maybe it's 40%, but that's the pay model. And so we end up, you're not going to have a lot of people hanging around for free monetizing with advertising on Netflix, but for us we have this ability to create a massive funnel and we've already done it with Eurosport.com. We are, where the leader around in Europe, what people come and they hang out with us for free. We don't think that that's a little thing. We think that could be a huge thing if we aggregate people that love these affinity groups and advertise it and put sponsors on it and then you go up to the next level and you pay but we created a whole ecosystem.
Rich Greenfield: Then just a quick, just. Okay, go ahead guys.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, I guess the only thing I'd add to David's point is I think a lot of also with Peter is brought in over the last year, which is maybe the less sexy and seemingly less but is absolutely critical look, we've been a great content company for three, over three decades and inherently in that great stories rely on great creative instinct and got the product side of the world, as you know well is much more of a databased environment and Peter has driven a discipline and a cadence now with all of our teams, which starts with the data, starts with everything we see with the data and trying to collect it in a way we can actually use it and using that to drive better UX better distribution, looking at stream quality, buffering rates, customer service response times all the kind of blocking and tackling elements of great product experiences that are still a little bit sort of for and to traditionally content media companies. He's brought a lot of that discipline and infused it or direct-to-consumer organization and frankly infused it across the entire leadership team and I think that's a lot of also what you're seeing in the biggest proof point of that is, I think you've heard us maybe talk about in deep play in the Nordics, part of our problem a year plus ago was we had a two star rated app that was not well distributed and over the course of the last six to nine months, we now, all of sudden have a four plus store rated app that is getting strong customer reviews, our customer response times have gotten better on feedback and responses to the consumer. And so part of the product piece of this is also been a huge improvement. We still got a long way to go, but it's a big step forward for us.
Rich Greenfield: Just a quick follow-up for Gunnar, I think you're the only media company that’s going to report Q2 with subscriber trends improving driven by vMVPD carriage deals you've signed over the last 12 months. Bunch of your peers have certainly been talking about the challenges facing the vMVPD that they raise price. I'm just curious as you look at Q2, 2019 versus Q1, 2019, if you add up all the major vMVPD, is the vMVPD universe net growing flat or actually shrinking due to the price increases, how should we think about that universal of subscribers.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, it's certainly growing, again I don't want to go into and do a lot of detail, but it's certainly growing. And clearly, we have gone from some people calling out to have not, not even a year ago to best distribution in the entire affiliate landscape both traditional and virtual and you see that reflected in not only subscriber numbers, but also our revenue growth rate.
David Zaslav: And look the marketplace here in the U.S., it's yearning for sports and retrans slammed down, prices going up every year, extenuating you will - you pay for the sports network then you pay for the regional sports network and a sport and then every broadcaster also has their own sports network and then they use sports to drive retransmission and the ratings on every one of them is going down. And so there is, there is a reckoning, there’s a slam down, that's going to come and when that slammed down comes, the consumers in the U.S. are going to get the content that they want, and the content that they spend time with, and then we're going to be like every other country in the world where we will have a $20 or $25 service. I don't have the services that people want and will have, will have a huge piece of that because we have the quality of content that people like that they're spending time with and they are not being forced to carry us. They're coming to - every one of those platforms came to us, because we were the top choices of the consumers, but every one of them is being forced to carry retrans being forced to carry regional sports and forced to carry those sports networks. And there is a reckoning coming because the consumers don't like it and, all of those MVPD's that are stuck with those fees are pissed and it's going to come a moment when it's enough and that's what you're seeing now you're saying it's enough, I'm looking at the numbers and it's enough.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining and everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Discovery Communications First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Mr. Slabin you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for Discovery's first quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer; and JB Perrette, President and CEO Discovery Networks International. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.corporate.discovery.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we will open up the call up for questions with David, Gunnar and JB. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance, are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2018, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings call. We’ve started the year with very strong operating momentum across the company, with positive financial results domestically and internationally, as we continue to create, develop and acquire the highest quality content with broad consumer appeal in every market around the globe. I have made it clear. Discovery’s strategy is different than any other media company. While everyone else is focused on big and expensive movies and scripted series, very crowded space, we have a different approach. We have brand people identify with and love. We’re gaining distribution in all key bundles in the United States and around the world and enjoy a unique global footprint. We have a proven management team, best in the business. We have a de-levered balance sheet and capital structure that gives us great optionality, I believe we are the leading global IT company. And we have important, entertaining and useful content in categories that are loved, trusted and of safe. Our content has the broadest multi-generational consumer appeal and high proceed value among advertisers and distributors. We are powering people’s passions and genres that are central to their lives, and we have niche channels, quality brands and talent that people around the world trust, respect and believe in. And we are now starting to see the results. From revenue to adjusted OIBDA, to free cash flow and of course, virtually all operating metrics, we are seeing healthy momentum. We are benefiting from continued merger synergies from the Scripps acquisition; from strong consumer demand that is driving our adoption in multiple distribution packages and bundles in the U.S. and around the world; and progress we are making in building out our suite of direct-to-consumer products with best-in-class IP in passionate entertainment and sports categories. Discovery looks different. Our strategy is different and different is really starting to pay-off. And what a difference a year makes. This time last year, we have just closed on Scripps. And there were questions about the future of our businesses. Our lack of inclusion on virtual MVPDs, our ability to leverage home and food around the world and the amount of debt we had taken on to close the transaction. A year later, while we don’t have all the answers yet, we have made remarkable progress. We have proven the durability of our core business, the value of our beloved brands in an OTT world and the opportunities made possible by our global reach consumers in nearly every country. We have reduced our net leverage to below 3.5 times, and we are seeing a healthy acceleration of our core businesses across the board. We are excited about our growing portfolio of new global direct-to-consumer services and the management and engineering leadership we are recruiting to Discovery continue driving the strategic advantage we have in our own technology infrastructure. Domestically, we've continued to make great headways toward near ubiquitous distributions of our key channels across the virtual MVPD landscape, most recently with an agreement to launch nine of our brands on YouTube TV. We now have the most widely distributed cable network group across all key OTT players. Our team has done a terrific job advancing our position. We are thrilled to partner with YouTube, Hulu and Sling, ensuring that we are well positioned to grow as consumers migrate to new bundles and platforms. Additionally, our U.S. rating trends across many of our key networks continue to improve. In the first quarter, we have the top four cable networks on commercial delivery for women in prime from 8 to 12, with ID, HGTV, food and TLC, pretty remarkable and a first ever in the cable industry, helping us to drive domestic advertising at the top end of our peer group for a couple of quarters in a row now. I’m pleased with our performance and the trend lines we are seeing with our domestic advertising business. But as I said last quarter, I think we have some real productivity headroom and we have a number of initiatives in place that I think will advance our returns. The team has really dug-in and we continue to innovate through our targeted cost platform marketing capabilities. With 4% domestic advertising growth in Q1 and once again feel great heading into this year’s upfront, our second as a combined company, and we’ll keep you posted on our progress. We are also pleased with our progress and outlook for our international segment as the Scripps content is beginning to gain real traction in key international markets. Building upon the heavy lift we detailed last quarter with regards to layering in Scripps content across our networks, we have also been hard at work launching new pay, free-to-air and digital branded services. We recently announced we will be launching HGTV as a new free-to-air channel in the large advertising market of Germany. We also have secured healthy subscriber commitments throughout Latin America, the new HGTV channel launches across all key countries, while at the same time, nearly doubling the distribution presence for the existing food network channel across the Latin America region. We continue to assess demands in the market and what opportunities exist to fill those holes, both in the linear and digital ecosystems. We are gaining real traction in securing some truly premium IP programming and talent across a number of initiatives. We believe our ten year global relationship with the BBC will be a key milestone for Discovery. As we created a stronger and more efficient UK business that soon to be rationalized UK TV portfolio; secured some of the highest quality blue chip series for our linear networks, such as SERENGETI, which maybe one of the most visually stunning pieces of programming I have ever seen coming to Discovery Channel this summer; produced by Simon Fuller and Perfect Planet, which was produced by Alastair Fothergill who did Planet Earth for us, which is coming in the fourth quarter; and with the new co-development team, at the BBC hard at work creating a pipeline of high profile landmark factual programming over the next several years that we will harvest for Discovery in the U.S. and around the world. The most strategic element of our BBC deal was securing all of the SVOD rights for the BBC Library of factual landmark series and specials, a marvel like library for the factual of natural history genre. Our ambition is to take that library along with the best of the Discovery Channel, Animal Planet and Science Library, together with additional exclusive original content, brands and IP in the genres of natural history, science, adventure, exploration, history, space and technology, packages together into the definitive natural history and factual streaming platform in the world and take that above the globe. It is the perfect moment to create this type of service, high in both entertainment value and global impact and relevancy. Blue Planet 2, for example, not only ranks among the all time top shows ever aired in the UK, it ignited a major global call through action, after an episode on the effects of plastics in the oceans led to a ban on plastics in the UK and now adopted across the EU. It is this wonderful content and IP we can aggregate around the globe. As we continue to build out our portfolio of brands and world class content, we are thrilled to be back in business with Chip and Joanna Gaines. They are true singular talents with great creative vision and an authentic ability to connect with audiences. Millions of fans follow their story-telling through the home, the kitchen, the garden and they incorporate strong family values more seamlessly than anyone else. We really want to win together and we are excited to help showcase to gain passion and talent. Discovery will launch a multi-platform global media business around their Magnolia brand, by rebranding DIY next summer, alongside an authenticated go-app. And we’ll then launch a streaming OTT platform service in 2021. GOLFTV is another example of where we have strengthened our content offerings with the best talent, most valuable IT and strong global programming. We’re off to a terrific start. The support of Golf is on fire globally and our timing couldn’t be better. Though still early and in beta, we are seeing real signs of traction in users on GOLFTV, both paid and registered, especially in countries with local heroes, like Japan and Italy and in markets where we’ve taken advantage of Discovery’s local presence. And in Asia-Pac specifically, we are seeing a nice boost across our portfolio given the local must see nature of Golf. In places like Japan where we have put together a great partnership with J:COM. It’s a great template as we look over the next three to four years for when we will have the full global rights, the PGA tour outside of the U.S. and be able to offer PGA, Tiger, as well as all of our Golf products everywhere in the world in a full on ecosystem. We’ve successfully streamed over 35 tournaments across five tours with healthy user engagement, particularly for our Tiger content, Tiger’s Masters' victory was clearly one of the all time great sports moments, and it’s for a welcome and powerful story line to Golf. We’ll be rolling out the exclusive Tiger Woods and structural master class series later this year. And this is just the tip of the ice berg. I couldn’t be more excited about where this partnership with Tiger can take the platform over the coming years. Finally, the global cycling network, which brings together entertainment, functional content, deep engagement and mobile commerce into an immersive lean-forward experience, a great example of what mean when we say view and do and this is beginning to gain some meaningful traction. Every month, millions of cycling enthusiasts, not only visit the site they immerse themselves in the site and with its community. They’re checking out the Maintenance Monday repair videos, seeking help with how-to and ask CCM through the platform and other social media. And they're training along with our pros on famous terrain videos. And they're coming to our live forms, races and training camps, it’s a full 360 degree cycling experience. We believe all these initiatives make Discovery a stronger company, being consumer obsessed is our mission and guide everything we do. And last year, we reached outside of our industry to bring in a top executive from Amazon, Peter Faricy, who ran marketplace to further guide us in this mission. Peter has already added enormous depth to our senior team, has opened up a new office in Bellevue, Washington with a growing product development and engineering team with great depths of differentiated experience and perspective and building leading digital consumer products. Our office in Bellevue, Washington will be a new hub, driving platform excellence to support our strong global IT. While our eyes are very much focus on the path that Peter and team will lead us on in the future, what supporting at pivot is an underlying core business that is still very healthy and growing. And there is perhaps no strong reflection of our underlying operating momentum than having achieved the upper end of our leverage target nearly one year ahead of schedule. At under 3.5 times net debt to adjusted OIBDA down from over 4.7 times a year ago, we are finally in the position of being more opportunistic with our excess capital. As you’ve seen, our board has authorized $1 billion share buyback, which with our strong free cash flow, which over the trailing 12 months basis was over $2.8 billion or about $3.1 billion excluding cash severance, secures our ability to continue to reinvest in our growth strategy, as well as further reduce our financial leverage to align our capital structure to accommodate both the cyclicality of our industry and requisite investment demands. We are in a great-great position. And this optionality affords us the flexibility to intelligently and judiciously allocate our large and growing free cash flow to further enhance our existing portfolio. We enjoyed a uniquely deep level of engagement with our viewers and consumers, and they look to us to nurture their passions. It’s a completely different strategy that most of our peers are pursuing we are playing in a different sandbox than anybody else. We have a different look, feel and appeal than almost all other network groups. And as I said earlier, we really see the different is paying off. And against the backdrop of continued disruption across our industry, I feel confident with our strategic response, the balancing industry headwinds by refocusing and repositioning our portfolio of recognized global brands into immersive passion driven experiences. We are supported by a strong and de-levered balance sheet throwing off a lot of cash, providing us with great runway and real optionality. And we are confident in our ability to continue to execute during this time of disruption and great opportunity. Thank you. And I’ll turn the call over to Gunnar to take you through the financials and the outlook.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David. And thank you everyone for joining us today. I'm extremely pleased with our very strong first quarter operational and financial performance, and with the strategic progress we have already made in 2019 as we continue to transform Discovery. And I remain very optimistic about our company’s outlook. Let me first share some financial highlights from our first quarter, which caps-off the first full 12 month periods in closing the Scripps transaction. My commentary will again focus on our pro-forma results and we’ll be in constant currency terms for the international and total company commentary unless otherwise stated. Please refer to our earnings release filed earlier this morning for all of the details, custom drivers of our first quarter financial results. In the first quarter, Discovery achieved or exceeded all of our revenue guidance metrics with 4% U.S. advertising growth, 4% U.S. affiliates growth, negative 6% international ad growth due to the tough comp for the Olympics last year, which growth excellent -- accelerating slightly towards the fourth quarter and finally, 1% international affiliates growth. We also grew total company OIBDA by 21% due to continued strong synergy realization and due to the Olympics comp internationally. Total operating costs were down significantly with declines in both cost of revenues and SG&A in the U.S. and abroad. This led to 43% total company margins, up 900 basis points year-over-year with U.S. margins expanding 700 basis points and international margins up 1,000 basis points. Additionally, we reported $498 million of free cash flow in the first quarter of 2019, which brings our trailing 12 months free cash flow to roughly $2.8 billion for the first full 12 months as a combined entity, which is after more than $300 million of cash severance and restructuring cost, as well as higher digital spending in the same 12 month period. Our laser focus on cash flow and cost management has allowed us to end the quarter with the net leverage ratio below 3.5 times inside the top 10 of our target net leverage range well ahead of our original stated goal to be back within our target range of 3 to 3.5 times by early 2020. Against the backdrop of this strong improvement in our financial putting, I’m pleased to announce that our board has authorized share repurchases of up to $1 billion. We continue to feel very comfortable with the company’s outstanding ability to generate cash. This authorization increases our optionality and gives us yet another lever to create shareholder value. Regarding capital allocation, our priorities stay the same. Number one, optimize leverage. And within our 3 times to 3.5 times net leverage range, we currently plan to prudently de-lever towards the lower end of this range. Number two, at the same time, we will continue to evaluate value enhancing investments back into our business and strategic M&A. And number three, returning excess capital to shareholders. Before I move on to our forward guidance, I would like to comment on our recently announced UK TV transaction that results our 50-50 joint venture, and the formation of our new SVOD partnership with the BBC. As part of the JV resolution, Discovery will take full ownership of three lifestyle channels in the UK. The transaction is currently expected to close by early June with the following financial impact. Discovery will consolidate the three networks post close. So we will no longer be including the small amount of earnings from our 50% share of UK TV earnings in our equity earnings line. And we will receive cash payment of around $240 million in total over the next two years. All of the three lifestyle networks revenues currently come from advertising, and will be consolidated post closing, and we’ll provide a couple of hundred basis points uplift to international advertising growth assuming the full year of contribution. From an adjusted OIBDA perspective, we expected 2019 impact will be minimal but ultimately, we would expect more meaningful impact over the next six to 12 months as we integrate the network and capture additional synergies. We are also extremely excited about the new 10 year SVOD agreement, which will showcase iconic BBC Natural History content. And I will note that any costs associated with this had already been baked into our digital investment guidance that we gave during last quarter’s earnings call. And now let me share some forward looking commentary. First, I will start with our four key revenue drivers on a pro forma constant currency basis for the second quarter 2019. First, for U.S. advertising, growth is expected to be similar range as the first quarter, up 3% to 5%, driven by similar dynamics, continued pricing increases and the continued monetization of our digital and Golf product, partially offset by lower linear ratings on a year-over-year basis. Our ratings performance for the quarter as always will be a key determinant of where we will fall within our guidance range. We would note we expect continued outperformance versus the market, helped by our recently announced YouTube deal in addition to the uplift from now having additional mix on Sling and Hulu. Second, U.S. affiliate growth is expected to accelerate versus the 4% in the first quarter, primarily given additional virtual MVPD carriage. As noted, the first quarter should see the lowest growth of the year. Though, as always, this assumes no major change in subscriber content. And while there are lot of moving pieces, both headwinds and tailwinds, we still feel very comfortable with our full year guidance of U.S. affiliate revenue growth in the mid single-digit range, especially given our recently announced YouTube deal, and now best in industry representation across domestic, traditional and virtual distribution platforms. Third, international advertising growth is expected to be up mid-single-digits. We expect sequential improvement across all regions and further continued monetization of our digital products. Note this also assumes around one month of contributions from the three new UK TV networks. And finally, international affiliate growth is expected to be up low single-digits. Underlying trends remain relatively consistent with last quarter across our markets, and we also continue to drive monetization of our digital subscription products. Turning to total company guidance. As noted, we still expect another year of healthy free cash flow goals in 2019, and we will continue to be laser focused on driving free cash flow growth even after making the investments necessary to build out our direct-to-consumer portfolio. Our view on the puts and takes behind our ultimate full year free cash flow results have not changed versus what we laid out last quarter. As we had outlined, growth will be based on adjusted OIBDA growth and lower cash restructuring expenses, partially offset by increasing investments in direct-to-consumer, higher CapEx and higher cash taxes. I continue to expect an incremental $200 million to $300 million of direct-to-consumer investments over last year. And the negative impact on the full year 2019 adjusted OIBDA is still expected to total around $300 million to $400 million on an absolute basis. Please note that a vast majority of the spending is still to come, and will be back half loaded given the timing of roll out. Given this cadence, as well as the fact that we have now completed the full four quarters of initial cost synergy capture post the Scripps deal closing, full year margin expansion will primarily be driven by the upside from the first quarter versus additional year-over-year margin expansion in the second to fourth quarter. Moving on to taxes. Please note there is a one-time accounting driven and non-cash structural impact that will significantly lower our book tax rate in the second quarter and in the full year 2019 that I want to draw your attention to. As part of the integration of Scripps, we are in the process of streamlining and rationalizing our global legal entity footprint. The most significant accounting implication from these internal restructuring will be a one-time $450 million to $500 million tax benefits in the second quarter as we are recording in deferred tax assets, which will make our second quarter book tax rate a negative one. With that, we now expect our 2019 full year book tax rate to be in the low to mid single-digit range. Again, this is a non-cash benefit and there is no impact to our cash taxes or to our free cash flow. Before I close, let me quantify the expected foreign exchange impact on our 2019 results. At current spot rates, FX is now expected to negatively impact revenue by approximately $180 million to $190 million and adjusted OIBDA by $70 million to $80 million versus our 2018 reported results. In closing, I remain extremely satisfied with the financial footing of Discovery and optimistic about our outlook. Our strong balance sheet and financial performance will allow us to accelerate the transformation of our business, drive free cash flow and ultimately generate significant long term value for our shareholders. Thank you again for your time this morning. And now David, JB and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Alexia Quadrani: I guess my question for David maybe is on the international side. It looks like you guys are making a big push internationally. You guys had such great success out of senior legacy Discovery business and now you’re making a bigger effort on the Scripps side as well. Can you talk about how big the opportunity is for the Scripps assets? And when we might begin to see some of these newer initiatives you’ve talked about earlier in the call that is it results? And then I have a follow up after that.
David Zaslav: Historically, we’ve gotten most of our growth by gaining market share. And when you take a look at our international results now and as we look going forward, we think we’ve really turned the corner around our accelerating. Our market share is growing broadly. And now on the advertising side, we see mid single, which is a real acceleration. In the affiliate, we see low single. So we’re back to being a growth business again. The Scripps content is starting to work in some markets really quite well. But I'm going to pass it on to JB as we talk about how we think we’ve made this turn. It's been a lot of hard work. And JB is on the ground running that business.
JB Perrette: Alexia, as David said, when you look back a couple of years ago, it’s a great -- the growth rates of C&I. The international business is really driven by share growth, as David mentioned. And after a while having utilized a lot of the Discovery legacy content to its max that began to slow in part. And then what’s happened over the last six to nine months as we’ve gotten Scripps library ingesting and started to take more advantage of it, we’ve really seen content driving better audience share performance in a major way. And that’s really begun to turn the story around for us. And so as an example, in the UK, we had our best quarter ever from a share perspective. Unfortunately, the markets obviously from an advertising perspective are little bit of a mix bag. So the advertising market in the UK was still down mid single, but our shares were way up. And so while we’re not expecting a major turnaround in the marketplaces in some of the more challenged international markets, we'll make this feel particularly optimistic and positive about what’s coming is that our shares are growing, the Scripps content is working better and better and helping. And we’re also launching new networks. As for example, the launch of our free-to-air HGTV in June in Germany, the biggest end market in Europe, the doubling of our footprint from a penetration and the subscriber perspective on food in Latin America with the launch of HG in Latin America. And so we’re seeing the theory that we have talked to you about a year ago of utilizing the Scripps content working better across Europe and Latin America, in particular. And then as David referenced in his comments, in Asia, which has been a trouble spot for us candidly, we’re up content had been performing less well and maybe little less well of it. The great news is things like Golf has completely change the game for us. Where we weren’t having conversations or people weren’t engaging with us in the same way, now all the sudden with Golf, we’re having conversations -- active conversations in markets like Korea, which have been underrepresented by Discovery, historically, about launching new channels and new opportunities in that business, a lot of it drilling by that, the Golf product, as well as the coming BBC product, which also has enormous appeal, particularly in Asia, which has an overemphasis, obviously, on education and smart programming.
Alexia Quadrani: And just a quick follow up on your comments on the use of cash, thanks for that. I just wanted to clarify. Can we assume that you can balance being active in the new buyback authorization was for prioritizing investments in business and M&A?
JB Perrette: I think that’s a good summary, Alexia. As I said, we’ll for the time being, also focus on bringing down leverage a little further to the lower end around 3 times rather than 3.5 times given where we are in the transformation. And other than that, our priorities haven’t change. We’ll continue to make all necessary investments in the business, drive future growth. We’ve talked about all the organic investments that we’re making and we’ll continue to balance that. I'm very, very happy with where we are. Keep in mind, it’s been 12 months, we’re down 1.2 turns on leverage, $2.8 billion cash flow generated in the first 12 months after closing the deal. So I think we’re in pretty good shape and have a very, very strong balance sheet at this point.
David Zaslav: This team is really impressive. The Scripps transaction has really worked. We’re now free and clear of that. We have some more synergies coming through. But we were at about $1.4 billion of free cash flow, they were at $700 million. And I’ve been saying for a long time that this transaction, if we could really execute; makes us a free cash flow machine and set out a target of $3 billion that we would more than double our free cash flow; and the execution to be in a position now we’re a year ahead; we’re below 3.5 times levered, $2.8 billion in cash, $300 million on transactional related costs; and being in a position now to have full flexibility of investing in our business of looking at acquisitions. There's loads of companies now that we have the flexibility to be looking at strategic assets that are sustained -- that provide sustainable growth, buyback and de-levering a little bit more. We’re going to be generating lot cash. And so we don’t see anything major. We love where we are right now; we don’t see any major M&A; but the idea that we have all this cash and we have an ability to use it strategically in an unencumbered way around the world. It's just an exciting moment for the company.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Brett Harris from Gabelli Research. Your line is open.
Brett Harris: I wanted to ask about the competitive landscape for non-fiction programming. It seems that non-fiction would fit naturally into an SVOD service but most major services are really focused on general entertainment and you characterized that as crowded in your opening remarks. Hulu made an announcement about some cooking theme shows. Any sense that SVOD services are moving into non-fiction? And I guess the broader question is how should we think about your advantages as incumbent non-fiction provider?
David Zaslav: When we look at IP, we've worked very hard over the last five years to transition into really compelling IP, and what will people pay for before they’ll pay for dinner is our mantra. And that’s been a guide post for us. The excitement for us is that Netflix getting to 250 million subscribers it is they created a road and a path where people get used to paying for content. And 50% of what people watch on TV is scripted series and scripted movies, and they’re going to be able to gorge on that stuff. There's loads of opportunities from $7 to $15, and it will go up over the next couple of year. And people will probably have one, two, three of those and they're going to love them. And maybe they’ll churn between them based on who has the great series or who has some great movies. But that’s 50% of what people love. There's another 50% of what people love and that’s what we have. And there is really nobody in our space. Yes, Hulu is doing a few food shows and Netflix does some stuff, a little bit of natural history. But all of the BBC content is coming off of Netflix. And the ability to create series and new big event programming Planet Earth 3 is coming to us globally everywhere in the world and the next Blue Planet is coming to us, our ability to use all of that IP. But in addition to that, those brands stand for big entertainment that’s why people buy them. They want to see the great series Mrs. Maisel, Game of Thrones that’s the business that they’re in. We’re really much more in two different businesses, we think Natural History can be massive, every family, everyone in the world should want to have this. And as I’ve said, it will be less than $5 but it’s a product more and more is about learning, being smarter, being aware of the planet, this young generation cares deeply about what’s going on. And we’re going to be documenting the planet. And we’ve gotten huge feedback from lots of players that say they want to be part of this in front of the screen and behind the screen. But then when you look at some of these sub-groups, whether its food or home, we have a tremendous amount of talent that are affiliated with this, and we think we could build real ecosystem. We’re doing with cycling now. We’re doing it with Golf. We think we can do it with food. We think we can do it with home design. And so it’s great that they want to play a little bit in this space, but we feel very comfortable. We also know how hard this is. Loads of people are playing in the crime space. Loads of people have tried to play in the food space. We are self-strided at the TLC. After several years, we ended up with one show. And Ken Lowe and the Scripps team they know who are the best producers in food and they know -- they work through all the best talent. They have a fine team online that they build up. And so in each of these areas, we have a real expert team working with great producers, many of those producers only work with us because our production in each of these areas are so strong. So I think it’s a wide open field for us. And ultimately, we should be able to build significant businesses around all of them. I think the biggest one being Natural History and Factual as a global initiative that has really driven by family values. And then whether it’s the games, or opera, or food, or home, or crime, I think we have a real, real opportunity. And it’s exciting, because everybody is chasing that same ball and we like the best of the field and we’re seeing it with Golf and cycling already that it’s meaningful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: I have a couple. I’ve lost count of how many direct-to-consumer services you’re launching over the next two to three years. But interested in how you're approaching the revenue model. Can you just talk about how you -- subscription versus advertising in both U.S. and non-U.S. markets. Next or second question is on advertising. You guys have done some of your upfront presentations. How different do you think the selling approach of process will be this year, and can you talk about expectations for the market? And then finally -- sorry for all the questions but finally, you're in a unique position as you mentioned earlier. You're on every virtual MVPD and of course on every distributor, traditional distributor given the loss of subs in the traditional universe. What are you seeing on the other side? Just overall what do you see the market going for Pay TV subs in the bundle?
David Zaslav: One, I’ll just start up with the bundle point. I mean the smaller bundles I’ve been saying this for a while. We’ve seen it outside the U.S. where if we can get -- if we’re 8 or 40, we tend to do much better on the advertising side. Our brands get stronger. Our content is more aggressively viewed. And if we can capture 85% of our revenue to 90% or between 80% and 90%, we end up with a net positive and in some markets very positive. So it’s very hard for us to project where things are going. But we are on older bundles now and we’re moving for all of them. And the skinnier bundles in many cases maybe much better for us, because people will spend more time with our channels and it's a younger audience, and we'll be able to monetize them with better CPMs. And so the good news about us right now is whatever happens, Malone said to me four years ago, the key to long term sustainable growth in a business that has challenge is beyond every platform. If you’re on every platform, you’ve a real game. And if you can be on every platform and have top services on those platforms then you could find significant growth even in the business that’s in long term secular decline. And so that’s the position we’re in. We’ve worked hard to get there. And on those new platforms, we also get a lot more data and analytics that give us the superior CPM. So it’s really additive in that regard. On the pay and free, we’re already in the market with MotorTrend, and it’s doing very nicely for us. We have the Eurosport Player, which we’ve been at for 4.5 years. We’ve learned a ton. And it’s what led us to Golf and cycling as individual sports and not just being sport but being transactional and providing a full social ecosystem, as well as information everyday that people can get up and read like you read a daily magazine, we've talked about Natural History. But in each of these, there are really two pieces. There’s the funnel where you can go and see stuff for free. So eventually, Golf might be -- a 100 million people are playing around the free funnel and then that -- yes, we can promote in every country everywhere in the world what we have, funnel number one, which almost nobody else has in every language. Funnel number two, is the free funnel where you don’t have to give us your credit card and you can just hang around and see some tiger, or see some of the golf, or play around with the cycling. And here people talk about what else is going on behind the pay wall. And we can monetize that from an advertising perspective, which we are. And then that leads into the pay and so each one will be the triple funnel. And I think one of the reasons why we got the PGA and one of the reasons why we’re so confident about our ability to aggregate and scale in this business is we have these affinity groups globally in every language spending time with us. And we did this with Eurosport. We built the Eurosport Player for free I mean the Eurosport.com and 30 million to 40 million people across Europe come to us with a number one place people come for free. And then we get to say to those people. Well, here’s what we have behind the wall. And so there is no other company that can do -- look affinity groups in every country [Technical Difficulty] and then you get the credit card. And so we're at the very beginning of this. But we think this could be quite compelling. And then we’ll deploy our capital as we see it. If Golf looks like it’s accelerating in a meaningful way, we’ll accelerate in a lot of harder. Cycling is a very big global business and opportunity for us, and spend more money there. On Natural History, we’re ready to spend the significant amount of money, because we think that everyone that has Netflix or has Disney’s product or HBO, what family shouldn’t also have this companion product. And their kids can see the greatest science and the greatest Natural History and learn all about space. And so that’s the funnel environment that we have. Gunnar?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: I agree with all of that. And then, Jessica, I think one additional point is what you may see is that this evolves overtime. And we have that very unique position of having that global footprint in place with linear networks across the world. So for some of the deals that may be sublicensing elements in individual territory that’s the benefit that we have combining the total rights that we’re buying of our long deal terms, and owning our content and having their international complete global footprint in place. So from the perspective of our ability to exploit this content and contain the risks with some of the investments, I think it's the best position we could be in.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: And advertising?
David Zaslav: Jessica, so you've got all the questions. You’re covering the gamut. The upfront looks -- we finished our five city tour. We hit the upfront as strong, or stronger than we’ve ever been. We have top, the top four channels for women, we were the number two TV company in America in terms of reach, now we’re number three but only by a smidgen with Disney pulling in Fox, they were a little bit bigger than us. But we are one of the three big scale players in the marketplace. And so the upfront feels pretty good, scatter is strong that’s accelerated. We feel stronger probably in all ways that it has. We don’t know how long it’s going to last. But the last few weeks have been very, very good, some of it maybe that there is a lot of underperformance at the broadcast and some other and some other places in the cable industry. And so there is not a lot of inventory out there, a lot of people have a lot of make goods. So I don’t know whether we’ve been getting a unique advantage or whether that’s the current situation. But we also have, as we go into the upfront, we think we have a unique advantage, which is if not a good it’s a baddy for us, but it’s a goody if we can turn it. And that’s that you look at two guys in front of us their prime CPM is $55 plus. CBS's prime CPM is $55 plus, and so is Fox. So we got the four players around us in price at $55 plus. We’re aggregating audience in prime across our networks. That’s bigger than all of them and we’re at a fraction of that. And so that’s always been the case with cable. But now I went myself and that with every major agency and I’ve been meeting with clients, saying, broadcast is terrific and you can do the $55 and the $55 plus, whatever the increase is and the upfront whether it’s seven, eight, nine, 10. But you could also move some money that where you’re paying $56, $58. And we can give you a spot where you reach everybody at once across all of our -- across our top six networks. And we can deliver 20% of women in America. We can deliver 20% of prices. And we could do unique things with our advertising. And so how quickly that will happen remains to be seen. I’ve been all over it. I’ve been all over the city. We’re starting to get some traction. And the final thing is that the broadcast inventory, in general, as you go between the rating decline that they're on together with the fact that there’s more sports and broadcast. Broadcast prime is shrinking. So that’s a real goodie for us. And then we have DGO, which our authenticated apps where we’re doing better than anyone else, because we have passionate affinity groups that have downloaded those apps and are spending -- a young generation spending a lot of time. So I think we’re probably as well positioned as anybody right now, and we’ll just have to see how the market plays out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Drew Borst from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Drew Borst: I just want to go back to the U.S. affiliate guidance, the mid single-digit you guys have. And I was wondering if you could comment on what assumption is baked into that number with respect to subscribers. And you probably should pull out the virtuals right, because you guys have picked up a whole bunch of incremental carriers. But I'm just trying to understand how you guys are thinking about the traditional facility based sub counts for the balance of the year?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: So again as I said earlier in the call, we’re very confident in our mid single-digit guidance. In terms of assumptions, this guidance is always a probabilized estimate of all the various individual drivers that we’re seeing. Clearly, YouTube is helpful, you’ve pointed out, for MVPDs, in general. That’s clearly a helper, a helper this year. You’ve also seen -- and mentioned the traditional subscriber numbers that come out in the first quarter and that’s certainly working against the trend to some extent. But again, we have a lot of confidence. Our core networks in the first quarter have been down one. Obviously, continue to see larger numbers for the digital smaller networks. You can expect a little more support starting from the second quarter with YouTube rolling in, and that’s -- and we’ll take it from there.
Drew Borst: And then another question on free cash flow. You guys mentioned that when you look at the trailing 12 months, you’ve done $3.1 billion excluding restructuring charges to a reported really impressive number. The street is sitting at -- for this year, sitting at about $2.8 billion, $2.9 billion of free cash. Can you help bridge that? I know the quarter was quite strong. But can you help bridge that. The street is basically not forecasting much growth. Are we being too conservative on the outlook for free cash flow in ’19?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Drew, two months ago when we reported fourth quarter earnings, I said that we feel very strong about our ability to generate cash flow. I'm very happy with the first quarter numbers. A couple of points as to remember that I pointed out when we reported 2018; we are going to see some more CapEx; and we are going to make those additional incremental investments in digital; and for what it's worth, we haven’t -- the incremental investment hasn’t been huge in the first quarter and there’s a lot coming through towards the second half of the year. I continue to see a total absolute dollar amount of $300 million to $400 million of negative impact on our P&L when we ramp up all the initiatives that we’re working on. But that being said, I also see a lot of opportunity. The restructuring expenses, as you know, are going to come down very significantly. So I feel very good about it. But as I said, when we have spoke last time, we want to maintain the flexibility, because some of those investments are going to be on different timing and there is some variability. So I don’t want to put out any specific guidance at this point. But I’m very, very confident.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: David, on the Natural History and factual OTT service, which hopefully you'll give a name to relatively soon, so we know what to call it. But any thoughts on -- at what point is there a trade-off between building these OTT services and your affiliate negotiations with Pay TV providers, even its for the digital channels that are already have bigger declines. And Gunnar, as these services get launched, is there any rule of thumb that we can use in terms of how many subs were breakeven? David talked about the TAM being fairly large for the Natural History and factual OTT services. Is there any target that we all should keep in mind as we think about the growth prospects for those businesses?
David Zaslav: Well, first, Discovery is a primarily series-driven product. It tends to be the number one channel for men around the world. And as you look at our audience, the majority of our audience right now is coming from series. We’re going to put in some -- we think we can get some meaningful upside on Discovery around the world and really super-nourish the brand by bringing in some more meaningful blue-chip content with this BBC relationship, as well as some other blue-chip that we’ve had in the work. And so we’ll put that on Discovery. And whether that blend is 90-10 or 80-20, it's mostly series with big tentpole content. The Natural History and Factual product is a little bit different, or a lot different. We have the entire BBC library. We have all of their titles. We have our blue-chip library. We have all of our space content, all of our stem content. We have the best largest science library in the world. And you have 5G coming into the home and the ability to see we did a series, When We Left Earth, which is an eight part series where we took all of NASA family library converted into HD, put together a comprehensive great documentary. If you like that you're then going to get recommended into another 150 different things series that you can learn more about space or podcasts. And so we see this as both entertainment and life learning. And it’s going to be really driven by -- and there is a whole piece of this, there is a generation that has reached out to us about helping with this idea of understanding what’s going on around the planet. And this stuff, if you look at Blue Planet 2 in the UK, it was the number one series, number one series for the entire year in the UK. And this content we think is very different, because it’s -- people aren’t going to be watching it and as a streaming product like they’re watching Gold Rush, and Deadliest Catch and Naked and Afraid -- Myth Busters. We have great, great content on Discovery and we think we can grow it. But we think this is a different an ecosystem, which will be nourished by families that want to see some of the greatest IP out there in terms of blue-chip, but then really do a real deep dig down on history and science and space, and create a place that people can hang out like you would with Netflix, very different than Discovery, or Animal Planet, or Science. But we will promote. We have those affinity groups that are spending time with us. And we’ll be pushing back and forth. But one is not a replacement for the other.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Doug, on your breakeven question, I totally understand the desire to get some support and modeling that’s out. Obviously, we have our business cases. We have discussion scenarios. We’re looking at all those questions from a management perspective. But we’re also realistic enough to know that we don’t have all the answers yet. And some of those assumptions are going to change as we go through the roll out, either because we’re learning or because we're actively making different decisions. If we find something is really starting to work really well, we might want to get behind it with additional content investments, additional platform, whatever. So I don’t want to have any expectation out there. So this is the number of sums we need to get to. That’s why we’re absolutely not at the point to communicate anything there yet. Operationally, that’s the second point. With Peter Faricy’s arrival, I mean he and the team are very focused on operating metrics on the consumer experience on engagement et cetera, much more at this point than financial metrics and taking about revenue growth and breakeven. We are seeing some first growth contributions, but that’s absolutely not a priority right now, and from a purely financial perspective that is perfectly fine for me. The way I look at this is we have a portfolio of very, very attractive initiatives. I think we have all the ingredients in terms of the content, the global footprint and most importantly, a very, very incredible team for these offerings. And I look at the overall financial envelop. I’ve given you guidance on how much of P&L loss we’re absorbing in 2019. And I look at this and I see that the number is small enough to be absolutely acceptable from a risk perspective and large enough to allow some of those initiatives to really start having a positive impact a year, two years, three years from now.
David Zaslav: The key is, before we were looking to drive scale. So big mistake. First, create a great product that people love. Create a Golf product that people say. And if you love Golf you don’t have this you crazy, this is the greatest thing. And that’s what we’re finding now with cycling. We have an ecosystem where people are telling each other, you’re not on this. This has everything you want around cycling. Then we can apply an aggressive subscriber acquisition program. But JB has been is on the ground around the world looking at the interest in Golf and balancing that with Peter on, as well as cycling and now the BBCPs, which JB was a driver on with me, because we both think it could be quite big.
JB Perrette: The exciting thing we see from global opportunity is that these opportunities right now are still very early and very and we’re at the beginning. But it’s a playbook than we know extremely well. And if you think the Discovery playbook of taking products out of the U.S. and taking around the world, which has been our marquee for 30 plus years. The GC and cycling example, we have an English language product today that is working incredibly well where we are then doing exactly the same playbook we had where we’re launching in German, in Spanish, in Japanese and taking that same product around the world, utilization the discovery infrastructure to help localize it. And so I think the growth opportunity when you do that across the different opportunities, we’re just beginning to tap into what we think is going to be a very clean and robust global scaling of those products as we take them around the world.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Rich Greenfield from BTIG. Your line is open.
Rich Greenfield: David, you called out digital as a tailwind to ad spend. I think you mentioned some of the watch stuff earlier on in the conversation. But just -- and I look at the billion dollars of advertising that you’re now reporting on a quarterly basis. How big is digital? Can you give us some sense of like how significant it now is that it’s actually providing a tailwind to the whole number? And what are the key pieces within the digital that are really driving growth? And then just a quick follow up for Gunnar. When you look at the Q4 results, you talked about your core networks were flat. This quarter, you said they were down 1%, which surprised me just because you brought on Hulu late in the quarter, and you had Sling. Is that just a fall out being the traditional players, or is that actually some of the MVPDs losing subs as they raise pricing in Q1. I’m just trying to square the sequential deceleration that you saw there. Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Rich, I think, number one, you’ve seen the numbers that have come out on the traditional side. One technical point is when we talk about sub losses on a quarter-by-quarter basis we’re looking at the end of the quarter numbers. So you’ve essentially had Sling and Hulu in the number for the fourth quarter. So you wouldn’t expect any incrementals outside of the growth of those platforms. And then clearly, YouTube has not come on yet, I think that’s the explanation for that discrepancy that you’re seeing there. And then regarding the size of the digital businesses, again, we don’t carve that out, it’s part of our reporting segments and its, I should say, that it's still very small in terms of absolute numbers. But given the contributions to growth and probably the most important point here is TV everywhere, our Discovery Golf platform, which we’re selling on an integrated basis with the linear traditional advertising. That’s been contributing to our growth quite nicely for now a year and a half, almost two year now. So, on a relative basis meaningful, I mean, JB, I think you also saw some very nice contributions in the Nordic from that…
JB Perrette: Rich, you've heard us. We’ve talked for a while about some of the challenges we face in the Nordics and Northern Europe, which have been some of the markets that have been most aggressively globally hit by sub level declines over the last several years. And we’ve been obviously finding that hard with pricing growth on ad sales and trying to get our digital products in better shape. And exciting thing for us in that market is we’ve finally seen over the last few months a return to growth, largely driven by digital, both ad and the fact that through Peter's work and his team's work, we’ve gotten our product in much better shape from two star rating to a four plus. And we’re starting to seeing subscriber growth really turnaround and turn that region back into a growth story, which has been -- and that’s the case for the last couple of years.
David Zaslav: So two points there, JB just said it, but we’re bringing in Peter. And he brings in a team, including one of the top technology people from Amazon. And they created an attack team of -- look we got to make the products we have better. And so we de-play have a lot of great content, because we’re the major scale player in Northern Europe with free-to-air and cable. Improve the products from a two star product to better than a four star product. And we started to see acceleration with time people spend on it and with the number of people -- and the number of people that are recommending it. So I think our products are getting better, it’s a process. The other piece on digital is its just encouraging from a consumption standpoint. As I talk to my peers, they don’t have Discovery. They don’t have these DGO products. You can’t have DGO for general entertainment service. You have DGO, because people love food and they will authenticate and take a few minutes as cumbersome to get it on their device so they can watch all their favorite food shows, or all their favorite Discovery shows, their favorite home shows and it’s scaling in a meaningful way. We get a lot of data. They're spending more time on it. And the most important thing is that the average age is in the 20s. So what it says about us is yes the people that are watching HG, and food, and some of those channels are older. But by putting ourselves -- by having this authenticated platform, we’re seeing that a lot of young people really, really like our content and the advertisers are seeing it. So it’s a real plus for us.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more question. Our final question for the Q&A session comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Two questions, David. One, you talked earlier about productivity headroom and ad sales. I think you mentioned in U.S. and that is your largest revenue stream. I wonder if you could talk about what you guys are doing there. You mentioned some initiatives to try to drive that even higher in any timeline we should be expecting. And secondly, you mentioned that now that you've de-levered, you’ve got a lot of flexibility to look at strategic assets to help sustain growth. And I know you don’t want to be specific nor should you be. But when you think about Discovery, historically, international was the driver of growth pre-Scripps and Scripps has made you a much more U.S. based business from an EBITDA perspective. I'm just wondering if adding international depth and breadth is something that you think would be interesting for the company longer-term.
David Zaslav: We look at everything, but we really like the company we have right now. There’s nobody -- the only thing in our way is ourselves and satisfying the consumer with something they love. And if we do that this global IP company is going to take off, because we now have a traditional business. You look at this quarter coming, we were mid single. When you look at our affiliate domestic and international and our ad domestic and international, four major metrics, four are up mid and one is up low. We got a growth business. And on top of that, we got a lot of great content. And so we feel good about that. The piece about advertising, we’re just way under -- we’re just punching the way under our way here. We're the third biggest TV company in America. And unlike tuning in for a series, people are watching HG and food like they watch Fox News or more, the length of view is higher. The largest length of view in America and the number one channel for women is ID we have. And with networks like Food and MotorTrend and HGTV, their advertisers that absolutely need to be on. So we are outperforming the marketplace with a great, great sales team. And so on traditional metrics, I believe we will continue to outperform significantly in a meaningful way, because we got a great team. We also have -- the second piece that we have is I think we got a great trend. Broadcast is going to decline much faster than one us. I think the board interest cable channels are going to decline faster, and people still loving spending time with us. But even though we have a great team and we’re outperforming the market, I look at it and say, we have real meaningful opportunity. The average CPM for broadcast is 55% and for us it’s $20, or less. And we can provide you -- so you can go to a broadcast and buy a 0.8 for $55 or $58 and you come to us and buy a four for 40% of that. So how do we capture that? We put together a program that I’m going hand-to-hand with Steinlauf and fighting for, to say, hey, I don’t do this as the favor to us, this is great for your clients. And here is the program that we can provide for you. And we’re messaging that. We’ve already gotten some money at much higher rates, but we wanted to be more scale. In addition, we’re not sold out anywhere close on all of our digital products. And we have a team that's great at selling linear and we’ve been doing -- we’re in on weekend working on this DGO product, its hell of a product. And we’re not sold out enough on it. It's great and people that are on it, they’re doing very well. So how do we drive sell out on digital. And then how we do -- we have to use the fact that we have these incredible audiences and the ability to put a spot across five or six of our networks and get a four, five or six. And so, I expect we will outperform the market in the traditional sense. Then we’re going to get better at doing our digital products and selling them out, which will give us some incremental growth. We have DGO, which nobody else has, which is accelerating. And then we have this value proposition of, hey, if 8% or 9% more on $55 for a 0.8 on a broadcast network, if that’s making you crazy, we got a great home for you here. And we got a great deal and we think we could deliver for you. So I think you're going to -- we see that acceleration already, but we’re going to the upfront really in a collaborative way this time. We’re already in deep conversation with a lot of people about these initiatives. And they’re listening, because the decline of broadcast is a big concern and we could be the answer to that, which could be a win-win.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Ben, can I add one point to the question about the locale of our investments. Given that a lot of the stuff that we’re working on into direct-to-consumer space, what’s driving those $300 million, $400 million investment today as discussed, all of those are global in nature. So by that very nature, those are going to be internationally focused, because the U.S. is one market in 220 territories. So you should assume that a lot of that is going to hit the D&I P&L, both regarding initial start-up losses but also in the case of success obviously regarding growth rates. And then I also just want to be clear that when we talk about those investments, we feel very strong about what we have. There is no need for making any further investments. There is nothing coming through the pipeline that’s visible right now. So just want to clarify that as well.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes our Q&A portion and also the call. Thank you for participating in today’s conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Discovery Year-End and Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President of Global Investor Strategy. Please go ahead.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery's fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer; and JB Perrette, our President and CEO of International. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.corporate.Discovery.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar and then we will open up the call for your questions. Please try to keep to one question, so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects, and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2017, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning everyone and thank you all for joining us on today's call. Before we begin, I'd like to extend a warm welcome to JB Perrette, our President and CEO of International. JB and I have been working together for almost 20 years and I'm pleased that he'll be joining us on this morning's earnings call. With so much exciting activity taking place across our diversified international portfolio, JB can help provide some color and perspective on what's taking place in the many international markets in which we operate. I'm pleased to report that we delivered a strong set of operating results this morning capping off a transformative year for Discovery. Coming up on a year since our merger with Scripps, I'm proud of the achievements and progress we've made in a short amount of time and even more excited about the opportunities ahead. Over the last year, we've reengineered our company, creating a leaner, more efficient, and more focused global operating structure, represented impressively in our expanding operating margins which increased by 600 basis points this quarter and we expect to expand our margins further in 2019 as Gunnar will discuss. Our better than expected free cash flow generation and our significantly reduced net leverage reduced by roughly a turn in just 10 months. We are a free cash flow machine and we intend to drive it hard. We've also taken meaningful steps to strengthen and solidify our core businesses by adding exclusive new content and capitalizing on the uniqueness of our global loved brand and treasure trove of IP. We are powering people's passions with Immersive 360 degree media ecosystems in popular and valuable content categories uniquely combining linear and direct-to-consumer experiences. And we continue to enhance our global suite of brands and IP that have real utility and function, helping to further differentiate us from our peers. We have a growing opportunity to more effectively attract and engage viewers around the world and across all platforms, against the backdrop of our position as the number two TV Company in America including broadcast and cable. Our leadership position in 200 countries and territories around the globe with multiple channels in every market making us the number one pay-TV company in the world. We cast a uniquely wide global net essentially unparalleled. Our existing reach allows us to drive awareness to our emerging set of consumer services. I've referred to this in the past as having a brick and mobile presence or the ability to drive awareness on the ground to our mobile and direct-to-consumer presence. Our ubiquitous global brands and pay and free to air channels such as the Discovery Channel, Animal Planet, Food, HDTV MotorTrend, Science, TLC, ID, Oprah, and Eurosport and valuable strategic long-term partnerships like those with the Olympic Games and the PGA Tour, the European Tour, and Tiger Woods, helped to differentiate us on this front. Our Global IP which we own above the globe is also distinguished by the fact that it married entertainment with function and utility. And in an environment where 5G and bigger broader pipes create wider lanes into the home and directly to consumers wherever they are, the nature of what nourishes people can and will change, we're extraordinarily well suited to capitalize on that. We view our passion verticals like Food, Home, Natural History, Science, Auto, and Oprah, as representing great examples of where our functional content can extend into new ecosystems with a conversation with viewers, fans, and participants has elevated into an experience that brings watching and doing together. When it comes to traditional scripted content and movies, people watch that content. We have an opportunity to create content and experiences where people watch and do. Additionally, our strategy has been to own and control virtually all of our content rights in every window, in every market around the world. We have purposely left meaningful revenue dollars on the table by playing the long game as compared to many of our peers that have for example hived off digital distribution to any number of streaming services or sold-off international rights. As a result, we will not have to buy back content and give up revenue to drive our strategy forward. It allows us to have great speed to market and accelerate our ability to scale as services gain consumer appeal. For example, let's look at the Food and Cooking category, a broad genre that represents a multiple $100 billion addressable marketplace in which we have excelled as a perennial top cable network for decades. We enjoy rich engagement with a strong and trusted brand that is loved by fans. The Food Network reaches over 150 million global fans per month on its digital properties alone and they consume over 450 million monthly video views, enjoy a leading social footprint, has 10 million monthly readers of our Food newsletter, and over 80,000 recipes that are regularly assessed. When fans think of Food, our brands are well represented and our relationships run deep and wide and serve as a great backbone from which we can continue to pursue entirely new business models. In our drive to build and own the global cycling ecosystem, we acquired the Global Cycling Network last month. It is a targeted and highly valuable global audience including a sizable group here in the U.S. and it follows on the heels of our multi-platform global alliance with the PGA Tour in which we are seeking to super serve communities of passionate sports fans. We first invested in the Global Cycling Network two years ago and recently took a large majority ownership position. We're now the leader in serving passionate highly participatory and high income cycling enthusiasts around the globe, $50 billion plus market. The business model has multiple revenue streams including advertising, subscription, commerce, and events among others, and by complementing Eurosport's position as the home of cycling in Europe we believe there is great upside to this combination and offering. And it's a terrific blueprint much like MotorTrend, another strong example of the vertical where we have been able to drive an Immersive 360 degree offering by leveraging our linear presence, in-depth IP, and brand recognition with fans. We've gotten off to a great start with Golf TV, our long-term relationship with the PGA Tour and we're very pleased with early product results. While we're still in beta and really just getting started, we're happy with the quality of the technological capabilities thus far and early engagement numbers are impressive after only a few events. We're super excited about our global relationship with Tiger Woods and the initial Tiger content is proving to be a great driver of interest. Tiger is having a lot of fun with the interface with fans and we've already produced over 30 original pieces that have been consumed by millions of fans over just the first three tournaments. And we are enthused by the positive perception we've seen to both the linear and OTT product within the initial countries where we've come to market and we're hard at work building something truly unique in the years ahead. As we dig deeper and refine our strategy in direct-to-consumer under Peter Faricy and his team, we gain a great perspective on how best to pivot our resources financially, strategically, technologically, and operationally to the consumer first mindset that engages fans across the breadth and depth of our functional content verticals. And building upon the experiences we've gained from our initial forays into this ecosystem such as launching the Eurosport Player and our GO apps which are now a several $100 million a year business and growing. We’ve gained some great insights into what works and what doesn't. You've heard me say repeatedly achieving success in the direct-to-consumer world will require a lot more than a simple shifting of content from one platform to another. We believe the successful offering requires an experience that is immersive, trusted, informative, educational, social, and community driven. And by virtue of our many functional verticals, we're well suited to successfully pivot our businesses forward. Gunnar will take you through the financials in detail in a few moments, but I'd like to highlight just a few key items. Our brands continue to strongly resonate and feel differentiated within a content landscape that is increasingly cluttered and crowded. Whether marked by the continued momentum at TLC, picking up even more momentum from where it finished 2018 as the number one ranked channel in Prime in January for women 25 to 54, or the Impressive resurgence in ratings at both Food and HDTV that began midway through 2018, the continued success at ID which maintained its number one position in total day for women 25 to 54. Thus, even with the noted rating challenges at the Flagship Discovery which are improving and Discovery is still the number one network for men in Prime XSports. Our portfolio still achieved domestic advertising revenue growth of 3% despite not having news or sports which speaks to the power of our broad portfolio balance. We launched additional Legacy Discovery Networks late in the fourth quarter on Hulu and Sling solidifying our long held view that our portfolio brands does indeed resonate in an OTT world and we continue to strive to partner with every and all key OTT players in the marketplace. Turning to International. While our results are somewhat skewed due to the tough comparisons against the China Mobile distribution deal and deconsolidation of our Eurosport Germany ProSieben venture, our underlying International performance remains solid particularly in light of softness in certain international markets such as UK with Brexit, Italy, and Mexico due to economic and political challenges. We remain focused on continuing to integrate and take full advantage of Scripps content and brands internationally. It's still very early and will take time to see these benefits fully materialize but less than a year into it, we're seeing positive signs on our three main objectives and benefits. One, driving meaningful cost savings by replacing acquired content. These content cost synergies are a meaningful contributor to yet another quarter of margin expansion that we have delivered in 4Q and anticipate more in 2019. Two, leveraging the previously unexploited content and formats to strengthen our existing international networks. Scripps content is now making up from single-digit to low 20% of schedules in certain key markets such as Germany, Italy, Brazil, and Mexico and we are seeing continued improvements in performance as well. And finally, three, launching new pay free-to-air and digital branded services focused primarily around Food and HDTV where in markets such as Europe and Latin America, we're securing commitments and getting off to a great start with new network launches. Lastly, we believe that we have the right combination of linear and non-linear platforms. The strongest hand in Global IP and some of the strongest brands in creative curators in the world, all supported by a strong and de-levered balance sheet throwing off a ton of cash which provides us with great runway and optionality. We're confident in our ability to execute during this time of disruption and during this time of great opportunity. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Gunnar.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you, David, and thank you everyone for joining us today. As David stated, 2018 was a momentous transformational year for Discovery, as we completed the acquisition and integration of Scripps and I'm so proud of what we have accomplished operationally, strategically, and financially. We remain well ahead of our original expectations in our synergy realization and overall company transformation and are very optimistic about Discovery's outlook. Let me now walk through our fourth quarter and full-year financial results. My commentary today will again focus on our pro forma results which include the operations of Scripps as well as OWN and MotorTrend as if all had been owned since the beginning of 2017 and will be in constant currency terms for the International and total company commentary unless otherwise stated. Please refer to our earnings release filed earlier this morning for all of the detailed cuts of our fourth quarter and full-year results. For the full-year 2018, Discovery achieved or exceeded all of our total company guidance metrics with 8% full-year adjusted OIBDA growth helped by a decline in SG&A and total costs due primarily to strong synergies from the Scripps transaction. Over $2.4 billion of reported free cash flow as we benefited from strong operating performance and working capital timing and deficiencies partially offset by Scripps related acquisition and integration costs. And as David noted, we ended the year with net leverage of 3.7 times roughly a full turn lower than when we closed the transaction. Looking at the rest of our full-year results, total company revenues were up 3% with 2% domestic growth which was driven by 3% advertising growth and 1% distribution growth and 8% International growth which was driven by 3% ad growth, 5% distribution growth, and almost 90% other revenue growth primarily from sub-licensing a portion of our Olympics rights in the first quarter. This was partially offset by a 66% decline for education and other due to the April sale of our Education division. Pro forma revenue growth excluding the impact of the sale of the Education business was 4%. As I previously noted, adjusted OIBDA grew 8% well above revenue growth as total company costs were down year-over-year despite having the first quarter Winter Olympics in Europe and despite continued investment in digital initiatives as we realized significant synergies from the merger. Full-year net income increased to $594 million versus a net loss in the prior year which was impacted by the non-cash European goodwill write-down. Our full-year tax rate came in at 33% higher than our latest expectation of the high 20% range due to higher than expected taxes in the fourth quarter primarily due to a book tax charge associated with net deferred tax assets as well as additional fourth quarter non-cash impairments and restructuring charges which impacted net income before taxes in our International division. Focusing now on our total company fourth quarter results, total company revenues were down 1% with 2% domestic growth and flat International growth and a large decline in Education and other due to the sale of the Education business. Adjusted OIBDA increased 16% and margins expanded a healthy 600 basis points helped by significant declines in costs both in the U.S. and internationally in large part due to merger synergy which more than offset continued investments in our digital initiatives. Now let's look at our individual operating units, fourth quarter results, starting with our U.S. segment. Total U.S. revenues grew 2%. We had another quarter of solid advertising growth of 3% which was driven by strong pricing and continued modernization of our GO TV Everywhere platform, partially offset by the impact of lower linear rating particularly at the Flagship Discovery Network. Distribution revenues grew 1% driven by increases in affiliate rates and additional contributions due to new carriage on Sling and Hulu towards the end of the year for certain key Legacy Discovery nets, partially offset by a decline in linear subscribers across the full portfolio for the three months. Delving further into the drivers of fourth quarter U.S. affiliate growth, subscriber trends at our top fully distributed nets like Discovery and TLC which are driving the LION's share of our economics were flat at the end of December, a nice improvement versus down 2% in the prior quarter primarily due to the additional carriage on Hulu and Sling. While total portfolio subs declined 4% year-over-year as expected due to continued high-single to low double-digit losses at our smaller nets. Total domestic costs were down 13% due to content synergies and lower personnel costs leading to 17% growth in fourth quarter domestic adjusted OIBDA and very strong 56% domestic margins or 700 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. Turning now to our International segment. Fourth quarter advertising growth came in flat year-over-year as increases in Europe primarily due to pricing were offset by declines in Asia and in Latin America where double-digit growth in Brazil was more than offset by declines in Mexico and other markets. Fourth quarter affiliate growth of 2% came in ahead of our guidance as increases in Europe due primarily to higher pricing and increases in Latin America due to greater than expected increases in subscribers as well as pricing were partially offset by declines in Asia, our smallest market due to lower pricing as well as a tough comp versus contributions from our mobile licensing deal in China in the fourth quarter of last year and the continued impact from the proceeds in JV. Turning to the cost side, operating costs were down 6% in the fourth quarter with cost of revenue down 9% primarily due to content synergy and flat SG&A with personnel cost reductions from the integration of Scripps offsetting increased personnel hiring primarily related to the digital initiatives. This led to 15% adjusted OIBDA growth and 500 basis point of year-over-year margin expansion. So now that I have reviewed the highlights of our 2018 results, let me share some forward-looking commentary on 2019. From a total company perspective starting with free cash flow, we are very proud to have come in at over $2.4 billion of free cash flow in 2018 versus a target of around $2.3 billion that we said going into the year. I think this is a great result given our priority of de-levering the company as quickly as possible taking net leverage down roughly a full turn in less than 10 months. This represents a free cash flow conversion of over 55% of adjusted OIBDA which underscores the strong potential for cash generation at the new Discovery and nicely offset the significant step-up in operating investments in our direct-to-consumer and overall global digital businesses. Looking ahead in 2019, we expect another year of healthy free cash flow growth based on further adjusted OIBDA growth and continued margin expansion even after further $200 million to $300 million digital P&L investments, lower cash restructuring costs to achieve which we currently expect to be around $150 million versus $400 million in 2018, and further focus on working capital efficiency. There will be some offsetting factors such as higher cash taxes and a roughly $100 million step-up in capital expenditures as part of our further transformation efforts but we will continue to be laser-focused on driving healthy free cash flow growth after also making the investments necessary to build out our direct-to-consumer portfolio. We will continue to update you over the course of the year as we refine the timing and magnitude of our digital investments based on progress, acceptance, and the ultimate success of our initiative. I also wanted to share some commentary around our synergy progress. In 2018, we grew adjusted OIBDA by 8% despite significant investments in digital initiatives primarily due to strong merger benefits across the full global portfolio. While it will become increasingly difficult to identify synergy versus underlying business momentum, we continue to relentlessly drive our ongoing transformation, and as we look ahead to 2019, we will strive towards further cost and revenue upside. And while we expect to increase our investments in our strategic pivot, merger synergies will allow us to more than offset these investments and even after realizing healthy margin expansion in 2018, we expect to see additional margin expansion in 2019. On leverage, we remain well ahead of our schedule to get our net leverage within our target range of 3 to 3.5 times and we expect to be under 3.5 times in the first half of this year. We will discuss our capital allocation plans in more detail once we are within our target range, but for now, our priorities have not changed: first, to reinvest in our businesses; second, to pursue strategic and value accretive M&A investments; and third, to return capital to shareholders through share buybacks. With two-thirds of the first quarter now under our belt, I will also give some color around our four key revenue drivers on the pro forma constant currency basis for the first quarter 2019. First, for U.S. advertising, growth is expected to be up in the low-single-digit range with similar dynamics as in the fourth quarter of last year, continued pricing increases and the continued monetization of our digital and GO products, partially offset by lower linear ratings on a year-over-year basis. Portfolio ratings overall are currently similar quarter-to-date, though key networks like Discovery and TLC are slightly improved versus the fourth quarter supported by additional carriage on Sling and Hulu. Where our ratings end up for the quarter will help determine where we will fall within our guidance range. We would note that we expect a positive impact from having additional nets on Sling and Hulu to continue to slightly pick up throughout the year. Second, U.S. affiliate growth is expected to be up around 3% to 4%, Instagram over the course of the year to be up comfortably in the mid-single-digit-range on a full-year basis again given expected tough growth at virtual MVPD. Note this guidance assumes no significant change in the industry's underlying subscriber trends. Third, International advertising growth is expected to be down high-single-digits due to the tough comp versus the Olympics in Europe in the first quarter of last year as underlying trends remain relatively consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter across our markets. And finally, International affiliate growth will be around flat where again underlying trends remain relatively consistent with last quarter across our markets. So in the first quarter, we face a much tougher comp versus our China Mobile licensing deal in Asia as we delivered more than double the content in the first quarter of 2018 versus the fourth quarter of 2017 as well as some year-over-year impact from additional digital revenues associated with the Olympics and the Eurosport player in last year's first quarter. Before I close, let me quantify the expected foreign exchange impact on our 2019 results. At current spot rates, FX is now expected to negatively impact revenues by approximately $150 million to $160 million and adjusted OIBDA by $65 million to $75 million versus our 2018 reported results. In closing, we remain extremely optimistic about the outlook for the new Discovery which will allow us to accelerate the transformation of our business, drive free cash flow, and ultimately generate significant long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you again for your time this morning and now, David, JB, and I will be happy to answer any questions that you may have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I have a multi-parter, first JB it's great to have you on the call and would love to take advantage of that. When we last met in Warsaw in fall, you gave a compelling view of TVM's growth. Can you give us -- can you talk about the importance -- let me put it this way, given the importance of Poland in the International portfolio, could you give us an update on the strength of that market, kind of the drivers of that market and maybe on a less positive note, can you give us some color on what's going on in Latin America with the ratings. And then for Gunnar or David, just to come back to the free cash flow comment on 2019, can you give us a little clarity on what the building blocks are for free cash flow? You talked -- you said it does seem like a little more to go in synergy both on the cost and the operational side but just a little bit of color on that would be great?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes, good morning, Jessica. This is Gunnar. Let me start with some more background on -- my thinking around free cash flow. David and I've been speaking about free cash flow and the ability of this new combined company to generate cash quite a bit. And I'm actually very proud of the tremendous progress that we've made with the $2.4 billion number for 2018 again only 10 months into the combination. And again keep in mind that includes about $400 million of restructuring cash out, and also we have made all the investments in our digital and direct-to-consumer portfolio this year that we -- that we felt necessary. So I think that's a great result and we're still very excited and encouraged by the further potential. And that's why for 2019, as I said earlier, we're guiding to a healthy growth. There's going to be significant improvement in the cash generated by the underlying operation of this business. And as we go through the year, we will make the decisions of how much and at what times we reinvest part of that cash and that's going to determine the reported free cash flow number. In terms of the building blocks that you asked for, clearly we're expecting further underlying AOIBDA growth. And as I said, I'm expecting further margin expansion this year on top of the margin expansion that we saw in 2018. Also again cash restructuring costs of course are going to come down. We're currently expecting about $150 million in cash out in 2019 after $400 million in 2018. We will continue to focus on working capital efficiency. I still see a lot of potential there. And that's going to be a focus area again in 2019 as it has been last year. And then clearly as we de-lever and pay down debt, cash and expenses is going to come down over time. Now on the offsetting side, clearly there will be higher taxes as we grow our net income before tax. We're also planning for a roughly $100 million step-up in CapEx. That's essentially for two parts. Number one is building out our global tech stack. And number two is some transformational investments that we're making related to consolidating our real estate footprint systems integration et cetera. And then of course the main factor this year is going to be the further P&L investments that we're planning to make. We've got a great portfolio, we've made some key decisions but other decisions are yet to come. And we want to maintain the flexibility and the number and the timing of those investments is ultimately going to determine how much we drop to reported free cash flow. That's why I didn't give a specific number but as you can see, we continue to be super excited and confident about the cash generation.
David Zaslav: What's critical here is when we closed on Scripps, I have laid out a little less than a year ago that we saw this company as being really unique and that we could generate huge free cash flow which we're doing and we'll continue to do and we see it accelerating. But the most important element here is the uniqueness of this company today. The idea that we can generate this kind of free cash flow, and as I said at the time, we can become a free cash flow machine. And what that really does for us in an environment of where there's challenges in the overall ecosystem, it gives us a moat and that moat is all this free cash flow. And as we look at Golf, Cycling, Natural History, we look at Chip and Joanna Gains and the power of their brands and their ability to reach. We look at those different initiatives and we could say this is really working well. We can deploy more capital here. This isn't accelerating, let's deploy less capital but we have full flexibility. And I think that makes us -- that gives us a really unique advantage. JB?
JB Perrette: Yes, hey Jessica. Thanks for the welcome; it's great to have you and so many of our investors over in Warsaw last fall. So on the two questions, first on Poland; we really see the Polish and the TVN asset as a big game changer for us. And really the focus is on three things. Number one; there is strong number one position in TV. We had -- we closed 2018 with record audience share of 27%, our fall season reached an even higher percentage of 29% share with great fall season launches starting in September. And so we couldn't be more excited about the momentum on the TV side. Second, we have the leading local OTT business in with all the content that TVN producers in that market and we continue to see strong double-digit growth across the board in our digital business in Poland. And third, it's given us a major hub to produce both on the backend side of our business as well as on the production side at very low cost great shows. And so we've done some great production so far at 30% to 40% discounts is what we could do either in the U.S. or internationally with things like House Hunters International and some other shows and then we're moving more of our back office activities in some areas to a very low cost and very competitive and high skilled environment. So those three areas have frankly outperformed even what we thought and so we couldn't be more excited about the momentum of the Polish business at the moment. On LATAM, it's frankly a little less; it's not so much a ratings issue. Ratings actually continue to perform well. We're getting as David alluded to in his comments earlier, great commitments from distributors to launch Food and HG, millions of new subs in that region. That's -- the momentum on the operating side both audience and distribution wise remains strong. The challenge really is frankly a lot about Mexico and volume challenges given the political instabilities in that market right now. And Brazil is doing well much better than we did, as David mentioned, we had double-digit growth in the fourth quarter and we continued to see strong improvements in the ad sales market in Brazil. So it seems like it's more of a cyclical issue for us in LATAM and we're hopeful that Mexico will over the course of the year begin to stabilize. And if Brazil continues on the progress it's made in fourth and first then we should have a better story as we get into the back half of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you very much. Just a question really following up on your International commentary bit more generally though in terms of how we should think about International advertising, obviously there is some weakness in Brexit you guys highlighted, does that -- in UK does that get worse before it gets better. And I guess when do you think the Scripps content generally make a difference to the International advertising story? And then just a follow-up for David if I may, I'd love to hear your commentary on how you view Netflix, is it a bigger competitor now in the unscripted content space both in terms of tracking the right content or resources for your networks or viewership just curious to hear your comments?
JB Perrette: So on International, look obviously it's one word as you guys know that's very complicated to paint with one brush given the number of markets but I would say it's -- we really see a bit of a mix. We've seen some markets that are particularly strong. Frankly for us, we talked about Poland markets, some of the Nordic markets which have historically been more challenging, we're seeing great actually growth in markets like Sweden. So there are some markets where the volume and the markets continue to be strong and we have seen then in some other markets which are softer that David alluded to. Brexit specifically, frankly I wish I could tell you, I think we're all sort of waiting as to what the outcome will be. I -- it's hard to say whether that will be a, I don't think it's a short-term fix. But ultimately there is an extension granted in some capacity could the market improve in the back half of the year possibly, it’s just very hard to predict at this point. On the Scripps content, look I think again in a market -- in a marketplace where we saw stronger markets in some of the biggest markets we have, the audience performance is actually trending very positively. So the good news is audiences and ratings are strong as the year progresses and if we see some of these bigger markets stabilize, we've talked about the UK, we have talked about Mexico earlier that I think the monetization will come in towards the back half of the year and over time as we go into 2020.
David Zaslav: On the Netflix Prime, Amazon Prime, HBO Showtime that let me answer it in two ways. One is Food, Travel, ID with Crime home, all those are growing. People are spending more time with us; they're watching more of our content it's growing. This is difficult stuff. And this is what we do for a living. We have a team that does only Food and we work with production companies that deal almost primarily with us. And we figured out how to create shows and build characters in that genre. In the Home genre the same, in the Crime, there's loads of people doing Crime, but Henry Schleiff and his team know how to do it and work with production companies in a collaborative way that I think give us a really unique advantage. So we're seeing growth in those areas and it's what we do. When people go to HBO and they go to Showtime and they go to Amazon Prime and Netflix they're really going for something else, they're paying $10 to $15 for scripted series and scripted movies. That's what the brand is. And look on a broader basis as we get -- as we get further and further into our mission of powering people's passions, people spend about 50% of their time on scripted series and scripted movies and they spent about 50% of their time on everything else. And we've picked out these passionate brands and categories that we think that have -- that are the most compelling in this everything else area. And the big opportunity here is that the right side this scripted series and scripted movies, people watch that stuff, that's all they do, is they watch it, they watch a great scripted series and they watch movies. On our side, we're focusing on this idea that they watch and they do. And that's a huge opportunity. They watch Golf but they also buy Golf equipment. They also -- they will go to Tiger for instruction. They want to see where to take a vacation with Golf. They watch cycling but they buy equipment with cycling and they want to find out where to go to get to get the best clothing and what's the most -- what's the best coaching. When it comes to Food, people watch our content but they also want recipes. They want to talk to experts about how to make, how to engage in, in that category long form and short form. And so we think between Home, Cycling, PGA, Natural History, Travel, Oprah, we're in these categories where people will watch and do and that's why we bought this cycling business. That's why we got into the PGA and even in categories like Natural History where we're the leader globally. People may watch a particular piece of content but then they can take a deep dive into our science or space categories. So we think we don't have -- we're in an environment where we're a real market leader. We're differentiated and we have this opportunity in this watch and do, that could create a real opportunity build businesses in these funnels.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Doug Mitchelson: Hello, thanks so much. I guess two questions, JB curious regarding your sports strategy internationally in Latin America and Asia, with Fox Sports in Brazil and Mexico be a natural fit if Disney has to sell them for deal approval purposes and if not wanting to touch that one just more broadly given the viewing declines mentioned and the pricing declines in Asia, would sports in those markets be something that might make sense to pursue at some point similar to what you've done in Europe. And David on your end, I think a lot of investors look at the stock valuation and while they want you to invest in growth, I think they also think the company should be buying back stock hand over fist and I think what's been outlined on the call so far has been investing in lots of interesting niche opportunities rather than large scale acquisitions suggesting a lot of balance sheet flexibility should be remaining as you go through the year and I was just curious if you had any comment on that and whether I was missing anything there? Thank you.
David Zaslav: On the sports piece, we look at everything. We are -- we own with Liberty Formula E. We own the League in our partnership with Jay Monahan, the PGA. We have global rights everywhere in the world except for here. I deal with Tiger his rights that include the U.S. everywhere in the world. Cycling we just bought a business that's fully global and so we are opportunistic in terms of looking at sport as a passionate brand where we can super serve people's interest across the board. But we're also -- there's a lot of stuff that we look at that we don't think fits our metric of being able to provide long-term growth. In most of those cases, we bought sports assets that have very long tail with --in the case of the PGA, it's through the end of 2030; in the case of the Olympics, we did it for a decade; in the case of cycling, we own the business. And so most of our rights on Eurosport, we paid low-single-digit increases and we got -- we would try to get six year deals. We don't like doing business with these three-year type Soccer deals which we're getting out of. And so I think we're going to be opportunistic, we're in the sports business; we may even be the leader in sports around the world when you aggregate all of our IP. So we look at everything and we will look at everything but we'll look at it in terms of what kind of a sustainable asset it is and JB.
JB Perrette: Yes, I think that's right. And on the Asia piece of it, the reality is the a) the Golf deal has put us in business in Asia in a major way. The two of the biggest markets in Asia for Golf are Japan and Korea. And so that has significantly changed the game. We announced obviously last quarter our expansion of our relationship with J:COM, our distributor there, who is now also our Golf partner, and in Korea we will be coming up next and then China as well. So we are in sports business through Golf which I think is a meaningful step for us. And then the other thing that in terms of more things in Asia and sports, a lot of it becomes much more localized which I think is a bit of a challenge. The rights that are big in terms of Australian Rules Football, Rugby in Australia versus what works in Malaysia versus what works in Japan is oftentimes very different and so it's hard to get the same scalable play. But as David said, we'll look at everything. But I think for now we're going to take the Golf product for a real ride here and we think that has great opportunity.
David Zaslav: And look, I think that we're building a platform that's unique. If we're successful with Golf and cycling, we're also doing MotorTrend and in addition to that, we have global rights to Natural History and these other brands. But if we're able to build, we're the only company that's doing business in over 48 languages and as we build this platform for which we've brought Peter over to build and we've brought over one of the most senior technology leaders from Amazon. If we build that and we're in multiple languages like we did the Olympics in 22 languages, we're going to do the PGA in over 40 languages. And so there's very few companies that can promote from the ground and convert into multiple languages and have a platform that's above the globe. And once that's done, we think the opportunity could be significant. There's a lot of sports with federations are going to want to try and reach above the globe but they're not going to have the scale to build the platform. Our platform is built. They're not going to have the scale to market in every country. We have multiple channels in every country and we have an online digital business in every country. And so we think once we build and we can prove out these ecosystems that we could be a platform that people come to where instead of paying for those rights that we can represent those rights and get a split.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. And then, Doug, on your buyback question, look I mean the way I look at this is I'm really proud of how the leverage number has come down. I mean again almost a full turn in only 10 months. The free cash flow number 2018 has been better than what we planned honestly and also what we guided to and this isn't going to stop. As I said, we're planning to get back into our target range of 3 to 3.5 times within the first half of this year. That's great flexibility, as David said, that's very important in this environment and we see a lot of potential of underlying additional growth in our cash generation. And all those investments that we're discussing about again those are investments that we can fund out of our free cash flow growth. I think that's a very unique situation. I don't think we need any sort of major transactions but you've seen some of the partnerships we've been able to strike over the past 12 months. Those are great divestments into our future growth and doesn't change our financial profile. We've got a very strong balance sheet. Regarding buybacks we're going to come back. Our first priority has always been to de-lever down to 3 to 3.5 times, when we get there, we'll come back and update you on what the capital allocation is going to look like. But again priorities are de-lever first, invest in the business, and then return capital through buybacks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Drew Borst with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Drew Borst: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. I want to ask about the costs in particular the cost of revenues which in the fourth quarter took a noticeable step down relative to what you had been doing in the prior couple of quarters. So I guess as we look into 2019, should we think about what we saw in the fourth quarter as kind of the run rate for 2019?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thank you. So well I mean the step down in Q4 actually has two components. Number one, as JB laid out earlier, we've really taken a new strategic look at the programming grid literally across the entire global footprint. And we've made more use of the SNI content replacing acquisition content so that obviously has a pretty significant impact on our cost of revenues. In the fourth quarter, there was another U.S. component that was supported on a year-over-year basis because in the prior year fourth quarter Scripps had taken some significant write-downs on content. So that has been helping us on a year-over-year basis as well. So it's probably a little more pronounced but as we've said before this content synergy is one of the key elements of the merger thesis. We will continue to see improvements over the year. Keep in mind that the full first quarter is essentially excluding any synergy impact in 2018. So we'll see a step up in 2019 and we'll continue to be very, very focused on costs as I said. And as a consequence of that, we will see further margin expansion in 2019.
Drew Borst: Okay. Thank you for that. And if I could one more on the digital investments that you mentioned, I just want to make sure I understand it. I think you mentioned $200 million to $300 million for 2019; is that an incremental step-up beyond what you had been doing in 2018 or is that kind of an absolute number. So I think the last time you gave us an update you guys talked about sort of spending about $50 million per quarter, so call $400 million per annum maybe you could just describe that in a little more detail?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Yes. So the $50 million per quarter indeed has been the run rate at which we have been investing since we closed the transaction and so that would add up to $200 million a year, I guided to $200 million to $300 million because again keep in mind there is some -- there will be some flexibility. This is not one fixed number. This is not a business where we put together a plan in the fall for the next year and then this is exactly what we're executing. We're -- we've got a lot of very, very promising initiatives on the table. We've seen some first successes and we need to have the flexibility to double down on anything that's really getting traction. And on the other hand, we will not make certain investments. If we -- if the first feedback from the market doesn't look like we're on to something. That's why it's a bit of a broader range but the way to look at this is as previously that $50 million run rate now is a full-year range of $200 million to $300 million in incremental P&L investments.
Drew Borst: Okay, thanks. And just real quickly restructuring charges I assume are we done now like in 2019, we won't see any more restructuring charges related to the deal?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: We're mostly done. As you can see, we are expecting to pay out some of the 2018 accruals in 2019. That's why we still have about $150 million cash out in the numbers that I just discussed. And we probably will see round about $50 million of additional P&L charges. But I would expect that that's it though.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Todd Juenger with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Todd Juenger: Hi, thanks. I appreciate it. It's a bit somewhat mundane today, if you don't mind but I hope I can ask. So Gunnar just I was hoping on the -- thank you for the 2019 guidance on the affiliate fees consistent with what we've heard before. Just wondering if you could help us understand, if there's any licensing components in there, as spot licensing sort of what an underlying organic rate for pure affiliate fees versus other stuff. And the other question for either you Gunnar or David, just thinking about the portfolio of networks in the States and your comments about the fully distributed networks and their distribution stability and then some of the digital tier networks losing distribution faster. What are --as you think about -- is that -- what is the right number of networks for you guys at some point does it make some sense to think -- to rethink some of the digital networks and either reexpress them somehow in a different way than a linear full network. What is the trade-off there, what's the incremental margin from those? Any thoughts on that would be great. Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: So indeed the guidance that we're giving for Q4 for affiliate revenues both for Q1 and for the full-year is very clean number if you wanted to call it that. As a matter of fact, Q1 is actually slightly tougher comp versus last year regarding some Ava components that were in there last year. But it's a very clean numbers driven by our pricing step-ups in new and existing deals and the additional carriage on virtual MVPDs and the expected growth on those platforms.
David Zaslav: On the channels, we've said before that about 85% of our fees goes against our top six or eight channels. We have focused on the idea that if we grow our core eight that we really have an opportunity. We've been very successful now in getting our channels carried on the smaller bundles which exist everywhere in the world and not here. And we're hoping that this year as those grow, we think we'll benefit more than anybody else from those. We also have Chip and Joanna who we are hard at work and have been down to Waco. We think that is a very unique opportunity to enhance the channel and grow a channel. We --no other media company in the last couple of years has been able to go on offense and grow as many channels in fact most media companies haven't launched any new channels and we have ID that didn't exist. The number one cable channel for women in total day, we have the Oprah Winfrey Network number one for African/American women. We launched Velocity and we now have an opportunity with Chip and Jo to take a network that is doing okay and take it to the next level. But to your point, we also have a real vision for that in terms of going direct-to-consumer. And when you think about this idea of watch and do, there's probably no better example of watch and do than Chip and Jo. They created a great show called Fixer Upper and then they created a whole multibillion dollar business called Magnolia based on the quality of their ability to design and build product. And so there was an example where they built an entire ecosystem and we're reconnecting with them and excited about what we can do together. They're in Magnolia on their own. But we think there's a lot that we could do together to build our channel. So net-net, I think over time you'll see some fewer channels but we think we have at least one or two more that we could build strong here in the U.S. with big characters and big personalities that people love and want to spend time with. And that's what we're about. That's why we did the Tiger deal, that's why we did PGA. That's why we're in cycling, that's why we were with Oprah and Chip and Jo. In the end, we have great brands but we have great characters that people love. And that's what this business is about spending time with people that you love and finding out what their stories are and what their challenges are and the things that they love.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. One for Gunnar, one for David. Gunnar, you talked about the underlying trends in subscribers that are holding to what it was in 2018. Obviously, there's been a lot of movements in the virtual MVPD space. You guys are one of the few companies on AT&T Watch. Can you sort of talk about how you sort of think the virtual MVPD contribution as part of that would broadly be in 2019 given your position. And for you, David, obviously you've talked about the passion of your verticals in Food and Home and new ecosystem and you gave a full bunch of numbers about the TAM, you have also talked about in the past the strategic partnerships possibly with the Samsung and Amazon. Can you just sort of give us some insight on if those do happen, what is the monetization model there?
David Zaslav: Great. Let me just start with this whole idea of 5G is a part of the whole narrative of who's going to own the home. And the -- within the home, the place that people spend the most time is the kitchen. And as I've said, the question that everybody -- everybody in the world asks every day is what's for dinner, what's for breakfast? And the challenge of who's going to own the kitchen. I think we have a real opportunity. We have the greatest chefs, we're the leader in recipes, we're the leader in short form, we're the leader in brand and credibility, we're the leader in content. And so we're very active in aggressively pushing that ourselves and having discussions with everybody that's in the kitchen about how do we own the kitchen whether it's distributors with 5G or whether it's players that want to meet with voice activation in the kitchen or with screens in the kitchen. And so we're actively driving that in addition we think that do-it-yourself and home design is another area where we have a lot of experts, a lot of content, and a lot to offer. And so we're pushing that hard and that's not in our current plan but we do think there's a real opportunity there because we have something that is real functional and something that could provide real value to customers aside from just watching entertaining content.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And on your distribution question, I don't want to break out individual contributions of individual deals but as we've said before that mid-single-digit guidance for the U.S. affiliate growth is a combination obviously of the inclusion Hulu and Sling and then price increases on our traditional deals. And I mean in terms of the mix in the market, we've always been a firm believer in the value of our content and I think our ability to hold those deals last year underpin that quality. And we've also been a firm believer in value of smaller bundles in the market. And I think we're seeing some confirmation there as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Nathanson with Nathanson. Your line is open.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I just have one simple one for you guys, on International M&A with David and JB, for a couple of years back, we've seen cable networks start buying broadcast assets abroad. You did at SBS; Viacom did it Telefe Channel 5. I wonder going forward do you think that's still a winning strategy to go into local markets buy broadcast assets and do you see any -- with your financials, any benefit of basically being both a broadcaster and a cable network based on your ability to drive returns higher growth or anything. So I love to hear about that.
David Zaslav: I would say directionally, we're much more focused on owning IP. We have a lot of free-to-air channels, we have cable channels. We're really focused on taking that IP to other platforms and maximizing the efficiency and free cash flow of our existing platforms. We look at everything but it wouldn't be the first place we go. And the overall idea of owning -- of owning broadcast assets really would make more sense in a market like Poland where it's protected because it's a unique language, they have a very strong portfolio and this strong GDP growth. But in general not at the top of the list of what Bruce Campbell, JB, and I are looking at right now.
JB Perrette: And ultimately markets that have other ancillary as we talk about in terms of Poland, their market position and strength and ability to pivot to digital and ability to provide us other benefits in terms of lower cost of production and back office services as well. There are other benefits to it than purely the broadcast assets. So that asset actually is fairly unique. And we're seeing even in the Nordics, as you mentioned, as we're finally getting more traction and pushing more aggressively into the OTT space, a stronger growth on the OTT, so pivoting those businesses to be much more OTT and direct-to-consumer driven, leveraging the local content and IP as David said that they have in their portfolio is really the focus for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Cahall with Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall: Yes, thanks. Maybe first, Gunnar, I was hoping I could at least try to pin you down a little bit on adjusted OIBDA growth for 2019. Just some of the trends that we've been seeing is a big pickup in U.S. OIBDA growth driven by I think the cost synergy. And then you've got a pretty easy comp in International in Q1 just because of the Olympics headwind that you had in 2018. So can you just help us maybe put in context should we see an acceleration in adjusted OIBDA growth in 2019 versus 2018 or anything there would be helpful. And then maybe to just pick up a little bit on Vijay's question you basically said your distribution guidance now accounts for not a lot of change in the subscriber trends that we've seen. Q4 was maybe a little bit out of trend in terms of both linear and vMVPD. So if we see a little more of Q4, is that kind of baked into your guidance. Do you have some buffer there? How should we just think about what we're seeing on the sub decline and what's baked into that guidance? Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: All right. Well, so I mean let me start with your OIBDA question. And I'm not going to give a specific guidance but a couple of building blocks, you are 100% right that Q1 is obviously going to be an easy comp because we have that special impact of the Olympics which for the quarter had a negative -- profit impact last year. We also look at the last quarter before closing the transaction, so there's literally zero synergy impact in the Q1 2018 number. So we should be seeing a nice step-up. And for the full-year, let me reiterate what I said before. I do plan for an margin expansion on top of the margin expansion that we have seen in 2018. So that's number one. On an underlying basis clearly there is going to be significant AOIBDA growth but then, as I said before, we will continue to make P&L investments. And let me just clarify that based on what we have in the plan for 2019 that would add up with the investment that we've made last year to about $300 million maybe $400 million negative impact from those direct-to-consumer investments. Again keep in mind we're building out a portfolio for -- to drive our future growth. And as I said before after that -- after that investment I am targeting margin expansion for the full-year and clearly AOIBDA growth to some extent that's going to obviously depend on the timing of the magnitude of the investments we're making. On your sub number question. You're right; Q4 is obviously a very healthy step-up because for the first time we're looking at the additional subscribers from Hulu and Sling. Again, I mean, the -- I don't want to give any specific guidance what we have baked into the financial guidance of mid-single-digits for 2019 is assuming stable underlying trends as we see them today with no acceleration or deceleration.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning, David. I think you closed the Scripps deal a few months before last year's upfront. I'm just curious now that you've had the acquisition done for a bit. How are you thinking, if at all about changing how you approach this year's upfront. Obviously a huge audience share particularly with female viewers. Any changes we should expect in terms of how do you go to -- how you go to market and package inventory, how Discovery GO might factor in any details there would be interesting. And then for Gunnar, I apologize, I know you've talked about it a couple of times but maybe I'm the only one who's confused. Could you just go back to the 2018 digital spend and then the 2019 just so we clearly understand what is incremental versus the total, has there's been a bunch of numbers thrown around that are different. Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. We had a good upfront and we had a good calendar. We've said that we think this quarter will look a lot like four. And candidly, I'm on my way down to Florida now. I think that we probably left some points on the table for this quarter and we could do better. I'm not satisfied at all. We spent a lot of the last two weeks looking at our efficiency rate, looking at our sell-out rate how we sell and GO. The reason I say that is TLC was the number one network in America for women in January, number one. And we have ID very strong, we have Food strong, HD strong, and Discovery improved and GO was accelerating. And so I think that our creative team is doing a good job. And I think we have a very strong ad sales team but we've got to get more focused, the way that we drilled down and had real work streams on cost. We now have developed co-work streams on our revenue on sales and I -- I'm not satisfied at all. I think we should have had -- we should have a bigger number this quarter. We're going to continue to drive to it but if we do our job right, I think you're going to see better numbers in the quarters ahead.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Okay. Let me clarify the digital investments commentary. So as we've said previously, we have been investing on a run rate of about $50 million in the quarter since closing the transaction that is against our 2017 baseline. We're going to slightly accelerate that pace and I'm targeting $200 million to $300 million additional investments in 2019 and as obviously some of those investments started to pay off, the total dollar amount in absolute terms in our 2019 profits and cash flow will be between $300 million and $400 million total impact from investments on the digital side.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrew T. Slabin - Discovery, Inc. David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc. Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.
Analysts: Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jessica Reif Ehrlich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Discovery Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Andrew Slabin, Vice President (sic) [Executive Vice President] (0:25) of Global Investor Strategy. You may begin.
Andrew T. Slabin - Discovery, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery's third quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but, if not, feel free to access it on our website at ir.corporate.Discovery.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar and then we will open up the call for your questions. Please try to keep to one question, so we can accommodate as many as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2017, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. Our business is strong and we feel just great about what we have accomplished since we closed the Scripps merger. And we're proud of the results we have delivered this quarter. We really like our hand and our strategy. Discovery is a true global IP company, with real differentiation from the rest of the industry, and powerful operating momentum around the world. We remain optimistic about the road ahead, as we drive forward with our plan to transform our global business. It was eight months ago that we closed on Scripps, and it has exceeded our expectations on every front. We are delivering strong cost synergies, enhancing our global suite of content and IP and accelerating the process of broadening and refining our product offerings. In doing so, we continue to maximize value from the linear ecosystem, while continuing to attack opportunities to drive our IP across the global direct-to-consumer landscape. Discovery is making strong headway on all these strategic areas, much of which is reflected in our operating results this quarter, which Gunnar will review in more detail shortly. Let me highlight a few operating metrics, where we are very proud of the company's achievement and progress this quarter. First, our strong 5% domestic advertising growth, marked by accelerating performance at both the legacy Discovery and Scripps Networks on the back of improved ratings, healthy overall pricing, nice growth on our TV Everywhere apps and strong execution by the sales and network teams. Secondly, our heightened focus on improving operating efficiency, fueled by our transformation efforts, drove impressive total company margin improvement of 500 basis points to 40%. This contributed to substantial free cash flow generation at over $900 million this quarter and facilitated us reducing our net debt by just about $1 billion this quarter and helped us reduce our net leverage significantly faster than originally projected at close. Additionally, I'd like to focus this morning on a few key areas in which we are establishing differentiated growth performance relative to our peers and where we are gaining further traction from our strategic pivot. At Discovery's domestic networks, we are outperforming the marketplace and are currently bucking some of the trends we are seeing across the industry. Our ratings momentum has been an outlier in an industry where both cable and broadcast performance has been increasingly soft. For the third quarter, ratings and delivery across our core networks were up 1% in L3, (4:55) well outperforming both the cable and broadcast markets. Discovery is the number two TV company in America, including both broadcast and cable, with NBCUniversal being the only company in the U.S. that reaches more people and is larger. Within the pay-TV universe, we deliver a near-20% share of viewership among all viewers and nearly a quarter share among women. That strong position in delivery provides a distinct advantage and an opportunity on the sales and marketing side to promote our content across a much larger audience base. This past quarter, we had three of the top five pay-TV channels for women in both prime time and total day and achieved a 23% share of the female audience. On any given night, we are getting between a 3 and a 4 rating in women 25 to 54 across the portfolio, and typically exceeding a 4 rating on Sunday night. And across the pay-TV universe alone, we are achieving between a 5.4 and a 7.2 rating in women 25 to 54 across the portfolio. Putting some context around this, premium IP in the U.S. today is incredibly scarce, with perhaps the NFL as the very top of the pyramid with respect to aggregating both male and female demos in large scale. And advertisers pay a significant premium for this IP. So, if you're an advertiser buying the NFL to reach women, you could reach the same number by buying one spot, a roadblock, across our top women's networks, HGTV, Food, TLC, ID and OWN. It's like a women's super-pack. And I believe we can intercept some of those huge CPM, NFL or broadcast dollars, which would be a big win for advertisers, because it would be at a much lower CPM, a big increase for us and a huge reach. And it's something that nobody else can do because we have this ability now to aggregate so many compelling and strong female networks. It's one of the wow reveals of Discovery and Scripps coming together. One of the key methods by which we have continued to strengthen our ratings portfolio is by cross-promoting across our brands, having invested in data science and advanced analytics to improve our marketing efficiency. With the inclusion of the Scripps brands, we have increased our marketing reach by over 50%. And through effective use of day and date data-driven audience targeting, we are increasing sampling across our viewer base. And we're able to target and drive audiences to more of our own content. And we also are now layering in the targeted platform of our 18 GO TV Everywhere apps, one for each one of our channels, in which we can take the pulse of what people are watching in real-time, increasing our valuable first-party data. We are just beginning to refine our capabilities in this area and what we ultimately may be able to achieve across this truly differentiated platform. Internationally, we continue to see some very strong traction from our content sharing and monetization strategy, where we now have identified nearly 3,300 total hours from 50 unique shows and 150 individual seasons of Scripps content to use across the Discovery platform. And we will continue to refine how to best optimize this treasure trove of content across every global region and platform and across linear, digital and OTT. Turning to our distribution strategy, we've made substantial progress in reaching consumers across critical over-the-top platforms in the U.S. We look forward to having our networks launch on Sling later this year. And we are excited about our new carriage deal with Hulu, where we just announced last week that in addition to the eight Discovery networks on Hulu's Live TV, we will have nine additional brands available to subscribers later this year, bringing our total to 17, inclusive of all tiers. Having also recently launched on AT&T Watch with a robust eight of its 30-plus total channels, Discovery is as well-positioned across the OTT ecosystem as any programmer or media company. The message here is clear and no mystery. We pride ourselves on being great economic and strategic partners to our distributors. All of our deals provide fair value and incremental financial value to Discovery and nicely align our economic interests to the future growth of subscribers to these platforms. As we look at the deployment of skinny bundles around the world, it does take a little while to figure out the right pricing and the right marketing, but in almost every country, skinny bundles have grown and have been a big growth driver. We expect the same here in the U.S., that, over the next few years, the skinny bundles will provide real value. And our positioning will provide extra value to us, as we are on, in a very compelling way, almost every one of those platforms. We remain steadfast in our goal to reach viewers across every key distribution platform and bundle offering in the ecosystem, both in the U.S. and around the (10:53) world. We also continue to attack our direct-to-consumer opportunities across an expanding number of initiatives and a broader global canvas. With the recent onboarding of Peter Faricy from Amazon, who ran Marketplace, we gain an experienced leader whose background in building platforms, tech stacks and direct-to-consumer products and unique insights into how to acquire, cultivate and nurture relationships with users, gives us confidence that we are building the right type of team with the right skill set to drive this critical priority going forward. Our strategy here is differentiated from most other media companies. At our core is a great collection of fully controlled, quality and trusted programming, ranging from immersive storytelling to functional lifestyle content to long-tail and headline sports, the Olympics in Europe, golf in every country in the world outside the U.S. And behind this desirable portfolio, we are leaning heavily into OTT with some of our most passionate superfan brands and verticals such as: Motor Trend, where our subscriber base has more than doubled since we merged one year ago and where we own a rich ecosystem of online and offline event entertainment and content for auto fans; Eurosport, which is finding real success in its more focused seasons pass model; Dplay, our direct-to-consumer product in Europe, which is gaining traction as an SVOD service in Scandinavian countries with original commissions; our GO TV Everywhere apps, we now have one for every one of our channels, where we are augmenting and differentiating our linear bundle offering, establishing a great foothold in targeting a younger demo of viewers and it's beginning to really work; our Golf TV product with the PGA Tour, where we will go live with a global offering early in 2019, with a broader phasing in over the next few years until we are fully global outside the U.S. We are more enthusiastic than ever about our partnership with the PGA Tour and the value of this superfan must-have content and the opportunity to build the global home for golf across all platforms with our Golf TV streaming service. We're excited to announce today our first Golf TV broadcast partner, J:COM, which will allow golf fans in Japan to enjoy extensive live action on J:COM's existing Golf Network linear channel. This is a real win for the passionate and growing community of golf fans in Japan, promising to deliver even more of golf's biggest moments all year round, available however fans want to watch. We have ambitious plans to work together to develop a broader digital ecosystem, leveraging Golf TV's invigorated comprehensive content offering and J:COM's Golf Network Plus App. Like the competitive bidding environment that took place with Sky, we watch industry M&A closely and how it reinforces our evolving global strategy. And we have made a lot of progress through our transformation to continue to reinforce that strategic position. Looking ahead from here, we see a stronger, more powerful and more differentiated Discovery and one that is continually adapting to the changing needs and affinities of our global fans. And while many in media continue to chase the scripted ball, Discovery is leaning into real-life entertainment on all screens and services. We have global scale, strong free cash flow and now even greater depth in content and brands to launch more superfan services on more platforms. And we are appropriately investing against this opportunity set in people, resources and technology around the world to facilitate this strategic pivot. We look forward to providing you with additional progress reports as we move forward. To discuss the financial impact of all of this and our third quarter results, I'd like to turn it over to Gunnar.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Thanks, David, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As David noted, I am extremely pleased to present a very strong set of financials for the third quarter. We have met or exceeded all of our third quarter guidance metrics. Let me point out four highlights before we delve into the details. First, 18% constant currency pro forma adjusted OIBDA growth, which, second, is the result of a substantial 500 basis points of margin improvement as we continue to benefit from the integration and transformation of our newly-combined company. Third, free cash flow of more than $900 million in the third quarter underpins the great ability of the new Discovery to generate cash. Fourth, we are seeing real traction in our U.S. Network portfolio, as evidenced by 5% domestic ad revenue growth. Indeed, as I've stated before, the further we proceed in executing our strategic plan, the better we feel about the opportunities ahead of us. Before I move on, be reminded that my commentary today will again focus on our pro forma results, which include the operations of Scripps as well as OWN and Motor Trend as if all have been owned since the beginning of 2017, and will be in constant currency terms for the international and total company commentary, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to our earnings release filed earlier this morning for all of the detailed cuts of our third quarter results. Starting with total company, third quarter total company revenues grew 2%, driven by 4% domestic growth and 2% international growth and partly offset by a 91% revenue decline for Education and Other due to the April sale of our Education division. Adjusted OIBDA grew at a rate of 18%, well above revenue growth, as total company costs were again down year-over-year. We achieved a healthy 6% reduction in costs, despite an increase in digital investments, as we continue to realize significant synergies from transforming the new Discovery with 13% adjusted OIBDA growth in the U.S. and 27% adjusted OIBDA growth in International. Now, let's look at each operating unit, starting with the U.S. segment. Third quarter U.S. total revenues were up 4%, with 5% advertising growth and flat affiliate revenues. This was an outstanding quarter for our U.S. ad sales. The better than expected 5% growth was due to a combination of solid ratings, strong pricing, strong demand driving additional inventory, and continued monetization and integration of our GO platform and digital offerings. Again, as David noted, we are benefiting from overlaying smart cross-promotional activity against an increasingly large footprint, which, on certain evenings, is delivering a near 30% share of women watching television. Our flat distribution growth was primarily due to increases in affiliate rates, partly offset by declines in subscribers, and much lower revenues from SVOD against the sale of the bulk of Manhunt to Netflix in the third quarter of last year. Delving further into the drivers of U.S. affiliate and looking at pro forma sub trends, subscribers for our combined portfolio were again down 5%, due to continued high-single to low-double-digit losses at our smaller networks, primarily due to the continued core shaving. But more importantly, subscriber declines for our combined fully distributed networks improved to down 2%, an improvement versus the down 3% in prior quarters, primarily due to virtual MVPD subscriber growth. Pro forma third quarter U.S. adjusted OIBDA increased 13%, as cost of revenues and SG&A were both down mid-single digits as we really start to reap the benefits of the transformation, leading to 54% domestic margins or 500 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. We are very pleased with this result in our second full quarter after closing the Scripps transaction. Turning now to the International segment, pro forma third quarter total International revenues were up 2%, driven by 2% advertising growth and 3% distribution growth. The 2% ad growth was driven by higher revenues overall in Europe, by far the largest ad region, primarily due to the strength at TVN in Poland, partly offset by weakness in the UK and Italy due to weaker channel performance, and declines in Norway and Denmark due primarily to continued declines in PUD levels. (19:51) In addition, we saw modest declines in both Latin America, due to overall market softness, and in Asia, due to weaker pricing. Affiliate growth of 3% was driven by growth in Europe and Latin America. In Europe, we had another quarter of solid growth, driven again by high ad digital revenues from the Eurosport Player. In Latin America, we also saw healthy growth, primarily due to higher pricing across most regions. Growth in Europe and Latin America was again offset by declines in Asia, where the trend seen in previous quarters continues. As we had noted, affiliate growth would have been in the mid-single-digit range before the impact of the new ProSieben joint venture. Turning to the cost side, pro forma operating costs were down 5% in the third quarter, as cost of revenue were down 7% and SG&A was flat despite continued P&L investments in our digital businesses. As a result, adjusted OIBDA growth was up significantly at 27%, with margins expanding 600 basis points to 28%, as we benefited from a combination of solid underlying growth due to strong cost management, accelerating transformation savings and a reduction in marketing and production costs related to the Bundesliga in Germany, which are now incurred by our new ProSieben JV, partially offset by P&L investments back into digital and mobile growth areas, which is the only reason why SG&A did not decline for the DNI segment. If we exclude the ramp-up in those digital businesses internationally, overall SG&A was down 3%. Having reviewed the highlights of our third quarter results, let me now provide some color on certain forward-looking trends. As usual, I will specifically outline our fourth quarter top-line expectations for each major operating segment. Again, international commentary will focus on pro forma constant-currency growth. First, U.S. advertising; as I noted, Q3 was an outstanding quarter for us. For the fourth quarter, we expect continued strong pricing, continued monetization of digital as we expect further success of our GO apps, slightly offset by lower ratings in the third quarter partially due to the impact of news quarter-to-date leading up to Tuesday's midterm elections, and less tailwind from inventory sold than in previous quarters. All-in, we target 3% to 5% U.S. ad growth, with ratings trends being the primary determinant of where in that range we will be. Second, U.S. affiliate, we still expect fourth quarter growth to be around flat, which, as previously discussed, is largely due to a tough comp on the Scripps side due to their distribution agreement true-up in the fourth quarter of 2017, during which legacy Scripps domestic distribution revenue increased more than 10%. Looking towards next year, we remain confident in our ability to see a significant step-up in our affiliate growth rate in 2019, with growth expected to be comfortably in the mid-single-digit range for the full-year, assuming no major change in current sub trends based on four important factors: number one, our DISH deal, which includes certain nets launching on Sling that will become effective later this year; number two, our recent announcement that we will have networks carried on Hulu Live; and number three, pricing step-ups in our existing deals; number four, clearly, general subscriber trends in the market will be an important driver for our distribution revenue growth, we are assuming no major structural trend change in our 2019 guidance. Before moving on, I would like to give some color around our expanded Hulu partnership. While I cannot comment on specific deal terms, there are some key high-level points that are important. This is a mutually-beneficial deal, where both sides will see incremental value. And I am extremely pleased with the solid economics we received. As I said before, this is one of the main drivers of our expected growth acceleration in 2019. There are many elements of the deal, including additional SVOD hours and an increase in our channels carried to a total of eight Discovery networks in the base package on Hulu with Live TV. We are also pleased that additional networks will be available on the new Hulu with Live TV tier packages later this year. The deal has strong carriage projections, as do all of our deals for our top networks. And, overall, we will see incremental economics next year and remain excited about our ability to drive greater returns from this distribution partnership as Hulu adds additional subs. And now on to International advertising, fourth quarter International advertising is expected to be around flat. Overall, we expect low-single-digit increases in Europe to be offset by slight declines in Latin America and Asia again. Finally, International affiliate, fourth quarter International affiliate is expected to be around flat as we continue to feel the impact from the new ProSieben joint venture, (24:18) which reduces certain revenues and associated costs in Germany, as well, face a tough comp versus the China Mobile deal in the fourth quarter of 2017. And now, I would like to share a quick update on our integration of Scripps. As noted, given our progress to-date, we're extremely confident in our plan to deliver cost synergies of at least $600 million by March of 2020, or two years post-close. And we are starting to really reap these benefits, as evidenced by our mid-single-digit declines in operating costs, both domestically and internationally, this quarter. As we noted last quarter, we continue to make investments in next-generation platforms and new businesses as we pivot our strategy. At the same time, we were able to expand our total company adjusted OIBDA margins by 500 basis points year-over-year, as our transformation is more than absorbing these investments and overall underlying cost inflation. These investments netted approximately $25 million for the quarter, with a reduction of Bundesliga-related costs partially offsetting additional P&L investments across the digital portfolio. However, going forward, over the near term as we ramp up existing and new digital initiatives like Golf TV, we expect to invest around $50 million per quarter in these types of activities. Now, let's look at cost to achieve. In the third quarter, we booked another $224 million of restructuring and other costs, mostly non-cash, bringing our total to $652 million year-to-date. This quarter's charges included an additional reserve for severance and additional content impairments following a full strategic review in both our domestic and international businesses to determine content from each legacy company that will no longer be used going forward, reflective of our content integration strategy. We expect an additional $20 million to $50 million of restructuring and other costs in the fourth quarter for a total of around $675 million to $700 million for the full-year, above our prior estimate of $600 million. Cash costs to achieve will be around $350 million to $450 million, above our prior expectation of $300 million to $400 million. As David mentioned, we remain equally excited by the revenue opportunities and enhanced growth prospects we are just beginning to realize from the combination, and we are extremely pleased with our initial progress. Let me now turn to our outlook for the full year 2018. With stronger-than-expected U.S. ad revenues and with our continued laser focus on controlling costs as our transformation and synergy generation progress faster than planned, I am pleased to raise our full year adjusted OIBDA guidance. We now expect pro forma constant currency adjusted OIBDA growth to be at least 7% versus 2017's pro forma adjusted OIBDA of $4.051 billion, which is above our prior guidance of mid-single digit growth. Please keep in mind that our full year reported adjusted OIBDA will be roughly $250 million lower than pro forma since we are only including Scripps in our reported numbers from March 6 on. Turning to free cash flow, despite the potentially higher cash costs to achieve we continue to target our full year reported free cash flow to be around $2.3 billion. The final result will, of course, depend on currency trends, the timing of the payout of restructuring costs and working capital movements. I remain very pleased with the ability of our company to generate significant free cash flow, as the third quarter performance shows. On taxes, we still expect our full year book tax rate to be in the high-20% range, while our cash tax rate, excluding PPA, is expected to be at or below 20%, with full-year total intangible asset amortization still expected to be around $1.2 billion. We will continue to prioritize the reduction of our leverage. And given our higher adjusted OIBDA expectations, we now expect to delever more rapidly than previously expected. My latest estimate is that net leverage will be around 3.8 to 3.9 times adjusted OIBDA at the end of the year. Before I close, let me quantify the expected foreign exchange impact on our 2018 results. Given the recent strengthening of the dollar, while FX is still a tailwind, the impact on year-over-year results has come down a bit. At current spot rates, FX is now expected to positively impact revenues and adjusted OIBDA by approximately $70 million and $10 million, respectively, versus our 2017 reported results. In closing, we could not be more pleased with our exceptional progress and the strong outlook for the new Discovery. Thank you again for your time this morning. And now, David and I will be happy to answer questions you may have.
Operator: And our first question is from Steven Cahall from RBC. Your line is now open.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Maybe first just on the subscriber trends, I think for your fully distributed network, you saw a 1% improvement in the quarter. Could you just maybe deconstruct that a little bit for us, as to whether that came from traditional or nontraditional and what that number might look like if we start to think about it pro forma for the DISH Sling add and the Hulu add. And then, Gunnar, maybe just a follow-up on free cash flow, as you increase your cost to achieve in 2018, do you expect there to be a bigger run rate benefit to free cash flow in 2019? Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Okay. Good morning, Steven. Yeah, so on the sub trend first, the most important change driver was additional virtual MVPD subs that have helped. And it's important to keep in mind that that obviously is going to be even more of a tailwind for us towards the end of the year and next year as we increase our carriage and the number of networks on Sling and Hulu. On the free cash flow side, yes, that's right. So, we have paid out and we're planning to payout a bit more than originally anticipated in terms of cash costs to achieve. So, if you assume, let's say, take the midpoint of $400 million number for cash costs to achieve, then that number, obviously, goes away in 2019 or at least largely goes away to a very small remaining stuff that might be left, so it should be a significant step-up next year.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: On the moving from [down] 3% to [down] 2%, I see that as quite encouraging and we're just getting started. If you look outside the U.S., subscribers are still growing 2% to 3% and here we've had this decline. I've talked about it before. It really is about these over-stuffed $100, $80, you have to carry every broadcast network, every sports network. And there's really been a rejection of this overprice. And it creates an ecosystem that has much more challenges than we should as an industry because we're walking away from many people that would love to have multichannel for a lower price. The thing that's quite interesting in terms of how this gestates is they have to figure out the distributors and they're quite smart. What channels do they carry in these baskets and then how do they price them and then how do they market them. And so, the thing that I think is very encouraging is you have AT&T aggressive. You have Charlie [Ergen] with DISH aggressive; Hulu and Randy [Freer] being very effective; Sony. You just have more and more – Philo – players in this space. And we're starting to quantify how they're doing with each other. And you're starting to see that some are holding back with marketing until they figure out what are the right channels. Some are figuring out who do they market it to, but in almost every market in the world, these skinny bundles have been a really big accelerator of growth with a young generation. And in times when GDP is flat or wages are declining, there's movement to these tiers. And that's one of the things that's held it up for years is that the big distributors don't want someone who's paying $110 to revert down to a $40 or $45 package. But in the long run, every other country effectively, almost every country, has just kind of taken the gulp and moved toward that, and that's what's resulted in the 2% to 3% growth around the world. And we're on the precipice of that now. And as you look at each of these skinny bundles, we do extremely well in terms of not just having our channels carried, but if you do the calculation of the percentage of viewership that we're getting when we have 200 channels and we're getting 25% or 30% of women and people, and then how do we do when we have our top channels carried against 30? It's quite significant. And it will provide I think a lot of upside, and we think we could be the big winners here. So we want to figure out, how do we help these distributors market this? We love the Hulu deal. We're very excited about what Randall [Stephenson] is doing with AT&T Watch and DIRECTV NOW and what's going on in general in this space. And I think over the next year to two years, you're going to see an aggressive push into this space because the distributors are going to get, our currency is going to be how well are you doing, and this will be a big ticket. So we're excited about it.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Drew Borst from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. David, maybe following up on that last question just a little bit, we've seen the numbers from DIRECTV NOW and Sling, and I think one of the things is there's a pretty material deceleration in the net adds for both of those services. So I was wondering if you guys could add some context, given I understand you have some unique drivers because you're getting picked up by Hulu and Sling, but in terms of this skinny bundle class, these virtuals, I think some investors are concerned that they're slowing pretty quickly and the momentum's being lost. Maybe you could just elaborate a little bit on that.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Well, look, I think we really haven't seen that. And more importantly, as we talk to the distributors, they're talking to us about how do they market this? I think you see an awkwardness in that some of these packages still are carrying too much stuff, and so they're actually losing money when they sell a package for $40 or for $45 or for $35. And it's because they're forced to carry some stuff that they don't want to. And so I think what you're going to see is, one, there will be a drive toward accelerating the growth, even if they maybe aren't making as much money and look for long-term asset value and building the relationship with customers. But two, I think you're going to see some of the channels that are carried on these bundles taken off because when you look at how a lot of those channels are performing and you look at the stuff that was forced in, they're not necessary from a consumer perspective. And so I think we're in this moment where they're not really getting behind them. Do we want to market these right now? Do we want to take off a couple of channels before we do so we have some more margin, or who exactly do we want to go after? DIRECTV NOW for a period of time was doing very well, and I think you've got to look at how they're being marketed. But in the long run, consumers want these. And the industry has already put the stick in the ground and has said, yes, we're going to get behind it. And I think one of the things that's going to be helpful is you guys every quarter taking a look at who's getting what. So I'd say it's too soon to say that it's slowing. I think that we'll probably see in 2019, I believe there will be a very significant acceleration because there's a big demand and there will be some share shift. Who has the better package? Who's cheaper? And in many countries, you see some of these skinny bundles, where it's okay to lose money because you pick up a broadband subscriber and then you have an opportunity over time to offer that consumer more. So all of it works to our benefit. It all works to our benefit. We're in a much different position than we were. And so we're just happy that our content is not that expensive and that we're on these packages.
Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. That's very helpful. And then just one follow-up maybe for Gunnar, with the restructuring charges are coming in a little bit higher this year than you first expected, I was wondering if you might be able to provide a little bit of an update on the cost synergy side. Are those also pacing ahead? I don't know if you have sort of a new update on that number. Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Yeah, Drew. So we're certainly ahead of plan. Things are moving in the right direction faster than originally planned. Just one thing to keep in mind on the restructuring charges, if you look at the type of charges, there are some content impairment numbers in there, which, obviously, are very difficult to anticipate or estimate upfront. And so, what we've done is the teams have taken a look at the entire content portfolio and realigned programming strategies for the networks and identified stuff that we won't be using anymore going forward that we won't be acquiring anymore, because we have so much more content now, so that explains most of the slightly higher number. And then, on the cash side, in terms of the timing, we're just a bit ahead of plan. But all-in-all, I feel very good about the synergy number. I don't want to raise the number right now. We've said before that we look at the $600 million-plus as after reinvestment. And as I said a bit earlier, we continue to invest in our digital portfolio, so we feel very good about it. We're ahead of plan, and we'll see that margin momentum continue.
Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jessica Reif Cohen (sic) [Ehrlich] (38:47) from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. There was a name change, but that's okay. David, on the streaming Golf channel, can you talk a little bit, give us a little more color on what the incremental costs are to create this direct-to-consumer platform? You said you'll launch, I think you said, over a number of years so just color on that. And is there any ripple effect on other parts of your business? Is there any other benefit that you would see?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Sure. Thanks, Jessica, and congratulations on the wedding and...
Jessica Reif Ehrlich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you so much.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: I know it's Ehrlich now. And he's a good man.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Okay. Look, I think that Golf TV reflects this idea of who we are and a little bit of a misunderstanding of who we are. We're not just a linear TV company. And when we came together with Scripps, there was this narrative, oh, it's two companies that are just linear television. We bought Scripps because the IP that they own around food, home, travel, cooking, they own that content globally, everywhere in the world and we look at food and we say everybody wakes up every day and at some point they say what's for breakfast, what's for lunch and what's for dinner. You can say that about very little IP, and so the opportunity against food, home, all of that IP is the way we see our company and so that's why we got into sports in Europe. And it's one of the reasons why, for all the sports we have in Europe, we own those rights on every platform. We haven't fully monetized it yet, because we're way IP long. On the Olympics, we think we're going to do a lot better job in monetizing it coming up in Tokyo. And in terms of the tennis and the cycling, we'll continue to do a better job. But if you go to Europe now, you don't see it on every mobile player. You don't see deals being cut with some of the big FANG companies. It's because we have all that IP and we're waiting. The exciting thing about Golf TV is we're above the globe. And you look at the companies that are creating huge shareholder value. Cable was the franchise and then you get the whole state, you get a region, but then you compare that to the FANG companies that are above the globe. And with Golf TV, we are above the globe. And so, the ability to be in partnership with Jay Monahan and the PGA Tour and take all of those personalities, more than 50% from around the world, two are the top players from China, and step up above the globe and say here's a golf ecosystem where you could read about golf, buy product and look at all of this tour content live on any device, and us to be in control of the full ecosystem. How much do we put on broadcast? Do we start a golf channel in a particular market? How much do we offer? When do we offer it? And we have a lot of exciting things that we'll be announcing. We'll start on January 1. The way it works is by 2022, we'll have the entire globe. But on January 1, we have Japan, Russia, Italy, Belgium, Canada, Spain, Turkey and more, but there were some existing deals for the PGA that roll off. But when they do roll off, we have the full rights across every platform. So, if you see a mobile player carrying it, if you see a deal with one of the FANG companies, if see a deal with like what we did with J:COM; with J:COM right now, there's tremendous growth with golf. And we were able to structure a deal where very favorable, better than we expected on the PGA Tour content itself. On top of that, we're going to be promoting and cross-promoting each other. In addition to that, we structured our overall deal for all of our channels in Japan. And we come out with a net positive. We're owning this great IP that's highly in demand and we retained all of the rights over-the-top. And so it's great local assets that the PGA Tour brings, and we think we could even enhance that. We are investing in it, and you'll be seeing some announcements over the next couple of weeks with some very exciting stuff because we're serious about this. We look at the demo. There's 3 billion people in China, two of the top players on the Tour are there, and we control all of it. And so we look at Asia as a big growth engine, but we look at this idea of above the globe and then you take a FANG company and they say, I like this. You've got scripted and movies, and you've got 10 of those services. What do you guys have? Oh, we've got golf above the globe. We can do something together with golf everywhere in the world. In the next couple of weeks, you'll be hearing a lot more from us on this, but it reflects who we are. We're a global IP company.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: And, Jessica, maybe to add on the financial impact, as we've said before, it's going to be loss making initially, no question about it. But given the structure that David laid out with seven markets coming online in 2019 and then the staggered roll-out around the globe over the next couple of years, it's going to be a very small number hitting our P&L. And as I said before, we're at a run rate of about $50 million in P&L investments in those digital products on a quarter-by-quarter basis, and that covers these investments as well. So it's very digestible, and you can see we've been investing at that pace now for two quarters. And only two quarters after closing the deal, we're already looking at 500 basis points margin expansion, despite those investments. So I feel very good about our ability to digest that.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: And when you think about the superfan IP company, this whole idea really driven by [John] Malone five years ago, saying, what do we have that people will watch when they could watch anything? And what do we have that people will pay for before they'll pay for dinner? And so whether it's cycling in Europe, whether it's the Olympics, tennis, here golf everywhere in the world, Oprah, food, home, science, natural history, we really like this idea that we are not on the scripted and movie side and we own all this IP. And we can take it up to the FANG companies. We can take it to the regional guys. And we can take it ourselves directly in an aggregate package or individually, like we're doing with golf.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. That was an incredible answer, but I just have one last follow-up. You guys had a very, very strong U.S. advertising number underlying like 8% for Discovery. Can you give us some clarity on what's going on with the other pieces that brought your advertising revenue reported to 5%?
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Yeah, Jessica, so as you say, pro forma was 5%. And if you decompose that into the individual parts, underlying Discovery was 8%, and then the delta between pro forma and the Discovery stand-alone is Scripps Networks, Motor Trend/Velocity and OWN. And the legacy Scripps portfolio was also very strong at 5%. And then as you might have seen, we had some ratings-driven weakness on OWN. It's singled out here as one of the pro forma adjustments. But it's just one network out of 18, and that's the benefit of having this broad portfolio that we can manage those kind of share swings. And then, Motor Trend OnDemand was down slightly as well in their display advertising as we reposition the product towards a subscription product rather than a, let's say, desktop ad-driven product now.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. David or Gunnar, I'm curious, when you think about Discovery GO, I know it contributes to your advertising revenue, but as a technology platform and set of data potentially analytics, what are you doing with that or what can you do with that insight into driving better monetization across linear, maybe better marketing, smarter programming decisions? Is that a tool that you think you can use to sort of have a broader impact on the business, given it's a scaled data set of real-time viewing that you haven't had in your traditional business where you've been a wholesaler?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Thanks, Ben. I think the first most important part about GO – and if you haven't gotten on it, you should play with it; it's the authenticated apps that we now have for each of our channels – is it tests a simple question. Because of the skinny bundle issue here in the U.S., there are a lot of younger people that aren't watching TV or just generationally they're not watching a TV in a living room. How appealing is our content to that generation? And when we look at the scale of young demo that's spending time with our GO apps on TLC, ID, HG, Discovery, it's pretty compelling. And we're doing original content for the GO apps. I think we're further ahead by a lot than anybody else. And I think it makes sense, because we have channels that people love. There's sort of three baskets of channels, four. There's sports. There's news and then there's the broad channels that people go to for a scripted show that they love, but the brand doesn't mean that much to them. And then there's us, these quality brands that people love. And it has been a big growth engine for us. We spent two hours in a meeting with Karen Leever and her whole team the other day. We're talking about what else can we do to drive more people to become aware of it. Because when the fans of TLC and ID or HG authenticate in, they're spending a huge amount of time, we're getting a big premium on the CPM, and it is affirming to us that we have IP that people love. And then, we can see exactly what they're watching. What are they watching, how much time are they spending. And so, it's helpful on the data side, but it's also helpful to us as we produce content for them for these apps and we start to pick up a better sense of exactly what this younger demo that's spending less time on TV is doing. And you see that growth in our numbers. Part of that 5 is that these GO apps, they're starting to generate real significant value for us and will continue.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That makes sense. That's very helpful. And if I could just ask one follow up on your DISH agreement. I know you don't want to talk specifically about a single deal, but Charlie [Ergen] yesterday alluded to some more stuff in that partnership that's coming. In the skinny or traditional world, maybe you could just talk about the kind of innovations around packaging or distribution that a platform like DISH and a company like Discovery might have come into market, because it seems like there's more in that deal than maybe what we're aware of so far.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Well, first, there are a lot of elements to every deal, but Charlie is very creative and clever. He was the first player to emerge with Spanish-only content and he created a huge amount of asset value. He's very entrepreneurial. And he takes a look at us and he says okay, we got a regular deal, which was I think very favorable for both of us. He took a look at what's going on with Sling and said you know what, you have really good content that'll help me get this thing growing and having your services, as he said yesterday, will help the overall value package of Sling and make Sling a lot more competitive. And not having our stuff was probably a bit of a challenge, because we have three or four of the top channels, three of the top channels for women, the top channel for men, top channel for African-American women, and so we're hoping that that's going to be helpful to Charlie. But the other kind of things are things that Charlie and I talk about all the time, which is, hey, that we have more IP than anyone else and we have loads of IP in different languages. So, if there's a huge population, let's say, in Chicago of people that have emigrated from Poland over the years and speak Polish. We're the leading player in Poland. We can take all that content in and that can be offered on a satellite right in, in ways that could be very potentially compelling for Charlie, compelling for us, if there's a big Italian population. So, I think when you take a look at our company and you take a look at somebody that's as creative and strategic as Charlie, we do our traditional deal. And he says you're the leader in global pay-TV and you own everything. What else do you have that might be interesting? And so, we're having some conversations about some things that we have that might be interesting to him.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's really helpful. Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. I had a question on the outlook for your networks. Specifically, we've seen such strong performance at TLC. I wonder if it's mainly the 90 Day Fiancé or if there are other popular shows behind that. Just trying to get a sense of how that strength can continue. And any color you might give on the recent sort of weakness we've seen at the flagship Discovery Channel. And lastly, I guess any more further color you could give on the domestic advertising market, looks like it's really strong. Maybe you could give some color around scatter. Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Sure. Well, look, TLC is quite strong pretty much across the board, but 90 Day Fiancé is really like – it reminds me of Housewives when I was at NBC with the NBC Cable Group. It's not one show. It's multiple shows. It runs for most of the year. It continues to grow. It also is working for us globally, but on Sunday night, it's massive numbers. And it has huge social energy around it and we think that that's sustainable. But the rest of the network is strong and it's also a network that caters to suburban and Middle America in a way that I think is pretty unique, but a lot of our channels are doing very, very well right now. ID is doing great. Henry Schleiff and Kathleen Finch have been digging in on Travel and Travel is way up. HG has turned around. And so we are in a business of a portfolio. Having said that, October was a little bit of a challenge, one, in terms of some premiers on Discovery. We got a great show coming up that launches in early December, BORDER LIVE, that we're optimistic about. We think it's quite exciting. But we have an inherent significant advantage and it's our job to take advantage of it. Broadcast has been declining at 8%, 9%, 10% for the past several years. It's unlikely that that's going to change. The broad cable networks, broad entertainment cable networks, have a very competitive environment with Netflix and Amazon and HBO. And it's a tougher game. And they're very committed to reruns of content. And those networks people tune into for series, scripted series, and then you have the quality niche networks. And so we were up 1% in the last quarter when everyone else was down 8% or 9%. Are we going to be up 1% all the time? No. But we shouldn't be declining at 9%. We have great brands that people love that they're spending more time with. When we looked a quarter ago and Brian [Roberts] and NBCUniversal was the number one reach in TV and they were at about 17%, we were at 13%. A quarter later, we're at 15% of viewership and Disney and some of the other major companies are flat to down. And so our game is can we grow? But even if we can't grow, if we could be down 1%, down 2% while everyone else is down 6%, 7%, or 8%, then our aggregate share of television is going to continue to grow. And we got to get the word out because very few people recognize that we're the number two TV company in America. And we think we could take share.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: And to your point on scatter, the scatter market trends have been consistent over the past couple of quarters. Pricing is up high teens versus upfront and high-single to low-double versus prior year and it's a pretty consistent pattern over the past couple of quarters.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Todd Juenger from Sanford Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Oh, hi. Thanks very much for taking the question. Two, both related to sports, if you don't mind. So one, starting in Europe, I just would love to hear just your latest thinking on just reconciling all the investments you've made behind Eurosport and amassing sports rights across the continent. And then just comparing that to sort of the affiliate fee and advertising growth rates we're seeing in your International segment, which coming in sort of low-singles now. How do you put those two things together and think about the return on all those investments you've made. Is it, obviously, I guess, still to come and how do you think about the pacing of seeing the return on that? And the other one, very simply, is in the States, just wondering, it looks like the old Fox regional sports networks are probably going to be on the market soon and wondering if you have any interest in taking a look and maybe making a bid for them. Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Let me start with the return. When you see a bid for Sky and that asset trading at 17 times where they have a big business in the UK and a business in Germany and Italy, and we have a broad business. We're making over $1 billion this year. And next year, we will be making a lot more than that outside the U.S. with a huge business across Europe. But also, the fact that we're the leader in sports, two to three sports channels in every country. And the return also has to do with the overall asset value. Can you aggregate the type of IP that we have across all of Europe, not just the Olympics, cycling, tennis, that we were able to buy. And we bought it good in terms of low-single digit to aggregate it and we're getting smarter about how we do it. The channels are doing well. It's helped our overall packaging. A lot of people have gotten reduced. Take a look at the other players in media, down 5%, down 10%, down 15%. We've been able to grow our affiliate line. And, in some cases, we make different decisions about how we move IP. I think you'll see over the next couple of years, a real acceleration, because we're not selling that IP yet to Tim [Höttges] at Deutsche Telekom and to Vodafone and to Telenor, or to Apple or to Facebook. And they're in the business of wanting sports and we have very valuable long-term sports, but you couldn't reaggregate it. If somebody said I'd like to be the leader in sports in Europe, I'd like channels, I'd like to own IP content that could reach across affinity groups to 750 million people, you simply couldn't do it. And so, for us, I think it remains very valuable. And I think you'll see as we're able to sell it to other platforms like the NFL get sold to Verizon. You see more and more. You see T-Mobile offering content in order to de-commoditize their platform. When platform companies want to de-commoditize, there's big opportunity. And we think that Brian [Roberts] can be a meaningful opportunity. Sky now is a very strong platform. He was over yesterday in the UK talking about driving Sky. And when they're looking for what can they put on Sky now across all of Europe, we're one of the major players in every single market that could give them local IP and local sports. And we'll make that decision as to what works, but I think there's a lot that we can do with Sky, with the mobile players and there's a lot of opportunity. On the regional sports, we've said we like outside the U.S. We like our European position as a leader, but we think we're late here. Those businesses can be dicey. I was involved in those businesses with Bob Wright and Chuck Dolan in the early days. And they really have to do with how long you own that IP for, and I think in many cases they were at the top of the heap in terms of what they were able to generate. So, I think unless it was a great deal, you wouldn't see us in there.
Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Todd, let me just add one more point on the ROI question, because, I mean, two things to keep in mind. Number one is if you now look at low-single-digit growth, that's against a significantly-elevated level, which was absolutely driven by those sports rights. And number two is those investments, yes, obviously, there was a lot of investment going into these sports rights, but at the same time as you see this quarter, we've been able to increase margins in International by 600 basis points. So, I mean, all in all, we're in pretty good shape there. And just to qualify the outlook slightly, as we said before, in the fourth quarter, again, there is going to be a negative impact of the Bundesliga Germany deal, which, again, would have added some growth if we still had it on the books directly. Obviously, in the long run, we expect that kind of OTT structure to significantly contribute to our growth, again, and also we did have a pretty strong Q4 2017, with a large chunk of the China Mobile deal hitting our numbers. So, that's important to keep in mind as a comparative for the outlook for Q4.
Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks. Thank you, Gunnar. Thanks for that. That's great, appreciate the extra color there and, David, as well. Thank you both.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vijay Jayant from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thanks. I just wanted to follow up more on your comments on the Golf TV proposition. From what I understand, the PGA rights you have do not include the majors. And, obviously, is there an attempt now as you try and create this comprehensive offering to buy rights for majors, the Ryder Cup and European Cup and so forth to really make it more comprehensive for the product? And second, just to size, you call out the GO products as being a driver of growth. Any sense that you can share how big those businesses are in aggregate and how fast they're growing? Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Thanks a lot. The attractiveness of Golf TV for us is driven by being in this business of direct-to-consumer for the last five years, and a lot of what we thought was going to work didn't work. A lot of things were harder than we thought. Some things surprised us as being really loved and attractive to users. But one of the elements is how much live IP can I watch, how often? So the idea that we have 48 weeks of content, we have the Asian PGA Tour, we have the Latin America PGA Tour, we have the PGA Tour itself, which is the premier tour everywhere in the world, we have the Senior PGA Tour, we have the Web.com Tour, and we're in discussions to add to that. But to start with, from Thursday through Sunday, we have an enormous amount of great IP, in most cases in time zone, and because of the fact that we made this announcement and the fact that Jay [Monahan] and I kind of went on a little bit of a tour on how important this is and the commitment that the PGA Tour has to this, there have been a number of people that have raised their hand at organizations that have said, I want to be part of this. And so with 48 or 49 weeks of great, great content, do we need to have every major? Eventually I think we will. They'll want to be on our platform. We're building a full-on ecosystem. In the old days, you would wait for once a month if you loved golf for your two golf magazines to come, and then you'd read it under the covers. Well, now you can read it under the covers, but you can read it under the covers on your phone, and you're going to be reading about the players. You can buy what you want. There's all kinds of instructional video. So we think this full-on ecosystem will be quite compelling. It's the vision that Jay and I have together. And when we're talking to the players on the PGA Tour, they all want to be part of this because they think for all of them, it's like this is exactly what I would have wanted when I was growing up, and won't this make the Tour more compelling? And so if you look at that, and then you say you're a major and you're going to be one weekend for four days, do you want to try and reach golf fans everywhere in the world for that one weekend, or do you want to come on our bus that's circulating above the globe? So we think we have a very good hand there. And we will be making some announcements, some exciting announcements. But the big investment in this, we think, is behind us because we think we've got the premier content. On the GO, Gunnar?
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Yeah, well, look, I mean, we've talked about this before. GO is extremely valuable for us. We're seeing tremendous growth on the streams. It's the type of inventory that we can sell at a premium. We've got dynamic ad insertion across most of the inventory, which allows us to better target audiences. So we're getting much better effective CPMs compared to the linear TV. There's a lot of demand for this type of content, long-form premium video, safe environment. So we've been getting a lot of interest for this. We've seen significant contributions to our growth. We're not sort of singling out a GO percentage or so because those deals are coming together. Advertisers are buying across the entire portfolio and across platforms, but it's been very meaningful. And we're very happy with the growth. And, as David said, we've only just started.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: The last point on Golf TV, because I think this isn't about Golf TV, this is about a global platform above the globe in 52 languages. There's no other company that can do that and there's no other company that has between 10 and 12 channels in every country letting people know about it. And if we can do this, and we believe that we can, and we've got Jay and the PGA Tour with us and we've got all the players with us. If we can do this, then we will have established a global platform. Global platform, you've got Netflix is a global platform, Apple has a global platform. We have a global platform which we'll be promoting to with all of our linear channels. But on top of that, if you're a federation with a sport, if you're badminton, if you're ping-pong, and you want to go above the globe, where do you go? So we think we're building something that if we could find the right recipe here, both from an infrastructure and technology perspective as well as an understanding of what nourishes an audience, which the magazine business went through for years. They had to figure out how do we create a magazine that people love and pay for every month? We've been at this for 4.5 years. We don't have the answers, but we think that this above the globe superfan business, and it's not just sport, then we can start to slot in all of our stuff. So you'll hear on us Golf TV, but you'll feel our enthusiasm because we think this above the globe concept with IP, it really reflects who we are as a global IP company.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will be from Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thank you. Two questions, one for David and one for Gunnar, following on the now you're above the globe idea...
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Before your question.
Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Yes, David.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: I'm going to call you Nathanson until you put a buy rating on our stock, okay?
Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Nathanson.
Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: I married a Nathanson so that's my new name. Just want you to know that. And she's a lovely person. So here's the deal. Above the globe idea, you talked about just now some niche sports. I wonder, do you think the next set of global sports rights, NFL, Olympics, will be above the globe? Like do you see eventually five, seven years from now, the bidding going on a above the globe pace for some of these bigger contracts? Then I have one for Gunnar.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Yes. Disney can go above the globe with their kids' content, but we're one of the few companies that really see ourselves that way. And we actually have the ability with all of our content, we're paying the piper. We, as a company, have made the decision that we're going to go IP long to get above the globe. And this strategy in Europe is very similar. 750 million people is an awful lot, but we are looking for content that is globally appealing. So the great thing about golf is they love it everywhere. The great thing about cycling is it has great appeal broadly. The great thing about tennis is it has great appeal broadly. There are a lot of other sports that are more local and you can get expats that love that content, but it isn't the same. And so for us, are we interested in that once we build a platform in helping to support that? Maybe. But the bigger game, I think, are these global sports. How do you aggregate everybody that loves curling? How do you aggregate everybody that loves ping-pong? How do you aggregate everybody that loves badminton? It may seem small, but in the end, maybe our platform becomes an exchange for that. And we're not paying for it at all because we built the best global engine with the best promotion vehicle on the ground. That's the hope. It's going to take a long time, but that's how we've structured our company, above the globe.
Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Thank you, David. And then one quick one for Gunnar, last one is just can you help me quantify what the Bundesliga deconsolidation was on the expense growth and how do you think about the scaling and the speed at which you get cost out of International? Because I think it takes longer. So what was it ex-Bundesliga and what is your outlook for the speed of cost saves into next year?
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Yes. So, Michael, for the Bundesliga, it was about a $20 million impact. So you could assume for the third quarter a 20% profit growth, if we factor out the fact that we got rid of the Bundesliga cost base, instead of the 27%. In terms of our speed at which we can save costs, I don't think I agree with your assumption. Actually, we've been very happy with the speed at which we're taking out costs internationally. As you can see by the significant OIBDA improvement, 27% up in the third quarter and it's very much cost-driven and again, needs to be interpreted against the backdrop of additional digital investments that we've made. So I think the speed at which JB and the team have integrated Scripps is actually quite impressive, from my perspective. And we certainly do continue to see significant cost reductions and associated margin expansion over the next couple of quarters.
Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrew T. Slabin - Discovery, Inc. David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc. Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.
Analysts: Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC David Joyce - Evercore Group LLC Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2018 Discovery, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this call may be recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Executive Vice President of Global Investor Strategy, Mr. Andrew Slabin. Please go ahead.
Andrew T. Slabin - Discovery, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Discovery's 2018 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access is on our website at corporate.discovery.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, after which we will open up the call for your questions. Please try to keep to one or two so we can accommodate as many folks as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2017, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. For the second quarter, I'm happy to announce that Discovery delivered a solid set of financial results, continued to make strong progress with the integration of Scripps, and accelerated its pivot to become a global leader in digital and direct-to-consumer media. It is still very early day as the new Discovery, but we feel great about where we are and what we've accomplished so far, and even better about the opportunities ahead of us. I'll spend a few minutes this morning going over performance and strategic highlights from the quarter before turning it over to Gunnar for a detailed look at our financials and our outlook. We feel great about our creative momentum as a combined company which, along with our significantly-enhanced cross-promotional and content-sharing capabilities, is strengthening our industry position and ratings and reinforcing the value of our whole portfolio. Discovery has the number one, two, and three networks for women in the U.S. with ID, Food Network and HGTV. And in July, the Discovery Channel was not only the number one network for men, but the number one network for all of cable. More compelling, is that our share of TV viewing across our entire portfolio is growing since the acquisition of Scripps. Today, Discovery enjoys the second largest share of total TV viewing in the United States, second only to NBC Universal. Our broad reach provides what I believe is an unparalleled platform to cross-promote viewership. And utilizing data analytics to implement activity day and date across our networks provides us with a real unique opportunity to drive a marked advantage. And we're starting to see some real impressive results. We have put together a world-class creative leadership team, made up of the best of both Discovery and Scripps. Our creative all-star team, together with our strong cross-promotion platform and data capabilities, has enabled us to increase our marketing reach by as much as 50%, growing audiences to targeted shows by approximately 12%. This allows us to save on marketing spend and makes our promotion platform much larger and more efficient. A unique platform and capability we're just getting started with. A case study for how we're successfully targeting and reaching audiences is the Travel Channel where, in July, we drove 13% ratings gain among adults 25 to 54 in Prime with paranormal content shared from TLC and Destination America, helped by cross-promotion efforts on our portfolio of networks. Another example is Food Network, where ratings in Prime gained 18% among women 25 to 54 in Q2, and showing real audience appetite with repeat viewers in an environment in which repeat viewing overall is down across the industry, particularly for broadcast. This unique ability to drive audience further supports our female demo story, in which our 25% plus share of female viewership on most nights and up to 17 of the top 25 shows for women in Primetime on Sunday nights distinguishes Discovery with a uniquely strong position with female viewers across both broadcast and cable. One of our new projects for HGTV will speak to many of those Brady Bunch fans on the call. You may have heard that the house from the iconic series was recently on the market in California. I'm excited to share that HGTV is the winning bidder and will restore the Brady Bunch home to its 1970s glory, as only HGTV can. More detail to come over the next few months but we'll bring all the resources to bear to tell safe, fun stories with this beloved piece of American TV history. Our creative momentum for men was also clearly demonstrated by our 30th annual SHARK WEEK this past July. Discovery Channel's ratings in Prime gained 6% among adult males 18 to 49 with a wealth of new cross-network content airing across the portfolio including GUY FIERI'S FEEDING FRENZY on Discovery and SHARK WEEK cocktail on Food's The Kitchen. This cross-network and talent collaboration made this year's SHARK WEEK one of the most successful yet. We recorded a 15% rating's increase over last year, record streams to Discovery Channel's GO app, which reached a new-day record of 625,000 streams and 3.5 million streams overall for SHARK WEEK-related shows. This strength in attracting such large audiences across all demos, including men and women, in such trusted brand environments was clearly evident during our very successful upfront. Under the leadership of Jon Steinlauf, our newly combined ad sales teams quickly mobilized just days after our acquisition of Scripps closed. The team developed a very compelling sales strategy around the new Discovery portfolio of family-friendly, safe and deeply loved suite of brands. Working from roughly the same amount of inventory as sold in recent years, we achieved very healthy price increases across many of our brands, including very strong CPM resets at networks such as ID, which we have long identified as underpriced and undervalued. The attractiveness of our combined reach and range of demos across our 18 networks was a key factor in being able to achieve this strong performance, helping to firmly cement one of the cornerstones of our domestic revenue synergy efforts. The brand strength and reach we have demonstrated to advertisers, along with our added momentum with virtual MVPDs and progress we are making to join additional OTT operators, including the recently launched AT&T Watch service on which we recently launched with 8 of the 30-plus channels, gives us increased confidence and visibility towards enhanced domestic advertising revenue growth going into the second half of the year and beyond, as well as for stronger affiliate fee revenue growth next year. We also remain on target for the cost synergies we outlined for you last quarter, all of which Gunnar will take you through in more detail in his remarks. Turning more closely to our Scripps integration process, we are now five months in and making real progress. We feel like we're doing really well. With much of the initial heavy lifting needed to unify both companies now complete, we're getting traction and feeling increasingly confident in our roadmap and strategy. On the content side, we have begun to light up Scripps' IP across the globe and are deep in the process of identifying, approving and rolling out a few thousand hours in new markets to encouraging initial results, notably in Latin America, Europe and the Nordics, with thousands of additional hours further identified. The benefits from this are multi-fold. Content sharing allows us to lower our costs, better align our lifestyle programming strategy across the network portfolio and allows us to identify talent for potential cross-over opportunities. Let's take Latin America, which represents an excellent example of where both the cost and revenue synergy opportunities are playing out quite nicely. Our management team in the region has embarked on a multi-pronged strategy. First, they have successfully launched and integrated Scripps content on our exiting nets, where ratings have exceeded the prior time slot by over 20%. Titles from HGTV have performed especially well, with ratings up 40%, and moreover, have helped increase ratings on existing home-type programming on our network by more than 50%. Second, they have begun to greatly improve the channel distribution where legacy Scripps Networks were offered, helped by legacy Discovery existing relationships with distributors and operators. And third, they have identified several new markets to launch additional Scripps-branded networks. We are very excited about the prospects in this region and several others, and we look forward to updating you in future quarters as we progress forward. Here in the U.S., we're also expanding Scripps brands to our TV Everywhere GO platforms where HGTV and Food are rolling out as we speak, which should help provide our growing GO platform with an even more compelling offering where we'll reach even more of the younger demographic on more platforms. As we continue to grow all of our digital platforms, we announced yesterday an important addition to our executive leadership team: Peter Faricy, who joins Discovery from Amazon as our first ever CEO, Global Direct-to-Consumer, with oversight of all our global digital and direct-to-consumer businesses. Peter was instrumental in building Amazon Marketplace, Amazon's hugely successful third-party seller business. And we're excited to welcome his vision and expertise as we continue to drive our direct-to-consumer initiatives around the world, including Eurosport, PGA Tour, Motor Trend and more. Peter will be looking at all of our IP. Our unique strategic advantage is that we believe we are the leading global IP company, from HG to Food to Science to Sports, we own all of our content on all platforms. Lastly, before turning it over to Gunnar, I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing two international developments, our strategic alliance with the PGA Tour and our expanded joint venture with ProSieben. These are great examples of our differentiated strategy: our pivot to reach viewers across digital, mobile and direct-to-consumer channels; and our ability to stand out in the marketplace as a preferred partner for the top players in the industry. In June, we announced plans to form an unprecedented 12-year strategic partnership with the PGA Tour to create a Global Home of Golf, including a dedicated OTT service which we'll take around the world and across our digital and linear channels beginning in 2019. This is a fantastic new opportunity to expand the strength of our sports portfolio. Leader in sports in Europe through Eurosport, home to the Olympics in Europe, as well as our global distribution platform and direct-to-consumer capabilities, to a passionate international audience which strongly complements our existing superfan portfolio. Golf today is a truly global sport with half of the PGA Tour's top players coming from outside the United States. As highlighted by Italian Francesco Molinari's victory at the British Open last month. In Germany, we expanded our partnership with ProSieben to include the Eurosport Player and ProSieben's maxdome VOD service, putting us in a unique position to become a leading streaming service in Germany. The agreement builds on our existing partnership with ProSieben to build a Hulu-like streaming service with Discovery and ProSieben's nine combined German channels, and is a good example of using our market relationship, direct-to-consumer expertise, and real-life and sports portfolio to drive value with important local partners. Expect to see more of this innovation in key markets going forward. We are very excited about these opportunities and others including Motor Trend and the Eurosport Player. And as we execute and scale these businesses, we expect modest investment headwinds will, over time, translate into impressive revenue tailwinds. Culmination across all of our efforts is manifesting itself in strong free cash flow growth where we are notably ahead of our original timeline to delever back below our target of 3.5 times net debt to adjusted OIBDA. Our path to greater financial flexibility paves the way for us to make smart long-term investments in our business while still maintaining a healthy trajectory for operating and free cash flow growth. Thank you for your time this morning, and wishing you all a few great last weeks of summer with friends and family. I'll now turn it over to Gunnar.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Thanks, David, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As David noted, I am very pleased with our underlying fundamental performance this quarter as well as the continued momentum we are gaining with respect to the integration and transformation of our newly-combined Company. Indeed, as I stated before, the further we proceed in executing our strategic plan, the better we feel about the opportunities ahead of us for the new Discovery. This morning, I will first provide a brief overview of our second quarter results, followed by an update on our integration and transformation efforts, as well as a discussion of the financial impact from some recent strategic developments, and we'll close with our outlook for the third quarter and the full year. My commentary today will, again, focus on our pro forma results which include the operations of Scripps as well as OWN and Motor Trend as if all had been owned since the beginning of 2017. And it will be in constant currency terms for the international and total company commentary, unless otherwise stated. Please refer to our earnings release filed earlier this morning for all of the detailed cuts of our second quarter results. Let me start by noting that we are very pleased to report that we met or exceeded all of our second quarter top line guidance metrics, and now, let's delve into the results. Starting with total company. Second quarter total company revenues grew 1% driven by 5% international growth and 1% domestic growth. Partially offset by a 69% revenue decline for Education and Other due to the April sale of our education division. Adjusted OIBDA grew 5%, 400 basis points above revenue growth as total company costs were down year-over-year in our first full quarter post acquiring Scripps where we started to realize the benefits of transforming the new Discovery with 1% U.S. adjusted OIBDA growth and 15% (sic) [14%] (19:14) International adjusted OIBDA growth. Looking at each operating unit, starting with the U.S. segment, second quarter U.S. total revenues, advertising and affiliate revenues, each grew 1%. The 1% advertising growth was driven by continued monetization and integration of our GO platform and digital offerings, as well as strong pricing, partially offset by lower linear delivery, especially in the first part of the quarter. On ratings, as David noted, we enjoyed real momentum throughout the quarter at certain networks including Food and Travel, and this momentum continued to build in July. The 1% distribution growth was primarily due to increases in affiliate rates partially offset by declines in subscribers. The 1% represents a slight deceleration versus the first quarter trends due a slightly tougher SVOD comp in the second quarter. Delving further into the drivers of U.S. affiliate and looking at pro forma sub trends, overall sub trends remain consistent with recent quarters. Subscribers for our combined portfolio were, again, down 5% due to the continued high-single to low-double digit losses at our smaller networks. But more importantly, subscriber declines for our combined fully distributed networks remain consistent with last four quarters, down 3%. Pro forma second quarter U.S. adjusted OIBDA increased 1% as operating costs were up with higher marketing spending driven by the timing of premieres, particularly at TLC, partially offset by lower personnel costs. Turning now to the International segment. Pro forma total second quarter International revenues were up 5%, driven by 2% advertising growth, primarily due to strength at TVN in Poland due to higher pricing as well as increases due to stronger sell-through leading to higher volume in key markets like Italy, Sweden and Spain, partially offset by weakness in the UK in part due to the World Cup and declines in Norway and Denmark due primarily to continued decreases in put levels (21:08). And pro forma affiliate growth of 7%, just ahead of our guidance of mid-single digits. Looking at the drivers of our second quarter affiliate growth by region, in Europe, we had another quarter of solid growth driven again by higher and stronger-than-expected digital revenues from the Eurosport Player partially due to another quarter of Bundesliga. To a lesser extent, growth in Europe was also driven by increases in linear contractual rates. In Latin America, we also saw healthy growth primarily due to higher pricing. Growth in Europe and Latin America was, again, offset by declines in Asia, our smallest market, as we continued to be impacted by lower pricing as affiliate deals renew. Turning to the cost side, pro forma operating costs were up 1% in the second quarter, as a 3% increase in cost of revenues was partially offset by a 3% decline in SG&A. I am very happy that adjusted OIBDA was up 15% with margins expanding 200 basis points to 32% as we benefited from a combination of solid underlying growth due to strong cost management and transformation savings starting to flow through, partially offset by P&L investments back into a digital and mobile growth area. Having reviewed the highlights of our second quarter results, let me now provide some color on certain forward-looking trends. As usual, I will specifically outline our third quarter top line expectations for each major operating segment. Again, International commentary will focus on pro forma constant-currency growth. First, U.S. advertising. We expect third quarter U.S. advertising growth to sequentially accelerate a couple hundred basis points versus the 1% growth seen in the second quarter. Growth is expected to be primarily driven by our improvement in linear ratings, continued monetization of digital, as we expect further success of our GO apps as well as continued increases in pricing. And this growth is expected to be partially offset by further universe declines. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we are confident that we will see additional tailwind given the very successful recently-completed upfront that David discussed. We had identified the upfront as one of the early significant revenue synergies of the new Discovery, and we are very pleased with the outcome that Jon Steinlauf and team were able to achieve. Second, U.S. affiliate. Given the unusually large digital contributions from selling global distribution rights for Manhunt to Netflix in the third quarter of 2017, we expect third quarter U.S. affiliate growth to be around flat. Fourth quarter growth should be similar, given the tough comp on the Scripps side due to their distribution agreement true-up in the fourth quarter of 2017 during which legacy Scripps domestic distribution revenue increased over 10%. However, beyond the tough comps in the back half of this year, based on the terms of our existing deals, the renewal cycle and increasing confidence in gaining additional distribution on virtual MVPDs, we currently expect to deliver a significant step-up in our affiliate growth rates in 2019. Third, International advertising. Third quarter International advertising is expected to, again, be up in the low single-digits range. Overall, we expect Europe will, again, benefit from continued strength at TVN in Poland as well as sell-through and pricing in markets like Sweden and Germany, partially offset by continued put level (24:24) declines in Norway and Denmark. The Latin American region is also expected to see continued growth, although we've turned a bit more cautious on our outlook for Brazil. Finally, International affiliate. Third quarter International affiliate is expected to be up in the low single-digit range, a deceleration versus second quarter growth primarily due to the impact from the new ProSieben joint venture which deconsolidates our Eurosport Player and a large portion of the associated costs in Germany. Otherwise, overall trends remain relatively consistent with second quarter. We still expect Europe and Latin America to grow. Growth in Europe should be driven by year-over-year increases in digital revenues as well as higher contractual linear rates, and Latin America should continue to benefit from higher pricing. This will, again, be partially offset by overall declines in Asia. It is important to note that third quarter growth would have been projected to be in the mid-single-digit range excluding the impact of our new ProSieben JV. So, let me take a minute to explain this JV and its financial impact. I am personally very excited about this strategic and financial investment. For several years, TV players in the German market have been strategizing about the opportunity that exists for a joint OTT platform, and we have finally come together with this groundbreaking offering. While there is still a lot of operational execution ahead of us, I'm confident in our joint ability to provide a great product to the marketplace. This deal will have several implications for our reported financials. Discovery International affiliate revenue growth will be lower than current trend and prior projections by a couple hundred basis points due to the absence of contributions from Eurosport Player in Germany to the Discovery consolidated revenues. International adjusted OIBDA will improve by a couple hundred basis points, and of course, we will pick up our 50% share of the JV in equity and earnings of affiliates, which we expect to incur modest initial losses so our share should be $5 million per quarter for the remainder of this year. For the sake of clarity, please note that we will not be recognizing any revenues on our P&L to the extent we fund associated losses of this JV. And now, I would like to share a quick update on our integration of Scripps. We remain in full transformation mode and are fully engaged in reshaping the business and positioning Discovery to best address our industry's challenges and opportunities. We continue to press ahead across our multiple work streams and initiatives, striving to maximize the potential of the new Discovery, touching upon and refining virtually all of our core competencies, including content creation, advertising and global distribution of content. All of our initial progress is still extremely encouraging. We remain confident in our synergy target of at least $600 million of run rate cost synergies alone within the first two years of close, or by March 2020, and are already starting to enjoy early success as evidenced by our declines in personnel costs and the lower structural cost internationally this quarter. Let me remind you that we have continued to make investments in next-generation platforms and new businesses. These investments were approximately $50 million for this quarter alone, yet at the same time, we were able to expand our total company adjusted OIBDA margins by 200 basis points year-over-year, as our transformation is absorbing these investments and overall underlying cost inflation. Now, let's look at cost to achieve. In the second quarter, we booked another $187 million of restructuring and other costs including an additional reserve for severance and additional content impairments in our International business where we looked to increasingly use Scripps content replacing previously-acquired content. While a lot of transformation activity is still being refined, we now expect that we could see another $100 million to $150 million of restructuring and other costs in the back half for a total of around $600 million for the full year. Depending on the pace and timing of implementation of the total restructuring costs for 2018, we currently anticipate that around $300 million to $400 million will impact our 2018 free cash flow. As David mentioned, we remain equally excited by the revenue opportunities and enhanced growth prospects we are just beginning to realize from the combination and are extremely pleased with our initial progress. Let me now turn to our outlook for the full year 2018. I am pleased to reiterate all of the full year guidance we have given on our last call. We still expect pro forma constant currency adjusted OIBDA growth to be in the mid-single digit range versus 2017's pro forma adjusted OIBDA of $4.055 billion. Please keep in mind, that our full year reported adjusted OIBDA will be roughly $250 million lower than pro forma since we are only including Scripps in our reported numbers from March 6 on. Please note, that as a result of the higher restructuring expenses related to International content as well as the net $28 million tax reserve taken in the quarter, we now expect our full year book tax rate to be in the mid- to high-20% range versus our prior expectation of mid-20% range. While our cash tax rate ex PPA is still expected to be in the low 20% range with full year total intangible asset amortization still expected to be around $1.2 billion. I am also pleased to reiterate that our full year reported free cash flow is still expected to be around the $2.3 billion range. The final result will continue to depend on currency trends, the timing of the pay-out of restructuring costs and working capital movements. I remain very pleased with the ability of our company to generate significant free cash flow. We will continue to allocate virtually all of our free cash flow towards paying down debt and now expect to have net leverage at or below 4 times by the end of the year, an improvement versus our prior guidance of around 4 times. I will also again quantify the expected foreign exchange impact on our 2018 results. Given the strengthening dollar recently, the year-over-year impact on revenues and adjusted OIBDA has come down a bit versus prior guidance, but we still expect a nice tailwind. At current spot rates, FX is expected to positively impact revenues by approximately $80 million and positively impact adjusted OIBDA by approximately $20 million versus our 2017 reported results. In closing, we continue to be pleased by our continued progress and excited by the many opportunities we are uncovering through the transformation of the new Discovery. Thank you, again, for your time this morning. And now, David and I will be happy to answer any questions that you may have.
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Drew Borst with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. I have two questions. First for Gunnar, when you look at the legacy Discovery business in the U.S., I noticed that the distribution and advertising, you had no growth in the second quarter. You made some comments that on the distribution side, there was an SVOD comp. Maybe you could explain how big of a comp that was. And on the advertising side, maybe you could just elaborate a little more on what was going on.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Sure, Drew. Good morning. So, let me start with one general comment on how we look at those numbers now. You've seen that we focused the commentary on the pro forma numbers, because that's how we manage the company and our sort of standalone legacy Discovery or Scripps numbers will become less and less – meaningless. But to address your question, clearly you're right with the observation. So, we've seen flat distribution revenue in the second quarter. And we have pointed out that part of that was driven by SVOD seasonality in the prior year, so there was a bit of an impact and if it hadn't been for that SVOD comp, we would have seen distribution revenues up. Also, I mean, while we're at the topic, let's talk about some of the other revenue components on the U.S. side for the Discovery standalone portfolio. You've also seen flat advertising revenues. We've talked about previously that the ratings trends going into the second quarter wasn't great, but I'm also very happy with the dynamic that we have seen developing through the second quarter and into the third quarter now. The Food Network has come around very nicely. We're also seeing the Discovery Channel up in June and we're continuing to see a trend in July, which has led us to the more positive outlook for the third quarter, and then the additional tailwind that I've mentioned earlier for the fourth quarter. Also, I want to...
Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then ...
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Go ahead.
Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: No, go ahead. I didn't mean to interrupt.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Yeah, no. So, I mean, just – while we're at it, you also see that the profitability on the U.S. side for the Discovery standalone has been slightly lackluster. Again, this is a deliberate decision that we made to drive our investments in marketing expenses in the second quarter, partly driven by seasonality because we had a larger number of premiers that's we wanted to push. But also, as David pointed out in his speech, we are seeing a lot of traction in our ability to promote content across the larger portfolio. So, we've made those deliberate investments here and I think we can be happy with the result that we're seeing, and the rating trends give us a lot of confidence. And then, I want to point out one last point on this, on the profitability of the business. As I said in my speech, there are different sort of overlaying trends here. We've got a business as usual cost development. We have continued to make investments in our next-generation platforms. Again, that was $50 million across the entire group. And we have been offsetting that by the early impact of our transformation exercises. So, if you want to take a step back, look at the full company results, then the way I look at it is we've generated $75 million in revenue growth on a pro forma basis and we've dropped $62 million of that to the bottom line. So, that's clearly the early impact of our transformation, and there are puts and takes across the portfolio, but that's sort of the high-level view that I would take.
Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's great, very helpful. And then, a second question for David. I wanted to ask about your DTC strategy, particularly in the U.S. I saw you made some comments recently at TCA about direct-to-consumer and the importance of it. Obviously, you made the new hire yesterday that you mentioned in your script. Could you just give us an update on your current thinking about the potential for taking some of your big U.S. brands direct-to-consumer?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Sure. Thanks, Drew. Well, we're pleased to have Peter Faricy join us. He built the Amazon Marketplace platform. He built the tech stack and he's a digital native that really focuses on what does the consumer want. And we've been at this for a while on the direct-to-consumer side and we're excited about having him join us. One of the things that we've decided is, as a company, and you see it because it flows through everything we do, is that we want to own all of our IP on all platforms. Part of what happened with legacy Discovery is we're not syndicating our content like we used to. We're not selling it in ways that we used to because we want to hold on to as much as we can because we think we have something really special and something that's quite unusual. And we're feeling better and better about that. We have quality brands. We own the content. It's global. Here in the U.S., our share is growing, and the viewership on our channels is growing and our ability to promote across our channels and, at the same time, our GO platforms are growing. On the DTC, we have full optionality. The first thing that I've been saying for years is the U.S. is different than every other market. And it's just been driven by the aggressive push of retransmission consent networks and sports and kind of bullied the marketplace into carrying that onto every platform at very high rates. And the consequence of that was a decline in subscribers because people didn't want to spend that much. The good news is that I think consumers are saying, enough, that there's a lot of quality content out there. We see it with our GO platform with droves of 18 to 25-year-olds watching our channels. And Randall, I think, courageously said, I'm launching a real skinny bundle. And between DIRECTV GO and AT&T Watch, it's very encouraging. We don't have all the data yet, but we're A to B, 30 channels there and we've seen in other markets, when we can get that kind of share, that we end up with a massive increase in the viewership that we get on those platforms and it drives much younger people coming on. And so, the distributors doing skinny bundles, I think, is a big step forward. I think you're going to see a lot more of it. I think you'll see us participate in it. One of the things that we're feeling a lot more confident now as our channels – we have three, the three top channels for women; Discovery getting stronger. Our overall portfolio, the second largest in America in terms of total viewership, that – and the quality of what we have that we will be on many more of these platforms. We're confident that's going to happen. And so, now, we look and we go what do we do with this great IP? What do we do with these great brands? And unlike any other media company, we have full optionality. We like the skinny bundles. We're focused on getting on every one of them, and I think you'll see in the near-term that we're pretty confident we're making progress on that. And then, we have the ability to do it ourselves or do it with others. And so, we're having discussions. We're looking at it. But right now, I think things are moving in a very positive direction for us and, at the very essence of that is, let's make sure we have great content that people really want. And right now we feel like we have the best differentiated basket of content, and we look a lot different than everyone else and in every skinny bundle, if we're on it, I think we could be very dominant.
Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's great.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: And, Drew, let me come back to your first question. I want to make sure that we very clearly lay out what the affiliate cadence is going to look like for this year. Because, I mean, as we said going into the year, 2018 has less of a rate increase impact than prior years, and we do see some seasonality on the SVOD side. So, while SVOD does explain part of the slower growth in the second quarter, it will also continue to have an impact in the second half of the year, specifically on the third quarter numbers. That's why we're guiding around flat. And then, the fourth quarter number has a very tough legacy SNI comp, so that's going to be in that range as well. But as I said, we are now much clearer on the view on 2019, and if we look at the contractual rate increases that we have locked in already, our renewal cycle, and then, as David said earlier, much more confidence on the virtual MVPD side. As I said, we do see a significant step-up in 2019. So, around flat in Q3 around flat in Q4, and then a step-up for next year.
Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you for the responses. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Your line is now open.
David Joyce - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. This is David Joyce for Vijay. Maybe we could ask a nuance of that question. But David talked about seeing an increase in visibility in the over-the-top pick-up from the different platforms and the revenue growth into the year-end and into 2019. What gives you confidence on that? Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: What gives us confidence is that when you look at how people are watching television, when they could watch anything, there's more people in America that are loving our content, watching it, having most of our channels be the number one channel they want to watch. I mean, three of the top five channels they watch every – they wanted at over-the-top service. And so, let me just leave it that. I'll just say that I think we feel quite confident that we'll make some real progress soon and that we've earned it.
David Joyce - Evercore Group LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Morris with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning, guys. I want to follow-up a little bit on the affiliate outlook into next year and just decompose it a little bit. First, I guess, on the subscriber trend side, you've seen kind of consistency in the rate of decline for the last several quarters, as you've mentioned. Do you expect – do you have clear sight into that decline mitigating? And is there – are there any particular events, a launch of a service or a change in some input there that you're going to lap coming up that could give some relief? And then, second of all, you mentioned not only the renewal cycle but also like your existing terms as contributing to your confidence and acceleration. So, could you share what type of terms those are? Are there – you have existing contracts that have an acceleration in the rate that you're being paid next year? Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Yeah. Michael, so, if we look at the drivers on a piece-by-piece basis, the – clearly the subscriber trend is one of the most uncertain variables, and we're pretty much assuming a continuation of the trends that we're seeing in the marketplace today. Clearly if, as David alluded to, we manage to secure additional distribution on further MVPDs, that would have an impact on subscriber numbers. But sort of the general trend, we're not assuming a major change of those. In terms of existing terms, yes, it's correct, we obviously have a large number of contracts in place and we have contractual rate changes. And as we have said before, 2018 was a bit of a special year because the share of our subscriber base that was affected by rate increases was a very small share only for 2018. We have price increases kicking in for a larger part of the base.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thank you for that. And maybe if I could just follow-up on the first question – or one of the first questions. With respect to your direct-to-consumer strategy, it's a pretty basic question, I think, but maybe a complex answer which is, what do you think about or what are the considerations in not simply launching a Discovery direct-to-consumer product in the U.S. at a price point that's meaningfully above, let's say, your sort of average or even the high-end of your current distribution contract? So, an example would be a CBS All Access, which clearly seems to be priced above their retransmission fee rates. You haven't chosen to do it. I know there's a lot going on, but maybe what are the key considerations for why you haven't done it to date? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Right. First, we have great partners with all – with our existing distributors that have seen the light. They've been talking to their consumers and their consumers want an affordable product. AT&T in particular, they're going to be offering their product for free, high-end, heavy-use users, which we think is going to start a significant change in the way the industry is conjugated. And this whole heavy retrans in sports and regional sports package on top is going to get pushed to the side and we're going to be a big beneficiary of that. Having said that, we're quite ambitious about what we have, because we think we have something that's very different than everyone else. We look at a lot of the great companies right now: Netflix, Showtime, HBO, Starz, Amazon Prime, there are what – Disney with their acquisition of Rupert's great company. These look like fantastic companies that are in the business of scripted and movies. And as you go on these platforms more and more, you're seeing the same movies, and the cost is very high, and they're quite good, and I think many of them are going to be very, very successful. But to a consumer, they're starting to look a lot alike. And if you want something different, you – there's one place to look that has all the quality, all the brands that people love, all the characters and stories and a massive library to nourish and support. And so, we're looking at that and saying we have this differentiated basket that's very compelling and global. And so, we're carefully looking at it. Would we – could we align with somebody? Should we align with some of the existing players? Should we go it ourselves? Should we align with the direct-to-consumer platform? Should we align with a global player? We're having a lot of discussions and we feel very good about the fact that we have something quite different that's very highly in demand and we're seeing our viewership and the love of our stuff growing. So, we're just going to keep our optionality open, and in the meantime, we are going direct-to-consumer already with sports in Europe. We're going to direct-to-consumer in Germany where we launched our Hulu product. We're going direct-to-consumer with cars, with our Motor Trend product, which we're taking global. And the deal that we did with Jay Monahan, the great commissioner of the PGA, is – we think that could be a serious and meaningful business. We're reaching over 5 billion people and we own all of the rights to the PGA Tour outside the U.S. including the Latin America Tour, the Asia Tour, and we have some more stuff that we're looking at that will be quite interesting in that space. But we will build a full-on golf ecosystem that we think people will – with a great demographic, that we think could be a leading opportunity for us. We are in the direct-to-consumer business already and we like our hand.
Michael Morris - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall with Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is now open.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. A couple financial questions from me. Maybe first, both for David and for Gunnar. Gunnar, I think you talked about $300 million to $400 million of net impact on free cash flow from restructuring this year. So, could you just talk about as you get into 2019, what that may look like? And is that net of the run rate savings? I imagine when you start to look into next year, you have both more savings and less restructuring spend. So, maybe helping us bridge that would be helpful? And relatedly, David, I think you've talked about $3.5 billion in free cash flow. If you could just give us an update on what your line of sight is into that? And then, I have a quick follow-up just on the adjusted OIBDA guidance.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Why don't I just start off before I hand it to Gunnar for details because we're quite serious here about setting the right economic incentives to get the right performance to make sure that we get the right synergy, that we optimize the company for growth, to make sure that we get the free cash flow. Our goal of doubling free cash flow, of having this company look like a free cash flow machine. One of the things in the incentives in particular for Gunnar is, if we do not meet these targets, we're going to move Gunnar into Greg's bedroom in the attic of the Brady Bunch house. And that's not a fun place to be. It didn't have a door, there were beads, if you remember. And Marcia and Cindy and Peter and Bobby and Jan, they were all in the main house, but Greg was up in the attic. And so, that's the final kind of incentive for – to make sure that Gunnar delivers on all these numbers he's going to tell you about right now.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Okay. So, yeah. So, look, I mean, as I said, we're reiterating the guidance for this year. We're looking at slightly higher restructuring expenses, of that $300 million to $400 million, $250 million have actually already come through in the first and second quarter, so there's between $50 million and $150 million left for the remainder of the year. And then, based on the fact that some of the restructuring expenses are non-cash, you might have seen there's some content impairment in territories where we're leaning into the Scripps content more heavily. That, obviously, will stay non-cash so there shouldn't be a very large number of restructuring expenses coming through in 2019. And, I mean, as we've said before, if we look at the combination of our baseline growth, our transformation and synergy opportunities, I think some opportunities in working capital, we continue to have a clear visibility for that $3 billion free cash flow number that David and I have been talking about. Again, I want to make clear, this is not a 2019 guidance. We'll guide you for 2019 as we close this year. But there's a clear visibility ahead of us for that number.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: So, I would just say, in all seriousness, it's going very, very well. You could see it in the fact that we've said originally two years to be below 3.5 times levered and we'll be at 4 times or below this year. So, you do the math. But we're looking forward to, and driving very hard, to be below 3.5 times leverage soon and emerge with this great global IP company together with a free cash flow machine and sit down with our board and look at what do we do with that free cash flow.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. And then, just a quick follow-up on the adjusted OIBDA guidance. With the deconsolidation of Eurosport Player in Germany, I get that from what you said, to only be about a $20-million increase to International adjusted OIBDA. So, is it correct to clarify that your total company-adjusted OIBDA guidance for the year is not a downgrade because you're getting this slight uptick in International? It's all kind of the same because the bucket's too big? Or are you signaling a bit of a slight reduction excluding the ProSieben impact? Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: No, I'm absolutely not signaling a reduction in our OIBDA guidance. We've said before that we're looking at a mid-single-digit increase over the $4.055 billion pro forma number for last year and that continues to be the guidance. Keep in mind, this is only a couple of months' impact from the deconsolidation of the Eurosport Player in Germany. It's not a hugely material number.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. Just a bigger picture question for David and then a quick follow-up, following the PGA deal you guys just recently did, as well as your other global sports investments, I mean, do you feel you have a full plate of opportunities ahead or should we look even for more announcements of new investments in European or global sports? And then, just a follow-up on the commentary earlier on the upfront, just curious if you could give any more color on how the ownership of Scripps really impacted? Obviously, it was positive. I think you mentioned that. But any more color on really the ins and outs of the upfront and how that worked would be great. Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Thanks, Alexia. Look, we like our current position. We're actually looking hard at our Eurosport position. We're the leader in sports. We don't think we necessarily need more, but we have learned over the last couple of years, it's the big events. So, we've extended out all the majors in tennis. We've extended out the cycling. We have the Olympics. And so, I think we've gotten a little bit better at buying. And the majority of the sports that we've bought are in low- to mid-single-digit increases with that strategy of having somebody else spend a lot of money for football. And in many cases, we come in with the only pan-European platform. So, I think for Eurosport, we feel pretty good. We don't think we need a lot more. And the PGA, we will reinforce our golf position. And I think you'll see us getting – with the PGA, we have the, really, the Premier Tour. And we have the PGA library and all their know-how. And together, we're serious about building a full-on global golf ecosystem with markets like China and a number of markets in Asia, we think, having huge opportunity. Other than that, we'll be opportunistic. Once we build a global platform for golf with an ecosystem that works, and that's what Peter is really going to be driven by, and Alex Kaplan, who is the President of that business, great talent. I think that that best practice could be something that a lot of people would want to piggyback on. There are loads of sports that want to reach globally, and we view ourselves as having the opportunity to be the one global company that can reach with sports everywhere in the world. And so, if you're a smaller league, it would be very difficult to build an entire platform. But we have a platform in all of Europe, and we're building a global platform for the PGA, and so we can envision a moment where people would come to us and say can I be on your platform. I don't know if they would pay us to be on, or if they'd come on and we'd do a split, but we think that that could create a real opportunity because it's a differentiated skill set that we have to be in every language in the world, with boots on the ground all over the world, with a direct-to-consumer competency. And, on the upfront, we had a very good upfront. We were able to get meaningful increases across all of our channels. I think that one of the benefits is that if you want to buy live viewing in the U.S., we made very clear we're the second largest company in the U.S., but more importantly, we have great brands that people love with huge length of view. And so, that's a revenue synergy that we hadn't built in the plan, that we're starting to see. Steinlauf was very creative. He built a hits package where we took our top 30 channels, and on average broadcast – 30 shows, and on average broadcast is getting over a $50 CPM. Cable, in general, was getting about a $15 CPM. And so, there's this legacy disadvantage which makes no sense. And so, by putting our hits package together, we're actually delivering, from our perspective, better than the broadcasters. And so, the engagement on our networks is up. And finally, it's very safe. And as you look across the digital environment, when you look across broadcast, people are coming in and they're watching a show. The people that watch HG, Food, Discovery, ID, they're coming and they're spending time with us. And advertisers are finding that not only is the engagement higher, but that the viewing of advertising is higher. So, we feel very good about it. You'll start to see that flow through in the fourth quarter, and we think there's nothing but upside. This idea that we're the second biggest television company in America is something that we're digesting, and the advertising community wants to treat us like we're still a traditional cable company. Well, from a scale perspective, we're bigger than most of the broadcast companies.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I have two topics. One on Germany, could you just talk a little about the revenue model for the JV? Is it advertising, subscription, or both? And what's the potential in this market, and the potential to expand out of this market with the JV? And then, on advertising, do you see – it's a little just to clarify maybe a little bit on you've closed the gap a bit. It sounds like you've closed gap on the female networks but how much have you closed? And how much more is there to go? And then, just in general on advertising, are you seeing any share shifts? Like, David, you talked a lot about you deserve a higher share. Are you seeing more money coming into cable? Are you seeing less money go into digital? Like, just talk about overall trends.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: Yes. Jessica, let me start on that Germany question. So, I mean, as you know, I've been in that market for most of my career. And, as I said in my script, we have been thinking about this for many, many years. And some early efforts have been stopped by, quite frankly, antitrust considerations because back at that time the, let's say, the strength of the digital and Internet players wasn't seen as much yet. So, the entire marketplace, from my perspective, agrees that this is a huge revenue opportunity because everyone, every TV player in the marketplace, has been building their own offerings on an OTT basis. Yet, by coming together for the first time, we're going to be able to create sort of a single destination like your TV set in a linear traditional world for the online space. And we have been very clear in our press release that we're inviting other players in the market to join this platform. Not only is there an efficiency point, of course, because we're stopping to make all those investments on an individual basis, but we're joining forces. But it's – I think it's a very, very attractive product from a consumer standpoint. And to your question on the revenue model, we're going to be offering a lot of different opportunities for consumers to enjoy our content. The basic layer is an ad-funded catch-up OTT product. Then, on top of that, you'll be able to get an HD live stream for a subscription. We will – you will be able to add onto that the maxdome SVOD product which has a lot of the top Hollywood output, a lot of the stuff even with pre-premieres before it becomes available on the linear side. And then, of course, you can bundle in the Eurosport Player. And we're working on sort of structuring these offerings. But I think it's going to be a very compelling menu of options for people in the marketplace. So, again, it's early days, but we're very happy about this opportunity and we're going full steam ahead. On the – on your clarification question for the U.S. upfronts here. Clearly, we have been successful from a pricing perspective. As David said, one of the most important priorities for us was to get adequate pricing for I. And on average, across the upfront deals, we were able to get ID pricing up 25%, which I think is a great result. We're happy with that outcome. It's going to help our fourth quarter and 2019 revenue growth. And also beyond ID, on average, we've been in the high-single, low-double digit range for most of the networks.
Operator: All right. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I'll try and keep it quick. (01:01:48). First, David, you mentioned a couple times about some optimism about getting incremental distribution on some of these virtual MVPDs. Could you just talk through a little bit on your thinking around your willingness in terms of number of your networks that you'd be willing to put on there, assuming maybe a smaller selection of them and the rate you'd require to get those networks on there; if it's similar, higher, lower, in order to secure that distribution compared to others? And then, the other quick question – I hope quick – is just Asia. Maybe, Gunnar, I know it's your smallest part of International. Could you remind us just, at this point, about how big Asia is as a percent? And any information on what's going on there in terms of – looks like lower affiliate prices on renewals? Think advertising's been down, too. What can we learn from that market, and what's specific to that market that makes it so different? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: I think that we've been clear that we think that we have channels that are very valuable and that we're making progress in our discussions with the – some of the MVPDs that we're not carried on. Our channels are – the integrity of our – of the economics of those channels will be maintained. We have structured it so that if somebody carries our top channels, that we end up with 85% of the money. That's true in the U.S. and around the world where the fees for our more important networks are higher and we've done that over the last several years. And we're not going to be – we're going to be holding on to our true economics because we feel that our channels are – provide significant value.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery, Inc.: And, Todd, I mean, on Asia, I mean, you actually asked two questions, right? One is the size. It's very small. It's a single-digit percentage of our total revenue. It's even smaller from a profit perspective. And, I mean, to your question what's going on, I think this is something that not only we are dealing with. I think as the markets mature, there are many territories in Southeast Asia where there's a – an increasing appetite for local content. So, for years, it's been a great business to exploit the International English-speaking content there was a great business model. Consumers are turning more towards local content, and quite frankly, we're seeing that in our recent renewals. But again, I mean, as we've said before, if you take a look at what we did in Q4 last year and Q1 of this year, we're also seeing another effect, and that is increasing appetite for our content in the mobile and digital space. Q1 and Q4 were heavily impacted by a deal we did in China which was driving additional revenues into the group. So, let's see how this evolves. But again, from a strategic perspective, more of a pivot toward digital, and then probably less on the linear side. It's not huge, and I mean, we will see how bundling our activities with the digital space, with our PGA Tour deal, with new content on the local side will play out.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: We think golf is going to be a big helper. We don't think it. We spent a lot of time talking to the existing distributors, doing a real analysis on how golf is presented, what the growth of golf is, how many players there are in each country. And as we go to China, we own all the PGA Tour rights. We have all the PGA Tour rights in Japan, in Korea. So, we think that, having spoken to the distributors and looking at the viewership and the growth, that in some of these markets, the PGA is the NFL. So, we think it could be quite hopeful to us that we have all those rights on all platforms starting – we won't get all of them in – we have them all in the 12-year partnership. Some of them roll in, so might be that one country we don't get until 2020 or the 2021. But we think that will help us, and we're seeing it already in a lot of the discussions that we're having.
Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks. I have two quick ones for David. David, just on the JV in Germany, do you see that model working in other places? And if so, what type of markets would that work in? Secondly, now that you're pointing to 2019 as a better affiliate fee growth year, can you give us a sense of the consolidated U.S. footprint? What is the number or the percentage of footprint that comes due in 2019 and 2020? So, just a broader look at how much of your seasoning of your portfolio is turning over next couple years.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery, Inc.: Sure. Well, look, I think that the – in terms of the JV, we think it's quite compelling because we have all of this local content. And as a global Company when we look at Poland, when we look at Northern Europe, where we're the equivalent of like NBC and CBS combined, where we have all that IP, it's particularly a significant opportunity for us to go with other broadcasters, align together, put all of that IP together, because it's the IP that people watch. And across all of Europe and Latin America, we have the advantage of having 10 to 12 channels in every country and relationships. So, as I said, I think you'll see more of it. It's a fight back, but it's not just a fight back against Netflix and Amazon Prime and HBO going global. It's a different offering. People want to see the content they love, and they want to see it on all platforms. And so, there's a great place for the subscription-based, scripted and movie platforms, but in a lot of these markets where we have loads of original content in language, we're talking to other players like us where, together, we could be pretty compelling. On the subscriber side, I don't want to get into detail. But as we've said, we can look at what's – these things are lumpy. We could look at what's going on based on deals that we've done already and what the step-ups are. And that we're quite – we can look, and we can see that next year you will see meaningful subscriber increases throughout all of next year which – in contrast to what you'll see for the next two quarters. And that's locked in.
Michael Brian Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks, David.
Operator: And, ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have today for questions. So with that said, I would like to thank everyone for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Slabin - EVP, Global Investor Strategy David Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Gunnar Wiedenfels - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Drew Borst - Analyst, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Analyst, Bank of America Merrill Lynch Vijay Jayant - Analyst, Evercore Group LLC Richard Greenfield - Analyst, BTIG LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - Analyst, JPMorgan Securities LLC Steven Cahall - Analyst, RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael B. Nathanson - Analyst, MoffettNathanson LLC John Janedis - Analyst, Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Discovery Incorporated First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Global Investor Strategy. Sir, you may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery’s 2018 First Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at corporate.discovery.com. During today’s call we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, after which we will open the call up for your questions. Please try to keep to one or two questions, so we can accommodate as many folks as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that today’s comments regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2017, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. The first quarter was a transformational period for Discovery, marked by a number of important milestones that will help to further differentiate our strategy from the rest of the marketplace, enhance our portfolio of quality, trusted brands and position us for our next generation of growth. In addition to reporting solid operating momentum across our businesses, we closed on our Scripps transaction and quickly began integrating the two companies. And thus far, I can unequivocally say, we love this combination even more now than when we first announced it. As Gunnar will detail, our combination is exceeding expectations on every level, which you will see reflected in our upwardly-revised synergy target, and we are continuing to drive more synergy value off of this base, and look forward to updating you in future quarters. In short, we feel real good about where we are, operationally, financially and strategically. And we see multiple areas where we can create meaningful long-term value. Behind this momentum, we are ahead of plan to rapidly reduce our debt levels and now plan to be around four times net debt to pro forma adjusted OIBDA by the end of this year. I’d like to share a few thoughts on the state of our industry, our differentiated position as the global leader in real life entertainment and why we are increasingly confident in our strategy. Let’s start by looking more closely at the current state of our business. Despite the challenges of the ecosystem, our existing business continues to show real growth. Net growth continues at the same time we are investing meaningfully across the company in new opportunities like direct-to-consumer, new technology that we expect to bear fruit and give us meaningful growth in the years ahead. We have a steady financial and operational tailwind and a model that provides a strong visible free cash flow generation. We are a free cash flow machine. Indeed, our free cash flow is like a moat in turbulent times. It’s a distinguishing strategic asset for Discovery. That free cash flow will, over time, provide us with a loaded gun, giving us flexibility to deploy that free cash flow like bullets wherever we see opportunity to drive shareholder value. Whether it’s investing in content, IP, platforms, products and services, extending our content onto all bundles and services, whether linear, digital, mobile, or direct-to-consumer, or just buying back our stock, we will have the cash to decide. Our focus on cost efficient, real life entertainment leveraged across all formats, regions and methods of delivery, gives us another distinct advantage over our peers. We’re not caught up in the increasingly competitive and high-cost scripted content game that has captured so much of our industry’s attention and resources over the past several years. We don’t just do shows; we curate passion brands for enthusiast audiences who, in a world where they can watch anything, seek us out, because our content provides them with something special and useful for their daily life. In cooking dinner to designing their dream home or car, we engage our viewers with content that entertains and inspires, while also providing real everyday value and utility. We don’t have just viewers either, we have super-fans, consumers who trust our brands and believe in our talent. And we have families who feel safe and entertained while watching our content. We’re also not renters. We own the vast majority of our content across regions, platforms and formats, and have the flexibility to take it wherever we want. As more and more viewers turn to their mobile devices, our strategy around global IP ownership, married to our portfolio of high-quality passion brands and utility content, gives us a distinct edge, we’re different than everybody else. And finally, we aren’t just in the U.S. We are truly international with our sales teams and relationships with consumers and our creative teams in over 220 markets. A marketing platform that can light up any show or brand in any market with our portfolio of world-class free-to-air, broadcast, and digital assets, facilitated by an industry-leading cloud-based IT platform, we know better than anyone how to take content around the world in multiple languages, and we’re just getting started with the Scripps IP. I believe these distinctions make us more differentiated relative to our peers as ever before and increasingly well-positioned to grow and deliver value as our industry evolves. Additionally, I remain confident in our ability to gain further penetration on skinny bundles and virtual MVPDs. However, here in the U.S., despite a number of promising advances, our industry still isn’t fully meeting the needs of its viewers. The vast majority of skinny bundles domestically are still by and large anything but skinny. At $35, $60, $90, or more a month, they’re inflated by the heavy costs of retransmission consent and sports. And given that nearly half of all households are either light or non-viewers of sports, and that about 25% of all audiences never watch any sports at all, the industry should be able to find a better way to accommodate what consumers really want. The tolerance of consumer subsidizing all that sports content is waning and weighing on the U.S. sub growth. The good news is the market is now beginning to respond to consumer sentiment and demand; the non-sports real skinny bundles. Many pay-TV and mobile companies have announced that they’re going to do non-sports skinny or entertainment heavy bundles, and new virtual providers have started to provide these offerings to try and meet consumer demand. As these offerings gain a stronger foothold, which I believe they will, the skinny bundles will go a long way to improving the stability of the U.S. ecosystem, even maybe gaining some traction against subscriber declines. These bundles present a terrific opportunity for content providers like Discovery. It’s our sweet spot. I have been saying for years, time’s up. It’s time for the U.S. to begin to look like every other market in the world. Turning to our transformation process with Scripps, Gunnar and I will provide more detail. At this point in the process, we feel good and we feel like we are in full command and control; drilling and driving forward every day, trying to optimize our company, Discovery and Scripps’ full potential. Turning to our combined efforts, we introduced the new Discovery to the marketplace here in the U.S. at numerous upfronts over the last few weeks to a very strong response from the advertising community. We’re off to a good start. The upfront, which feels healthy, presented us with the first opportunity to showcase our full and unique offering, and what we mean when we call ourselves the global leader in real life entertainment, a marketplace position that has great scope and reach, a deep endemic advertising base and category leadership across key quality brands; Food, Home, Science, Crime, Oprah and Cars, to name a few. Because we own and produce all of our own content, we have unique flexibility as we face the advertising market. Our portfolio accounts for 20% of ad-supported cable viewership in the U.S. And we have four of the top seven networks for women in total day viewing on all of ad-supported cable. I think the first time a company has accomplished that. We couldn’t be more excited about this year’s upfront as we go in as the new Discovery, with trusted quality brands and a strong comprehensive menu of demos and very broad reach across our networks. We believe we will be very successful for our advertising partners, the agencies and most of all, in creating more value for the new Discovery. I’d also like to share a few highlights from our digital businesses, where many of the initiatives we carefully seeded over the past few years are beginning to report meaningful user traction and revenue contribution as we expand our competency in building direct-to-consumer products and services. Our TV Everywhere business comprising our GO apps continues to provide meaningful contribution as a source of higher CPMs and incremental revenue and audience share, delivering more than 25 million streams monthly. We recently extended GO with the creation of an OWN app, and we anticipate adding HGTV and Food Network in short order. We think all of that will create more value and stronger demos in the future. Internationally, the Eurosport Player continues to benefit from the broad exposure it received on the back of the 2018 Winter Olympic Games. As we collect a greater share of data and insights from each sporting event and season, our dialogue with sports super-fans becomes even sharper, allowing us to better target subscribers for upcoming events, such as cycling and tennis at the moment and ultimately, how the better manage churn from sports that are rolling off. The Motor Trend group, our digital automotive joint venture, is another great example of how we are taking our expertise in nourishing super-fans in niche genres to a key consumer vertical, where we can become the multiplatform leader. The Motor Trend app, our OTT/SVOD product already has nearly doubled its subscriber base from when we came together last September, and is quickly becoming a leading digital destination globally for auto fans. As a next step, we will rename the Velocity network to Motor Trend network this fall, reinforcing our linear and digital car franchises under a common brand. Going forward, you can expect us to expand on this strategy in other key verticals, such as Food and Home, where our category leadership with Scripps presents numerous opportunities. For example, how do we own the kitchen with advertisers and e-commerce companies across multiple platforms and formats? In sum, we love our hand. Our differentiated position, where our IP ownership, aggregation of quality brands and focus on nourishing our enthusiast audience with content they love and seek out in a cluttered content world, will continue to open up new and exciting ways to connect with our fans. With the integration of Scripps moving swiftly forward, we are defining our future as the new Discovery with a broader strategy, portfolio of assets and a financial profile that we believe will allow us to deliver great upside to our shareholders this year and in the years ahead. Thanks for your time this morning. I’ll now turn it over to Gunnar.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thanks, David, and thank you everyone for joining us today. As David expressed, this is an incredibly exciting time for us, and I could not be more optimistic about the opportunities ahead of us in transforming the new Discovery. I will first provide a brief overview of our first quarter results, followed by an update on our integration and transformation efforts, and will close with our outlook for the second quarter and fiscal year 2018. My commentary today will focus on our constant currency pro forma results unless otherwise stated which differ materially from our reported results given reported actual results only include 26 days of Scripps as of the merger’s close on March 6, whereas pro forma results are more [ph] reflective (16:01) of our underlying trends. Please also note that pro forma results include the operations of Scripps as well as OWN and Motor Trend, formerly The Enthusiast Network, as if all had been owned since the beginning of 2017. Please refer to our earnings release filed earlier this morning for all of the detailed cuts for our first quarter results. Now, let’s delve into the numbers. On a constant currency, pro forma basis first quarter total company revenues grew 10% driven by 2% domestic growth and 26% international growth, while adjusted OIBDA was down 6% with 1% U.S. growth and a 30% decline at international largely driven by the timing of the Olympic Games as we had highlighted on our fourth quarter call. Note that Discovery stand-alone first quarter adjusted OIBDA was down 9%, better than what we had guided to, due to strong cost controls across the board. And also note that excluding the impact of the Olympics, both Discovery’s stand-alone adjusted OIBDA, as well as pro forma adjusted OIBDA were positive. Looking at each operating unit, first quarter U.S. revenues grew 2% led by 2% advertising growth and 2% affiliate growth. The 2% advertising growth was driven by continued monetization and integration of our GO platform and digital offerings, as well as higher volumes, partially offset by lower linear delivery. Let me add that on a stand-alone basis, Discovery nets grew organic advertising 4% in line with our guidance of up low to mid-single digits, while the Scripps was modestly positive, primarily due to higher pricing, offset by lower delivery. The 2% distribution growth was primarily due to increases in affiliate rates, partially offset by declines in subscribers. Again, the Discovery stand-alone growth was in line with our previous guidance at 2%. Delving further into the drivers of U.S. affiliate and looking at the pro forma sub trends, subscribers for our combined portfolio were again down 5%, consistent with the trend over recent quarters. More importantly, subscriber declined for our combined fully distributed networks was again 3%, with some positive impact from HGTV and Food. With respect to affiliate fee trends, as we have previously noted we renewed our FiOS deal at the end of 2017. So while the deal was very successful, it impacted a smaller number of subscribers, so there was less of an overall pricing lift versus prior years. Pro forma first quarter U.S. adjusted OIBDA increased 1%. Turning to the international segment, all of my commentary will be on a pro forma constant currency basis, though it is worth highlighting that given the weakening dollar, currency was a very nice tailwind on both reported revenues and adjusted OIBDA. Pro forma total first quarter international revenues were up 26%, driven by 11% advertising growth, primarily due to the successful delivery of the Olympics across Europe, as well as strength at TBN in Poland, partially offset by weakness in Asia and LatAm due to lower pricing in the first quarter. Pro forma affiliate growth was 9%, driven by 10% growth at Discovery in line with the fourth quarter, and 1% growth at Scripps, which is a much smaller business, at around 5% the size of the legacy Discovery affiliate business, given Scripps’ limited historical pay-TV presence outside the U.S. Looking at the drivers of our first quarter affiliate growth by region, in Europe we had another quarter of solid growth, driven by higher digital revenues from the Eurosport Player due to the Olympics and another quarter of Bundesliga, as well as increases in contractual rates. In Latin America, we also saw healthy growth. We continue to see lower subscribers, particularly in Mexico and Brazil, but this was more than offset by higher pricing. And in Asia, our smallest market, we continued to be impacted by overall linear declines, given lower pricing as affiliate deals renew. However, on the positive side, we had another quarter of strong contributions from our mobile content licensing deal, as we had highlighted on our year-end call. We also saw significant growth in first quarter [ph] other (19:59) revenues internationally from sublicensing part of the Olympics IP. Turning to the cost side, pro forma operating costs were up 44% in the first quarter, driven primarily by sports rights and production costs, most notably from the Olympics. Adjusted OIBDA was down 30%, primarily due to the timing of revenues versus cost recognition of this year’s Olympics, which as we had previously called out, requires that all content and production expenses be recognized during the quarter in which the games are aired, while certain associated revenues are spread out pre and post the game. Having reviewed the highlights of our first quarter results, let me now provide some color on our second quarter expectations. Again, I will focus on pro forma constant currency growth. We expect second quarter U.S. advertising growth to be up low single digits. Trends remain consistent with our previous quarters with lower delivery offset by monetization of digital, and we expect second quarter U.S. affiliate growth to be again up in the low single digits range. Second quarter international advertising is expected to be up low single digits as well. We expect the solid pricing and delivery in key European markets to continue and trends in LatAm, particularly in Brazil, are picking up while trends in Asia remain soft. Finally, second quarter international affiliate is expected to be up in the mid-single digit range, driven by continued growth in Europe and LatAm for legacy Discovery’s nets and continued low growth of Scripps’ legacy affiliate business, partially offset by overall declines in Asia. And now I would like to share an update on our integration of Scripps. With our deal now having closed, we are in full transformation mode. As David mentioned, this is more than an integration of two combined companies. We are fully engaged in reshaping the business and positioning it to best address our industry’s challenges and opportunities. To that end, we have identified dozens of work streams and around 1,000 initiatives, examining how to best maximize the potential of the new Discovery, touching upon and refining virtually all of our core competencies, including content creation, advertising and global distribution of IP. All of our initial progress is extremely encouraging. With that, I am pleased to provide an update on our cost synergy target. We are raising our cost synergy target from the initial $350 million run rate within two years that we had laid out, and now expect to achieve at least $600 million of run rate cost synergies alone within the first two years of close or by March 2020, with an eye towards additional cost savings as we dig deeper and more broadly into the transformation. So, where is this all coming from? From a high level, key areas of focus include, number one, head count across virtually the entire combined company. Number two, real estate consolidation. Number three, marketing as we see room for more efficient spending across our broader portfolio. Number four, supply chain efficiency, where we see upside from coordinated global procurement. Number five, content spend at our networks where, for example, we have just begun to layer in legacy Scripps content across some of our international nets, ultimately allowing us to reduce costs while becoming less reliant on acquired content. Let’s look at cost-to-achieve. In the first quarter, we booked $56 million of Scripps stand-alone integration costs and $241 million of restructuring costs, including a reserve for severance and content impairments in the Nordics, where we look to increasingly leverage Scripps content versus previously acquired content. While a lot of the transformation activity is still being refined and restructuring impact is difficult to estimate at this point, we currently expect that we could see as much as roughly another $200 million for the second through fourth quarters of 2018 or early 2019. We will know more when our plans firm up, and we’ll provide details as we progress. Of the total restructuring cost for 2018, we currently anticipate that around two-thirds will impact our 2018 free cash flow. Note that first quarter free cash flow included roughly $70 million of cash restructuring and legacy Scripps transaction and integration costs. We are equally excited by the revenue synergy potential and enhanced growth prospects we will enjoy from the combination. We see them falling into several buckets. First and foremost is our combined U.S. upfront. We see real near-term opportunity from driving our domestic wallet share of pay-TV advertising around this year’s upfront, with negotiations having just begun, following our well-received presentations to Madison Avenue. We have also identified additional near and midterm revenue synergy potential to stem from greater focus on global distribution of Scripps Networks contents and networks. Ultimately, while the revenue opportunity here may indeed be the largest of all, this of course will take some time to unfold. We are in early innings, having just completed an analysis which identified several thousand hours of legacy Scripps Networks’ content that will roll out internationally throughout the year, as our content teams assess the strategic fit within their portfolios. The initial wave includes multiple pay-TV networks and free-to-air channels in Poland, the Nordics, Latin America and EMEA. Further, we are moving forward with our analysis and strategic plan to identify the market opportunities from launching Food and HGTV-branded networks in certain territories. For example, in Latin America, we will use the Scripps Networks Lifestyle content on a number of our networks, initially at our Home & Health channel, in addition to finalizing a rollout strategy for launching new brands across the region. Having walked through our updated synergy expectations, let me now turn to our outlook for the full-year 2018. We expect pro forma constant currency adjusted OIBDA growth to be in the mid-single digit range versus 2017’s pro forma adjusted OIBDA of $4.055 billion, even with the Q1 Olympics impact and with continued investment in digital initiatives like our GO platforms and the Eurosport Player. Please keep in mind that our full year reported adjusted OIBDA will be roughly $250 million lower than pro forma, since we are only including Scripps in our reported numbers from March 6 on. Turning to taxes. We expect our full year book tax rate to be in the mid-20% range and our cash tax rate excluding PPA amortization to be in the low 20% range, with full year total intangible asset amortization expected to be around $1.2 billion. As we have stated, the combined company will continue to generate significant cash flow. We expect full year reported free cash flow to be in the $2.3 billion range after the cash cost to achieve I previously noted. Please note that these numbers will depend on the timing of our synergies. Again, we will update you as we progress throughout the year. We will continue to allocate virtually all of our free cash flow towards paying down debt, and now expect to have leverage of net debt to pro forma AOIBDA of around four times by the end of the year. Note that in this number, we are currently not anticipating any additional material asset sales other than the recently closed sale of our Education business for $120 million. I will also again quantify the expected foreign exchange impact on our 2018 results. At current spot rates, FX is expected to be a nice tailwind and will positively impact revenues by approximately $200 million and positively impact adjusted OIBDA by approximately $50 million versus our 2017 reported results. In closing, as we continue to transform the new Discovery, we remain extremely optimistic about this powerful combination, which will allow us to accelerate the transformation of our business, drive free cash flow and ultimately generate significant long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you again for your time this morning, and now David and I will be happy to answer any questions that you may have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Drew Borst with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Drew Borst : Great. Thanks for the question. Wanted to ask about the synergy target. Thanks for the update. Do you anticipate – the $600 million, do you anticipate reinvesting any of that back into sort of growth initiatives for the business?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, so we – if you look at what we’ve said previously, we continue to make investments in our business for future growth a priority, and we have already budgeted for significant investments in our digital activities around the entire global footprint. So that will continue to happen. We do believe that the $600 million that I pointed out earlier are going to be a net impact that’s going to fall to the bottom line.
David Zaslav: Drew, as we look at the synergy, just simplistically, Discovery itself is at about 1.4 – was at about $1.4 billion in free cash flow and Scripps was at 8. And we look at the cost synergy that we have, we have $600 million now in hand that we believe we can fully execute on, and we still have a number of buckets that we’re looking at, another 40 or 50 workstreams, which we’ll get back to you on. But our target is, we really think that we can – there’s no reason why we shouldn’t better than double our free cash flow. One of the main reasons for this transaction was all the strategic elements that we’ll talk about, and how this grounds us as maybe the leading IP global media company in the world. But when we look at our $1.4 billion, together with our synergy, we think we can get to $3 billion. And so, getting to $3 billion for us is a target, but we’re going to be relentless about it. And we also think that there’s some upside to that as we look at revenue opportunity moving our content around the world, and seeing how this great portfolio works with the advertising market. So that’s our target.
Drew Borst: Great. Thank you. And if I could just get one more in, I wanted to ask about the legacy Scripps business. And I don’t want to dwell on this too much, because there was obviously a transition quarter with the deal closing in March. But, based on the numbers you presented, it did look like the U.S. Networks EBITDA for Scripps legacy was down a little bit, maybe low-single digit, 3%. I was wondering if you could just spend some time talking about what happened there in the quarter? And maybe more importantly, what do you see for sort of the remainder of 2018 at the legacy U.S. Networks for Scripps?
David Zaslav : Well, generically as a big driver is the ratings of Food and HG, and one of the values of putting these companies together is not only the global scale that we have, but the portfolio that we have in the U.S. And we’re never going to be in a position where all the business – all the channels are growing at the same time. A year-and-a-half ago TLC was down 25%. We said to you we’re going to focus on who the audience is, how we grow it. We said we thought we can continue to drive ID. We thought we can get Science going and Velocity. Discovery has been down; Food and HG are down and one of our big priorities is focusing on those audiences. In the case of HG and Food, the actual household audience is quite strong. What we really need to do with those two channels is continue to refresh them and grow them, and we got a great team. One of the reasons that we were so attracted was the quality of the leadership there, and we’re convinced in spending more time with Kathleen Finch and her team, that we have a great team. But we are doing a lot of work on who the audience is, how we continue to nourish them, it’s what we do for Living. But we also have been more aggressive in getting our authenticated GO apps out. I mentioned that we’re generating 25 million streams, it’s primarily people under 30. That’s something that wasn’t being implemented at HG and Food. And so a piece of this is really trying to innovate those platforms by getting the content authenticated on all devices to as many people as possible as quickly as possible, and we think that will generate some growth. But then really digging in, like we did at TLC, like we’ve done at ID and like we did at Discovery and we need to do again to continue to grow. We look at the marketplace and we think it’s really a function of us. There’s an opportunity for us despite what’s going on in the marketplace to grow these channels, and we just have to do as good of a job as we can, creating quality content.
Gunnar Wiedenfels : And then Drew, maybe from a financial perspective, one thing to keep in mind is the way I look at it is that Scripps essentially created a plain vanilla budget for the year knowing that we’re coming up on closing the transaction. So the Q1, “Scripps” stand-alone result is driven by increasing content and marketing expenses to sort of safeguard the asset. When I talked about the mid-single digit AOIBDA growth for the entire year earlier for the combined entity, that obviously includes the performance of the Scripps portfolio in the first quarter, and when it comes to an outlook for the rest of the year, clearly all those cost elements are part of our transformation initiatives, and we will look at everything. But it’s all baked into that mid-single digit growth guidance for AOIBDA.
Drew Borst : Great. Thanks. Really appreciate that. It’s helpful.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question will come from the line of Jessica Reif with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Jessica Reif : Thanks. I have two questions or two topics. First on the international, can you – Gunnar, you went so fast, I just – it sounds like the opportunity is rolling out Scripps content, and then also rebranding channels or creating new channels. I was hoping maybe you can give us more color on that, and are you planning on shutting down any channels? Can you size the opportunity and timing? And the second question is, David, talked a lot about, especially in your opening remarks about how the industry is changing which we all know. So if your leverage comes down to, let’s say, roughly the four times range by year-end 2018, our number, which may or may not be correct is 3 to 3.5 times year-end 2019. At what point would you consider making acquisitions or how do you think about the changing landscape, do you build or buy as your asset mix evolves?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Thanks, Jessica. So on international, you exactly pointed out the two most important levers. One is just lighting up the content in our global footprint, and as I said, we’ve been starting to create language versions for literally thousands of hours of content. We’ve put some stuff on air, but it’s very, very early days. But there will be different waves of rolling this out across the global footprint throughout the rest of the year, and we’ll keep you updated. And also programming teams in virtually all of our territories are looking at their programming strategy right now, and as for example in LatAm, there might be an opportunity to launch additional networks, create additional formats across territories. It’s early days still. We’re doing everything to get the stuff on air as quickly as possible. But it’s really too early to come up with any – very specific numbers here. On your question regarding leverage and capital allocation, so we will continue to follow the same logic that we have followed. Number one is the determination of our optimal leverage target range, and that continues to be at a 3 to 3.5 times leverage range. Number two is, we will then evaluate investment opportunities. We will continue to take a rigorous approach to make sure that we’re getting good returns, but we will make it a priority to grow the business. And number three is, we will continue to return excess capital to our shareholders through buybacks, and those will continue to be the priority, and as you rightly say, we’re at four times by the end of the year, so we should be breaking through the 3.5 times number during 2019. And that is exactly the logic that we will apply.
David Zaslav : And we are on a mission in terms of speed. We think having that free cash flow in hand and that flexibility is very important. We like our assets. But we want to get down to a point where we do have that flexibility of looking, of investing more, of buying more stuff, of buying back more of our stock, just having the full flexibility to use that, figuratively the bullets that we have as a result of being a company that’s generating so much free cash flow. And we do feel like pace is important, because with things moving in the marketplace, we could uniquely acquire, invest, or take advantage of what we see as an opportunity even within our own company.
Jessica Reif : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Q – Vijay Jayant : Thanks. Just want to follow-up on your comments, David, about the digital opportunity. Obviously Scripps is on Sling and Hulu, but Discovery is not on, I think you have a cash deal with DISH this year. How optimistic are you given the relationship Scripps has there to get the Discovery channels on that? And then just quickly, as you look to de-lever the balance sheet, some of your non-strategic assets I think like UKTV and Lionsgate, are those potentially for sale to expedite that process? Thanks so much.
A – David Zaslav: Okay. Thanks, Vijay. We don’t comment on deals. But we think that we have very strong quality channels. We think Scripps does too. And as some of these over-the-top bundles develop, we think we really are in the sweet spot, based on every survey of what people want, whether it’s Discovery’s number one or between ID, Food and HG, they tend to be either one, two and three or in the top three of the top five channels that people want. And we’re moving toward this point of instead of stuffing these bundles with what gets leveraged in through re-trans and sports to thinking about what’s going on everywhere else in the world, which is the way you build a product. What do people want? And we have a lot of the great content that people want and we’re investing in making it better. The other piece that’s important as you look at – as we look at where we are versus the marketplace is, you look at one side of the business with scripted and movies, and executing in a – with exceptional storytelling and they’ve attracted some of the best producers and writers. But it’s getting a lot more expensive. It’s getting a lot more crowded. And when you look at what are the offerings if you’re a consumer and you want to spend $10 or $15, what could you get aside from traditional cable? You get Netflix, movies and scripted. You get HBO, movies and scripted. STARZ and Showtime, movies and scripted. Amazon Prime, movies and scripted. And so when we look at what we have, we see all that as over there. I’ve said before, that’s kind of the ball at my kid’s soccer game, and everyone’s running over there. Well you look at the rest of the field and you say if you’re here in the U.S., or you’re anywhere in the world and you want to have, as Reed said years ago, Netflix doesn’t have everything, but there’s some – if you go there, there’s some good stuff that you’re going to like, and it’s going to nourish you. And if you just put together our entire portfolio which we own globally, and you said that we were going to offer that platform alone, we could do it with others, we could do it with a few others, we could do it with one of the broadcasters, we could do it with a broadcaster in each market, but let’s assume we did it just ourselves globally. What other company could offer a multitude of 18 brands, 10 of them that people know everywhere in the world, and offer it for less than any of those channels and have content whether you’re in Brazil, Mexico, Italy, Poland, the U.S., Canada, where you look at that content and you say there’s loads of characters, stories and brands that I love. And so when we look at the marketplace, we say – it was announced two weeks ago, there’s two players with over 100 million subscribers, Netflix and Amazon, and there’s a hunt including with Disney, fantastic company, they’re going to try, who’s going to be the next one to get to 100 million subscribers? I believe the next one to get to 100 million subscribers is not going to be another scripted and movie player, because there’s just too many of them. Oh, another one of those? What’s the difference, who has what scripted series. What we have is different. It’s quality. And what mom around the world wouldn’t say that they – and it’s safe, that they would want what we have to offer. And so as we look at how we go direct to consumer, going global or going regional, doing something with one of the [ph] big fang companies, doing something ourselves, all of that looks attractive to us, because we think the marketplace is very crowded, and that the understanding of what each of those means is melding together. And you’re starting to see a lot of the same stuff and we’re different.
Q – Vijay Jayant : Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with BTIG. Your line is now open.
Q – Rich Greenfield : Hi. Thanks for taking the question. A couple. As we look at the consolidation wave or maybe consolidation battles might be a better way of shaping it, there’s going to be a bunch of big companies that don’t win out on assets they’re trying to buy. And while you’ve talked about potential growth for Discovery, also wondering given that everyone seems focused on expanding outside of the slowing U.S. market into kind of the attractive overseas markets, what’s Discovery’s appetite to actually be consumed by one of these larger players? And then two, on AT&T Watch, during the trial a few weeks ago, Randall Stephenson essentially announced a product that’s coming, a sportsless bundle, that’s going to be free for probably 15 million, 20 million AT&T wireless subscribers. Wondering, David, is this the watershed moment for Discovery and the other non-sports cable network groups that you’ve been waiting for? And then just a little housekeeping point, Gunnar, you’ve mentioned that U.S. cable networks were actually helped a little bit by Food and by HGTV. Is there any way to look at what the organic growth rates were for the core Discovery networks?
A – Gunnar Wiedenfels : Yeah, let me start with that last question, so that was related to my comment on subscriber trend, again on a consolidated, full portfolio basis, same pattern as in previous quarters with 3% sub decline for the fully distributed nets, and then 5% for the full portfolio. And you can think about it this way, Food and HG have been contributing positively to that 3% decline for the fully distributed nets and for Discovery stand-alone if you look at the old legacy Discovery portfolio, the trend has been bang in line with what we’ve seen in previous quarters.
Q – Rich Greenfield: Thank you.
A – David Zaslav: On the question on AT&T, I don’t really want to comment on any specific company. AT&T is a great company. There are a lot of very strong multichannel to the home companies and they are listening to their consumers every day. I can’t predict whether the moment is now, but the moment is coming. Consumers can’t subsidize these massive sports rights anymore. It’s not fair. And we’re suffering from it. The idea that you have to pay so much money in order to get the bundle, it’s something I’ve been saying for years, I think it’s going to end. It will either be driven by one or two players moving quickly, and then others following or it will be driven by some of the entrepreneurial companies that are already popping up. But there’s no question in my mind, because it’s an outlier, you look at all the countries in the world and the skinny bundles and you see the ecosystem there in most countries healthier than we are, because we don’t have an offering for somebody that doesn’t have a lot of money. We don’t have an offering for someone that goes to college. Their only choice is to get Netflix. It’s not sensible that we have all these broadband subscribers, and that the only product that they’re offering now is Netflix. Why aren’t they offering products that they help develop or they invested in for all these years? And so I think sensibility will come to the marketplace. More importantly, consumers are going to get what they deserve, which is an entry level ability to have multichannel cable without subsidizing sports and paying a massive amount to get an entry. On the point of what’s happening in the marketplace, we love it, because we’ve been hanging out outside the U.S. for the last 25 years. It’s where I’ve spend most of my time. In Europe, we’re the largest pay-TV media company in the world. We have infrastructure, sales, content and marketing know-how, every country in the world. Our brands are everywhere. This has been a conviction driver of John Malone and of Bob Miron from the Newhouse family, before I even got here. It’s the heritage of our company that we’re taking these quality brands everywhere in the world. And so there have been times when it’s been lonely, and there have been time as we’ve been investing in growing our free-to-air in our brands and building our infrastructure all around the world where when we went into sports in Europe, people said what are they doing that for. Now, we’re the leader in sports. We’ve got so much success with the Olympics. We invested in Kids in Latin America where we’re bigger than Disney in Brazil. And we’ve been doing that all with an eye towards the, where is the ball going to be? And we think having this very big international business was quite clever and owning all this IP everywhere in the world globally is clever. And so when we see people fighting over Sky, that looks to us like hey, we’ve been there, we’re in business with Sky, we compete with Sky, we’re bigger than Sky on the content side in Italy, and it looks to us like the market is coming our way. And when great companies like Disney and Comcast are looking for scale, they’re going to look around and they’re going to find there’s very few companies that have scale. Our goal is to stay as we are right now, because we think we can generate huge free cash flow. We think that we’re right about these affinity brands that we own, that we can make the turn that people are going to want to buy it, whether it’s the big global companies or the regional companies. We saw it with T-Mobile, they’re starting to offer Netflix. When mobile companies around the world want to offer something special to de-commoditize their platform, we got a whole menu. Having said that, there’s nothing different that we would be doing as we look to create broad shareholder value and execute on this free cash flow machine that would be different. Whether it’s a year from now or four years from now, if we’re the leader in sports, if we’re the leader with international infrastructure and free cash flow and EBITDA and if we’re the leader in Kids, those are things that would be very attractive to us in terms of shareholder value. But it also would be on a parallel basis very attractive, because I don’t know that there’s another company that has that basket.
Q – Rich Greenfield: Sounds like it’s going to be a fun summer.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question will come from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Q – Alexia Quadrani : Hi, thank you. Scripps has historically been able to achieve relatively strong pricing in their flagship networks. I guess is there any color you can provide about how that may compare with some of your key networks, and the opportunity to leverage that strength? And is that what you’re referencing at least in part when you’re talking about already seeing some revenue synergies in this coming upfront?
A – Gunnar Wiedenfels : Sure. So, Alexia, that really was one of the most important points for us when we looked at Scripps last summer. If you look at the performance of the two portfolios, Scripps certainly has had a strength in their monetization of their ratings. If you look at it from a power ratio perspective, many people have done the math. They were at a 1.1 versus a 0.8 for us. That’s certainly something that we’re hoping to be able to get some benefits out of. And as David said earlier, the upfronts so far have been positive for us from a feedback perspective, it’s still early days from a negotiation perspective, but we do see a lot of interest and we have full confidence in Jon Steinlauf who has taken over the combined ad sales team, and that’s why I said, I do think that there is a nearer term revenue opportunity here, again, way too early to put some hard numbers against it, but we’re optimistic.
David Zaslav : There are some broad reach comparisons as with cable versus broadcast, that when you look at them, they just feel out of whack. With broadcast getting $45, $50 CPMs and cable really in the $10 to $20 CPM, and then you take a look at our ability to deliver across our women’s networks on any given night, a three rating, or on a good night, a four rating or a five rating. The ability for us to – the differentiation from the perspective of the advertiser was the ability to generate scale. Well – and to be able to have reach that’s compelling. We now have some very strong reach and we have some ability to really give detail on demographics and people that may be arguably are more engaged with our platforms than they are on a broader platform. And so we think that there’s some opportunity to make the argument that we have a very – that our audiences are even more valuable. It’s an argument that we would have been making before, and it’s an argument that we’ll make now.
Alexia Quadrani : Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Steve Cahall with Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is now open.
Steve Cahall : Thanks. Good morning. David, maybe one for you, and then Gunnar one for you as well. David, you’ve talked for a few quarters now about the global rights opportunity. I think it’s one of those issues where investors remain a little suspect until there’s a deal on the horizon. So can you get us any indication of whether or not you think you might be able to do a global deal here in the next year or two? And then Gunnar, just on the free cash flow side of things, there’s a few areas just because you ran through a lot, I want to make sure I understand. As we’re thinking about the bridge into next year, can you just help us with how much of the restructuring, again you’ll have this year versus the future years? And then also how the savings sort of stack up between 2018 versus the years beyond? Thanks.
David Zaslav : Thanks, Steve. It is a work in progress. We are [ph] IP long (52:32). We own all of our content on all platforms, and as much success as we have with the Olympics, and we had a lot of success, we really expected that most of the mobile players across Europe would – we have the rights to the rings, so we could provide the rights for mobile players to affiliate with the rings year-round. We could have provided a lot of exclusive content to different providers in the marketplace. It wasn’t quite ripe yet. But the idea that we own the Olympics for the next nine years, and we’ve had from the date that we did the deal 11 years to build around it is a, for us, we think a successful formula. And outside of the Olympics and Eurosport we own all of our content globally and we look at it really more in the long-term. But this – one of the big successes that we had with the Olympics was generating a half a million subscribers, paying for the Olympics in less than 10 days, and being able to build a platform that got top ratings and that generated 3,000 hours – over 3,000 hours of streaming and then ability to navigate and curate within that platform to very good reviews. And at the same time to provide content in over 20 languages in linear and on cable. So we certainly, more than any other company, know how to provide content in every language on multiple platforms. And what we learned about the Olympics is on a parallel track to what we’ve learned with the Eurosport Player, that people seem to be willing to pay and not churn out a lot on things that they’re really passionate about. So for the people that love the Olympics, they really want it. It’s one of the reasons why we’ve gone from the buffet which we still offer, to this idea, just like you buy a magazine for tennis or you buy a magazine for cycling, that we give you much more dense, much more IP, short form, long form within a specific area. And so we pass on a load of stuff, but we are on the hunt now with Food, with Home, with Cars, and we’re looking at what other opportunities are there globally to own IP for the long-term that we cannot only build a global platform, but monetize it. And we’ll be focused on what we pay for that IP, to make sure that we can generate global IP, but global IP that if we can get the turn, either through a global player or the regional player, that we can generate real value. Food and HG and Travel are three that we think we can globally take advantage of, but we are looking at loads of opportunities, but we’ve passed on a lot of them, because we’re looking for the right ones.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And then Steve, on the free cash flow, a couple of maybe clarifying comments on the synergy ramp-up. I want to make sure that you guys understand what we see as the potential, the $600 million plus. The timing of that is obviously still influx, right? And the delta is going to be, are we going to be able to get those numbers earlier or later. And that’s why I don’t want to give any very specific guidance for a fiscal year, which is a bit of a random cutoff. But if you look at the comments I made earlier, we’re looking at mid-single digit AOIBDA growth for the year, obviously that is to a large extent synergy driven and could be on the lower end if we’re slower, could be on the higher end if we’re faster. That’s the way to look at it. But either way, the lion’s share of the synergy is going to hit in 2019. So, if you go back to the free cash flow guidance I said $2.3 billion after the cash restructuring expenses. We’ve already paid out $70 million in the first quarter, and as I said, we do expect a slightly higher total restructuring number than we originally guided to. So let’s say maybe $400 million. And I would encourage you to put in about two thirds of that for the cash impact of 2018.
Steve Cahall : So, Gunnar, just if I understand that, I mean, we should have a pretty nice bridge in terms of synergy plus restructuring tailwind as we move into 2019. Is that correct? Am I thinking about that right?
Gunnar Wiedenfels : I agree.
Steve Cahall : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question will come from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Michael Nathanson: Thank you. David, I have two for you. One is on advertising, one’s on the Olympics. When you look at Scripps, one of the most amazing things was [ph] they had (57:23) really high commercial load per hour versus your own networks have a very low. So how do you see the balance of raising commercial loads maybe at your core networks versus reducing them at Scripps, and how you think about the right way to blend commercial minutes per content? And then I wondered now that you had the Olympics on the air, how do you feel about buying more soccer rights, where you don’t really have a nine year or 11 year hold on licenses? So can you contrast your sports appetite for maybe short-term soccer rights versus [ph] maybe rights (58:00) I don’t have those short-term cycles?
David Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. I don’t know if you timed this in some kind of a special way. But I think this is the second year in a row that I have to wish you a happy birthday.
Michael Nathanson: Yeah, thank you, David. [ph] You too David.
David Zaslav: I’ll call you later with my wish and you can give me your wish.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thank you. Thank you.
David Zaslav: On the Scripps side, one of the things that they did was their commercial load was very high, and their promo load was extremely low. We were the opposite. We have now the ability to promote across all of our networks. So this idea that on any given night we’re getting a 3 or a 4 or 4.5 in women, for instance, we now have the ability to use the promo, not only to promote a particular network, but if we have a great show it’ll be able to go across ID, OWN, TLC, HG, Food. And in fact, HG spent a lot of money buying local time on ID trying to get people to come over. And so we’re going to try and understand promo in the traditional sense, our unique ability to do promo across our channels to move people around, both to save dollars, but also to maximize the movement of audiences, and then the importance of fully monetizing our platform. We’ve also developed a lot of analytics that are quite important. We’re seeing, for instance, when we go on our GO platform and we can quantify what – the viewership in terms of length of view and age, we can get a dramatic increase in CPM with some of the analytics that we have in place now. We have an ability to get higher CPMs. And we look at what Viacom is doing. We’re doing a similar thing, maybe there’s an opportunity. We’re talking to them about maybe doing something with them. And so the net-net is we’re going to put it all together and we’ll figure out how do we maximize growth of our channels, taking advantage of the unique ability we have that no one else has to reach across all of our platforms and let people know. We’re even looking at this idea of not just promoting. But if somebody’s watching on HGTV and the next show coming up is a show that they don’t want to watch, what would normally happen is they’d go to their other five or six favorite channels. But can we alert people that are watching HG, here’s what’s coming up on Food, here’s what’s coming up on ID, TLC and OWN? We’re doing it in a pilot – on a pilot basis, but we think that reach could be successful for us or unique, at least, and we’re trying to figure out how we use it. On the Olympics, I think the Olympics is a great model for us. We own it on all platforms for over a decade. We could build expertise. We’ve got 0.5 million subscribers in direct-to-consumer this past time, what worked with Snap? What worked with Facebook? What’s the ceiling? Could we get 1 million next time? Could we get 2 million? How would we get it? What would we do differently? And so the ability to iterate is very, very important. For us, I think it’s unlikely that you’ll see us competing in these three-year cycles of football. To the extent that we do, it will be because we get – we have some unique opportunity. But look, the Bundesliga was difficult for us. And in that case, we paid almost no increase and it was difficult for us. And so it was a good experience and it led us with better IP to get into this joint venture with ProSieben. But it also taught us a lesson in what we do and what we can’t do. And so I think it’s unlikely, particularly when you’re competing with platform companies that are trying to build asset value on the back of that IP and are willing to lose money on it. And so I think we’re going to stick to our knitting which is let others pay a lot for that kind of IP. And if we could own all the other sport at low single or reduced rates or high single in some cases, if we think the IP is great for extended periods of time, and that’s what we’ve been doing, much, much longer renewals, because we have something very unusual with Eurosport. We’re the only Pan-European player. That’s what we’re going to go. And the Olympics just added to that [ph] Patina (01:02:45). The IOC couldn’t have been happier. And so is there an opportunity for more Olympics in the future? Maybe. Our relationship with Bach is extremely strong. And is there an opportunity to get more IP? Well, if anybody was thinking, who should I be in business with in Europe in sport, as more and more leagues and IP owners that are saying they want to be in business with us.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from the line of John Janedis with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
John Janedis : Hi. Thank you. David, maybe a bit of a follow-up. In the past, you’ve talked about improve [ph] monetization (01:03:25) as revenue driver for ID. And I was wondering, are you at a point now that it starts to accelerate with Scripps, because I think in the past you talked about an opportunity maybe in the hundreds of millions, and so I’m wondering does that still hold?
David Zaslav: Well, we were on a mission with Scripps with – before Scripps with ID, because it’s the number one cable channel in America for women. Just to take a victory lap for Henry Schleiff and his team, the last fully distributed top 10 network in America was in the, it was History and I was on the Board of that and FOX News. And seven years later, eight years later, we launched ID and then Henry and his team come onboard, and it’s now the number one cable network in America. It’s loved. Its length of view is the same length of view or more than FOX News. And so we have been on a mission for the last couple of years to say that we should be getting more value for that great audience and for the type of audience that we generate in daytime, in late night, in prime, and the numbers only keep growing. And so now as we have a bigger menu and we’re going into the marketplace, and we have Jon Steinlauf running our operation, who had an ability to generate higher CPMs across the board at Scripps, got a better power ratio than we did, we hope that some of his know-how, his relationships and his unique approach will help ID as well as the rest of our channels.
John Janedis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude your program. You may you all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrew T. Slabin - Discovery Communications, Inc. David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc. Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.
Analysts: Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Mark Kelley - BTIG LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Full Year and Q4 2017 Discovery Communications Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Mr. Andrew Slabin, EVP, Global Investor Strategy. You may begin, sir.
Andrew T. Slabin - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications' full year and fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we will open the call up for your questions. Please keep to one question if you can, so we can accommodate as many as possible. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumption about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2016, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Yesterday, we received some good news. We spoke to the DOJ and they told us that we have been given clearance to move forward with our acquisition of Scripps Networks Interactive, and last night, we received the formal letter from the DOJ. With our EC approval and DOJ clearance in hand, we expect this transformative merger to close sooner than expected, within the next two weeks. Discovery, with our collection of global IP, brands and strength in non-fiction, kids and sports globally, together with Scripps channels and global content; we will be a formidable and differentiated company in the marketplace. In bringing together Scripps and Discovery's suite of world class brands, content and talent, our company will have the ability to reach viewers and fan groups around the globe on every screen and service across every format, accelerating our pivot to becoming a stronger global IP company with more direct-to-consumer content that can offer advertisers and distributors a high quality and engaged audience at real scale. As new and deep pocketed players enter the scripted market, the competition and cost to create quality content has become intense, with over 500 scripted projects competing in the marketplace this year alone. This creates a high stakes game, which not everyone can win. That side of scripted television and scripted movies, that's not us. We're on the other side of the ledger. We've always kept a keen eye on our production expenses and are proud of our efficiently run, low cost, global content engine. In the non-fiction space, we're strong. It's what we do. We tell great stories with great characters and we take that content around the world. We don't do red carpets or fancy openings. We stay focused on real life entertainment, non-fiction, kids and sports. And with the combination of Scripps, fully aligned with that strategy, our content will be further differentiated, supported by a more attractive production cost basis, our global IP ownership and category leadership around relevant and valuable content verticals. Simply stated, I love our hand. Further, our significantly enhanced cash flow position will also provide increased flexibility to pay down debt, buy back shares when we are able, and where it makes strategic and financial sense, to invest in assets that help accelerate our digital transformation and global leadership in real life entertainment. In an environment where we can't control everything, this cash flow and this opportunity to grow cash flow becomes a strategic asset that strengthens our position in a meaningful way. Ahead of the closing, we have taken parallel steps to optimize the geographic footprint, cost basis, and core focus of our new company. In January, we announced a new real estate strategy, which will see the development of a new global headquarters in New York, the closure and sale of our current global headquarters in Silver Spring, Maryland, and, upon closure, the creation of a national operations headquarters at Scripps' current campus in Knoxville, Tennessee. The more familiar we have become with Scripps and the identification of new initiatives for the combined company, the more we feel like we are just beginning to scratch the surface of what's possible with this combination. We have full confidence in the $350 million in cost synergies we estimated last July, which look increasingly conservative based on our latest analysis, and we look forward to providing you with greater transparency on synergy from the transaction in the future as we get our hands on more data and get a closer look at what the Scripps company looks like aligned with us. In addition to our real estate strategy, yesterday we announced the sale of a controlling interest in our Education business to Francisco Partners, a leading technology-focused private equity firm for cash consideration of $120 million and future brand licensing payments. Much like our plan to close Silver Spring, decisions like these are not easily made. However, what I hope you will take away from these decisions is that we are sharpening our focus. We are on a clear and defined path, and we are taking every step necessary to position our business for efficiency and long-term sustainable growth. We are laser-focused on making the combined entity a success, and we're taking the necessary action to make sure it happens. Let me now talk about another exciting event for Discovery that has been years in the making. The recently completed Olympic Games, where Eurosport was Europe's home to the Winter Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, for the past several weeks. I am proud to report that we succeeded in our goal of making this the most digitally expansive and accessible Olympics in Europe yet, as we aired every minute of every competition leveraging our broadcast networks, our Eurosport pay-TV channels, the Eurosport Player, our direct-to-consumer platform in the Nords called Dplay and the Eurosport app and websites. The team did an extraordinary job and delivered record ratings across our linear services, drove significant OTT subscriber gains, which I'll talk about in a little while, and truly innovated in the production of the Games through a sophisticated operation across 48 markets in 22 languages with flawless technological execution. The Eurosport brand has never been so strong or vibrant. And our alignment of the Discovery brand, the Eurosport brand and the Olympic rings has been realized. In total, we delivered 4.5 billion video views and 1.7 billion hours of video to a cumulative 386 million users over the course of the Games, with Discovery and Eurosport's digital and social platforms, including Eurosport Player, reaching an incredible 76 million viewers. And we broke a number of our own records, achieving more than a 90% TV audience share in Sweden and Norway. In total, approximately 58% of the population in Europe watched the Games on free-to-air and pay-TV in our top 10 markets across Europe. These impressive metrics are testament to our unmatched expertise as a global IP company in leveraging great content around the world and across multiple languages, regions and technology. This is who we are, this what is we do, and nobody does it better. Most importantly, as we begin to assess the halo generated by the Olympics, we believe we've taken some major steps forward in the execution of our digital strategy. Ahead of the Olympics, we surpassed the 1 million subscriber threshold for the Eurosport Player, our sports Netflix product. And since then, we expanded the combined reach of our Eurosport and Dplay direct-to-consumer offerings by almost 0.5 million subscribers during the period of the Olympic Games. While some of these subscribers will likely turn off in the weeks and months ahead, we feel great about the added brand awareness and engagement we've achieved with passionate sports fans across the region. As well as an opportunity to cultivate these connections going forward. We have their names, we have their credit cards, and most importantly, we have the data on the sports that they've watched and what they're passionate about. In addition, for example, Olympics related sporting events such as the Biathlon, Eliteserien football in Norway, the French Open and continued Bundesliga coverage, there was a game last night, are but a few of the many strong content offerings providing us with a healthy tailwind to follow up behind our strong Olympic digital performance. As I think about our direct-to-consumer growth, I can't think of another company or any offering or platform that has been able to garner almost 0.5 million subscribers in less than 15 days. It's quite an achievement. And to have a platform that delivered flawlessly almost 3,000 hours of long-form content, as well as almost 700 short-form pieces of content distributed, produced, and executed daily in multiple languages. It was a great accomplishment for our team and our company, and it builds our confidence as we look to take our IP to every platform and every device around the world. Clearly, achieving this growth hasn't been easy, and it has challenged us to embrace new and differentiated skill sets from the ones that have provided us with so much success in the traditional B2B ecosystem for so many years. We're excited with the traction we are making as a direct-to-consumer company and the learning experience the Olympics has provided to us to leverage our scale in a more impactful way. Moreover, an additional and more recent benefit of having a broader digital footprint is the breadth and depth of consumer usage data, which is proving to be invaluable as we push for greater scale and our long-term goal of trying to identify what nourishes consumers and how best for us to reach them. Outside of the player, our journey to build a portfolio of direct-to-consumer businesses that leverage our global IP is moving steadily forward. Building on the initial success and learnings provided by Dplay, our GO apps here in the U.S., and more recently Motor Trend OnDemand, which is gaining super momentum in its core vertical. Motor Trend is a powerful brand and I believe we can be a strong leader in nourishing passionate fans in the large auto category across linear, digital and mobile. We now enjoy a very solid platform and we are integrating nicely with Velocity, Turbo, DMAX and our other auto brands around the globe. There's ample room for us to grow and expand, and we're working hard to do it. Thanks for your time this morning. I'll now turn it over to Gunnar for a closer look at the quarter and the full year.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks, David, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Let me now walk through our fourth quarter and full year financial results. While our industry continues to evolve at a rapid pace, 2017 was an exciting year for Discovery and we ended the year on a high note operationally, with solid global ad and distribution revenue growth and continued strong cost management. For the full year, Discovery achieved both of our total company guidance metrics, with 16% full year adjusted EPS growth. This metric excludes currency effects and non-cash European goodwill write-down, which I will discuss more later, and Scripps transaction costs and was at the high-end of our guidance range of low to mid-teens. And 25% full year free cash flow growth including currency effects and Scripps transaction costs, well ahead of our guidance of at least 10%. Looking at the rest of our full year results, our total company reported revenues and adjusted OIBDA were up 6% and 5% respectively. And on an organic basis or excluding the impact of foreign currency, as well as the impact from The Enthusiast Network or TEN, as well as OWN, which we began consolidating in December of last year, total company revenues and adjusted OIBDA both grew 4%. Organic costs were up 4%, with 7% cost of revenue growth and flat global SG&A, as we remain hyper focused on controlling non-content costs. So in 2017, we were again able to deliver solid financial results, while at the same time investing in new areas of growth to strengthen our global content platforms and brands. Full year net income available to Discovery Communications grew 10% excluding currency, Scripps transaction costs and the goodwill write down, mostly driven by improved operating results and the net positive impact from our solar deals, which helped reduce our book tax rate to 15% excluding the impact of the goodwill write down. Turning to the operating units, full year U.S. revenues excluding the impact of OWN and TEN increased 3% led by 4% distribution growth, in line with our guidance of mid-single-digit growth. As noted in previous Quarterly Reports, growth was primarily due to increases in affiliate rates, as well as increases in content licensing revenues, partially offset by declines in subscribers. Advertising revenues increased 2% excluding OWN, TEN and the deconsolidation of Seeker and SourceFed, which we contributed to Group Nine at the end of 2016. Full year U.S. adjusted OIBDA grew 5% excluding the impact of OWN, TEN and Group Nine, as costs were up only 1%. Turning to the International segment. For 2017, currently was actually a slight tailwind. So, while constant currency revenues and adjusted OIBDA were up 7% and 3% respectively, reported revenues and adjusted OIBDA were up 8% and 3%. For comparability purposes, all of my International comments today will refer to our organic results, so will exclude the impact of currency. Full year affiliate growth was 9% and full year International advertising grew 3% as all regions grew except for Asia, our smallest ad market, which declined low single digits. Focusing now on our fourth quarter results. Total company revenues excluding the impact of currency, as well as TEN and OWN grew 5% and adjusted OIBDA growth accelerated to 9%. Looking at our individual operating units, our U.S. Networks grew revenues 3% on an organic basis or excluding the impacts of OWN and TEN. Distribution revenue grew 3% driven by increases in affiliate rates, partially offset by a decline in subscribers. And this quarter, other distribution revenues did not contribute meaningfully to growth as compared to the prior quarter when we recognized unusually large contributions. Delving further into the drivers of U.S. affiliate, fourth quarter subscriber trends were in line with third quarter trends. Subscriber trends at our top networks like Discovery and TLC, which are driving the lion's share of our economics, were consistent with the second quarter and the third quarter with subs again declining 3% year-over-year. And driven by steeper declines at our smaller nets, total portfolio subs in the fourth quarter declined by 5% year-over-year, also consistent with third quarter trends. Fourth quarter U.S. advertising revenues were up 3% excluding OWN, TEN and Group Nine, primarily due to continued strength at TLC and ID, and continuing improvement in the monetization of our GO platform, partially offset by overall lower linear delivery due to continued universe declines. Fourth quarter domestic adjusted OIBDA was up 4%, excluding the impact of OWN, TEN and Group Nine with operating expenses up only 1%. Turning to our organic International results. Fourth quarter advertising growth of 5% was ahead of our guidance of around flat led by stronger than expected volume and pricing across key markets in Europe, as well as higher volumes in Latin America. Our 10% affiliate growth was driven by another quarter of solid pricing growth in Europe as we continue to benefit from successfully leveraging our expanded content portfolio that includes sports to drive higher contracted pricing step-ups, as well as a new licensing deal in Asia. Turning to the cost side. Operating costs were up 7% in the fourth quarter, driven solely by sports and related production expenses, leading to 12% adjusted OIBDA growth. Before I share some color on our financial outlook, I would like to address the $1.3 billion non-cash goodwill impairment charge we took for our European reporting unit. We have included a comprehensive description of the technical approach and the context in our earnings release and I'm happy to delve in deeper in our Q&A session. Let me just make a few comments to position this charge. First, remember, as all goodwill impairments, this is a non-cash accounting charge. Second, for the two-step approach to impairment testing, a comparably smaller change in the fair value of our European reporting unit over the past year has led to a fundamental revaluation of the goodwill in that unit, driven by the specifics of purchase price accounting. Number three, we have been conservative in not opting to early adopt the new accounting standard effective from 2018 onwards, which would have led to an approximate $100 million impairment instead of the $1.3 billion impairment that we booked. So, as a result of this larger impairment, the book value of the European reporting unit is now showing a substantial cushion of $1.1 billion post the impairment. Recent operational performance in Europe has been encouraging with strong revenue growth in the fourth quarter and very positive feedback from consumers, advertisers and the press on our execution of the 2018 Olympic Games. As we look out, we remain optimistic about the growth of this region's business with the Olympics breathing additional energy and value into our portfolio of brands and we are also seeing real momentum behind our Eurosport Player and Dplay direct-to-consumer platforms. Finally, please remember that we performed this test at the end of 2017. That means on the basis of Discovery standalone, we have not factored in any of the potential future financial impact from integrating Scripps' European business. So, now that I have reviewed the highlights of our 2017 results, let me share some forward-looking commentary for 2018. With our Scripps deal not having closed yet, we don't believe it would be helpful to comment on Discovery's standalone financials for the full year 2018 at this point. Of course, we expect significant change for the merged entity through the integration and transformation post-closing, which is expected to occur within the next month. Naturally, deal synergies will alter the growth trajectory of the combined company and we intend to focus on pro forma results post-close as standalone Discovery metrics will no longer be relevant. For now, from a high-level perspective, we're expecting all key financial metrics for Discovery standalone, so revenues, adjusted OIBDA, and free cash flow to grow in 2018 versus 2017 on both a reported basis and organic basis, so excluding the impacts from currency and the TEN and OWN transactions. We expect another year of significant free cash flow growth coming off a very strong 2017, even before layering in any potential synergies from the merger. This free cash flow increase will be driven by profit growth, increasing content efficiency, improvements in working capital and a small upside from tax reform. We will provide greater transparency post-close. I would also like to provide some additional color on the quarterly cadence around projected 2018 standalone Discovery adjusted OIBDA growth. Adjusted OIBDA growth will primarily be second half weighted given the timing of content spend, and particularly, the Olympics. The first quarter will see an organic adjusted OIBDA decline in the lower double digits or low teens range given the timing of Olympics related revenues and costs. With the Olympic Games having just ended, I can offer some additional clarification with respect to our prior commentary. As we have said before, the Olympics will be around breakeven for full year 2018 and are expected to be cash flow positive over the life of the rights through 2024. However, it is important to keep in mind the timing of revenue and cost recognition. For the 2018 Games that just ended, total costs of around $240 million, $140 million for the rights and $100 million for production and other expenses, will largely all be recognized and expensed in the first quarter when the Games were aired. Conversely, note that only a portion of the corresponding revenues will be recognized in the first quarter, namely the sublicensing revenues, which account for over half of total Olympics related revenues and the advertising revenues, which is the smallest piece primarily given time zone differences and the fact that a considerable amount of the viewing takes place on our sublicenses broadcast networks. The rest of the revenues, i.e. the associated effect of linear and digital affiliate revenues, will be spread out throughout the year and benefits non-Olympics years as well. As we have stated before, the Games have helped us secure higher rates for our linear distribution deals across our entire portfolio, and depending on when these deals were renegotiated, affiliate fees will have been positively impacted, both prior to the Games, as well as post the Games. As noted, we have also seen real momentum on the Eurosport Player, aided by the exposure from the Games. As such, we anticipate that having greater awareness of the Player and continuity of content will help drive new subscribers to the platform post the Games. I would also like to remind you that our Olympics monetization model is very different from the U.S. model, which is more dependent on ratings and advertising versus our model. I would also like to provide some color around the financial impact from the consolidation of OWN beginning in December 2017. Contributions from OWN are initially expected to be around $75 million to $85 million of revenues per quarter. At a similar advertising versus affiliates, but as our overall business, though at a much lower margin than our U.S. Networks given OWN has more scripted programming, which is far more expensive than our average cost per hour and have been operating as a standalone network. With two-thirds of the first quarter now under our belt, I will also give some color around our four key revenue drivers on a standalone basis for the first quarter 2018, which is expected to be the last quarter without owning Scripps for the full quarter. On an organic basis – so excluding the impacts from currency, OWN, and TEN; first for U.S. advertising despite a small negative impact from the Olympics, growth is expected to be up at low to mid-single digits in the first quarter, driven by continued pricing increases and the continued monetization of our digital and GO products. Second, first quarter U.S. affiliate growth is expected be up low single digits. Recall that given the timing and schedule of our affiliate renewals, we will not have a meaningful average step-up in pricing in 2018 as the only affiliate renegotiation we had at the end of 2017 was our smaller FiOS deal. Accordingly, despite what was a very favorable negotiation with FiOS, average price increases on a per sub basis will be up less in 2018 versus 2017, as compared to 2017 versus 2016. I would also note that the rest of the year's quarterly cadence will depend on subscriber trends and the year-over-year impact from other digital licensing revenues. Third, International advertising growth is expected to be up high single to low double digits, driven by the contributions from the Olympics in Europe. And finally, International affiliate growth will be similar to the fourth quarter of 2017. Overall trends remain consistent, and in Q1, we will again benefit from contributions from the Asian licensing deal that contributed to growth in Q4 2017. I will also again quantify the expected foreign exchange impact on our 2018 results. At current spot rates, FX is expected to be a nice tailwind and will positively impact revenues by approximately $120 million to $130 million, and positively impact adjusted OIBDA by approximately $45 million to $55 million versus our 2017 reported results. Now, taking a look at our overall financial position, we bought back a total of $603 million worth of shares during 2017, as we suspended our buyback program after announcing the Scripps transaction. Please note that as it pertains to the collar associated with the Scripps acquisition, we will either use cash to satisfy the collar, or if we issue stock we will buy back a similar amount so we intend not to issue any additional shares on a net basis. As we stated beyond that, until our gross leverage ratio is back within our target range of 3 times to 3.5 times, we will continue to allocate virtually all of our free cash flow towards paying down debt. And as David mentioned, our new real estate strategy, the Education sale further support our ability to bring leverage into our target range by the end of 2019 at the latest. In closing, as we prepare to combine our companies, we are all increasingly confident that our original target of $350 million of cost synergies within two years of closing the deal will prove to be very conservative. We are extremely optimistic about this powerful combination, which will allow us to accelerate the transformation of our business, drive free cash flow and ultimately generate significant long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you again for your time this morning, and now David and I will be happy to answer any questions that you may have.
Operator: Our first question comes from Steven Cahall with Royal Bank of Canada.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. So, maybe just the first question around the synergy. We've seen a lot of media companies recently talk about using tax reform to increase their content investment. David, you've said that you have a lot of confidence, and it sounds like maybe there's some upside to that synergy number. So, between your debt paydown and investing back in the business, how do you think about allocating a lot of that savings? And then, secondly on the advertising side, it looks like the Q1 pacing both domestic and international is pretty strong. So, can you give us any more color on what you're seeing in those markets, maybe from a pricing perspective to indicate the health in advertising? Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Steven. Well, first, on the advertising market. It remains I would say pretty steady, maybe leaning a little bit toward, maybe a little improved versus the fourth quarter, but not a big difference. But pricing is good, volume is good. So, we see the market as being steady to maybe a little bit stronger. Remember, in the first quarter, we have the Olympics. So, even with the Olympics, seeing what we're seeing, it may be behind that there's a little more strength. We'll just have to see. On the synergy, as Gunnar and I said, we haven't been able to get too close because we've been going through this process, but the more that we look at Scripps, the stronger the synergies are. So, we think $350 million is very conservative. Just conceptually, this is a one over one transaction. When I was at NBC and we acquired Universal, there was a movie business, there was a theme park business. So, there were businesses that we didn't understand and we weren't in, and then there was the cable business. For us here, we're in the free-to-air and cable business around the world. So, we have 12 channels. They have six channels here in the U.S. And so, everything we do, they do. And so it's one over one. So, in terms of our ability to take that IP around the world, to put these channel factories together, to launch new channels with their IP, and to take that IP around the world and put it on platforms, we have people in place and competency to do that in every language. And so, the more we look at it, the more we see on the cost side, real optimism. Having said that, we haven't included at all our revenue synergy; and so, the idea of what could these companies when you put them together be. And one of the things that we've looked at in terms of really getting ready, locked and loaded is the global piece of this. We look at the Scripps IP and we see that really hasn't been deployed outside the U.S. And in fact, outside of their Polish asset, they were losing a substantial amount of money internationally. And that was probably one of the biggest surprises we saw. So, the idea that we have infrastructure all over the world, we've already started to take a look at their best content, and we think that that's a piece that we can move pretty quickly on. But – and we'll keep you posted. We do expect to invest a significant amount of money. So, we look at over-delivering. We look at providing revenue synergy of real scale. And then, we're going to be investing in this pivot where we're starting to see real momentum. Today, we have Group Nine. We're the leader in short-form content. We have several hundred people working there, doing short-form. We have a few hundred people working for us doing short-form in the car area. What areas of content IP are going to accelerate our growth in the future and deal with this terminal value issue of having us long-term growing and important on every platform. And so, our direct marketing business will grow. Buying more IP to strengthen our direct-to-consumer business and buying more IP to strengthen our position if we want to go with our own skinny bundle or go with others. And so, you should expect that we will reinvest, but we will reinvest for growth. The left side of our company is cost. The right side is growth. That growth is IP. It's direct marketing. It's skinny bundle. And it's technology.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And, Steven, maybe if I can add a couple of points from the financial perspective. I think it's worth taking a look at the 2017 numbers. If you look at the development of our cost base, you'll see that we've grown cost of revenues at 7%, while we've kept SG&A flat. And I mean, I think that underscores how we're looking at the business. We have invested into content and we will continue to do so. As I said in my speech, I am pretty optimistic when it comes to cash flow for 2018. Tax reform certainly is going to be a helper here. And I also think we can be even more efficient on our content investments. So, those are two additional points I would make from a financial perspective.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Gunnar made the point that we're going to have our eyes on and we'll be pointing it out to you regularly, free cash flow. We think that putting these two companies together, we're a free cash flow machine. And in a difficult environment, as I've said before, we have – we built the moat and we have an opportunity to double our free cash flow, very quickly. And we're getting rid of other assets that we don't think that we need, and we'll use that to pay down, so that we can get ourselves in a position where we could start deploying capital to buy back our stock, to invest in the future. So, we're quite bullish.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a couple. Given the changing landscape, actually global landscape, with Disney-Fox and potentially Comcast Sky today, can you talk about other areas of potential interest outside the U.S.? And then, the second question is given there's so many changes in the industry, again, globally, given the newer competition in global platforms from Netflix or Amazon, how are you thinking differently about either programming or marketing on a global basis?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jessica. Let me deal with the second one first. This is a different world. Before, we generated content, we put it on our cable and free-to-air channels and we did deals with our cable and satellite distributors. Now we're doing business with the mobile players as well, as we look to create content on the mobility platform. But we have four big global platform companies now; Apple, Amazon, Google, Facebook – five – and Netflix. And that matters. They're in business with customers. And they're all in slightly different businesses, but they're quite compelling. They're very good at what they do. And there's opportunities for us to either compete with them or to piggyback on those platforms. When we look at a lot of those platforms, we think there's very few media companies in the world that have global content in every language and brand that are loved and characters that are loved everywhere in the world. So, if Amazon or Apple or there was a company – if Facebook wanted to do a deal with a media company and they wanted to hit a button and offer it globally, we're one of the few companies that could do that with brands that will delight and be pulled through by customers. So, I guess that would be piece number one. The other is that – and I alluded to this – we really see the industry now is dividing. The right side of the industry is Netflix and Amazon. And they get value differently and they're really in the scripted series and scripted movie business. And if you look at them, they're becoming more and more commoditized. There's some of the – a lot of the movies that you see on one, you see on another. And then, there's HBO, and then there's Showtime, and then there's all of these aggregators. We understand looking at what Rupert is doing. You look at 21st Century Fox and where they are in the pyramid, and how they get valued versus some of these other players. That side, for someone that wants to get scripted and movies and get nourished when they're hanging out before class or during the day or at night or on a weekend, that's over on the right side. We have a very compelling offering that's completely differentiated from that. We have some of the most quality brands on TV. And you take a look at what people do when they can choose anything, they spent a lot of time looking at our kind of content. And we've got a very strong position. We own all of it and we're differentiated. And so, we look at everybody and we see that right side as being almost like a kid's soccer game. Everyone's over at that ball. And we're in our own position over here. And we think we have something that no one else has. Plus, as people look for content to provide value and service, they're not going to get value and service by watching The Crown. They're going to love The Crown for $13 million an hour, but they're not going to get value and service. When you look at food, when you look at home and decorating, when you look at cars, when you look at science, as people start to use their phones and devices to be entertained, but also to be inspired and to learn, we have a lot of brands that will provide real service on all platforms going forward and we own all that IP. So, we think more and more we look like we're on a different road than that crew on the right and we're happy about that. Finally, I just think the changing landscape is an affirmation of our strategy over the last 12 years that I've been here. When I got here, 10% of our company was international. We made less than $100 million outside the U.S. We're now the leader in pay-TV globally. We have 12 channels in 220 countries. We have free-to-air channels in a load of Europe. We're the leader in sports in Europe. We own all of our IP. Our board has been supportive of this idea of owning all of our IP for all platforms. We're way IP long, which we think in the long run for long-term growth is the right play. And when we see Comcast and Brian coming in and making a move on Sky and we see Disney talking about the importance of international IP and international diversification, we say we completely agree with that. And it makes us feel like a lot of what we did and have been doing and how we've been differentiating makes us more valuable and more important. And we expect there will be more consolidation. There's going to be a race to try and be more global, to own more IP, to have some stuff that's going to work on mobile. We've been doing that for four or five years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Nollen with Macquarie.
Tim Nollen - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. Wanted to ask something about OTT strategy and distribution as well. You alluded a couple of times now to some other distribution. You seem to be one of the few that has not really gone after a direct-to-consumer strategy in the U.S. I wonder if this is something that could be possible. And you mentioned couple of times just now mobile. I wonder if there's something you could discuss about mobile distribution given some of the alignments that we're starting to see between content and mobile carriers. And then one other very, very small question, regarding the Scripps transaction. I believe there's a put option by UKTV there. I wonder if there's any comment on that, and if that factors into the closing here? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Tim. Just on the OTT side. When you put our channels together with Scripps, we have a lot of quality services. We have a breadth of family channel offerings and we have something that's differentiated. The good news is that there are some skinny bundles that are starting to happen. Charter launched one, DIRECTV NOW is growing. We don't see any reason – we're fully supportive of those. We don't see any reason why we can't ourselves together with others continue to seed or grow that market. We think that there's a big need in the U.S. for a low priced entry product. And we'll be – after we close on Scripps, we'll be looking very hard at what we have ourselves and we'll be talking to customers about what kind of opportunity there is to create an offering either ourselves or with others. So, I think we will be looking hard at that domestically and internationally. We could create a pretty compelling offering for $6, $7, $8 that would look a lot different than Amazon Prime, a lot different than Netflix, and it could be very attractive in every language globally. So, we'll keep our eye on that. On mobile, it's just common sense. Facebook had this moment where they made that pivot. We – if you take a look at everything we've bought and everything we're doing, it's really this idea that we have to be on screens. And, yes, we believe that traditional business is going to continue to be there for us, and we think we can continue to grow that business globally. And outside the U.S., the business in many markets is much healthier than it is here. And there are many markets where the traditional business is still growing. But you look at the U.S. and you look at a great company like AT&T with over 100 mobile screens. Verizon, over 100 million mobile screens. You look at Vodafone in Europe, Deutsche Telekom, Telecom Italia. We're talking to every one of those, and the secret source hasn't happened yet, but every one of them together with us, is looking at what kind of content will people want to consume on mobile. What will differentiate or de-commoditize those mobile players. And we now have a full menu. And we need to work on some of those recipes, but if you want women, we have women. If you want men, we have men. If you want cars, we've got cars. You want food, you want home, you want Oprah, so we have a lot of stuff and we do think pivoting to mobile and devices is a very key element to us emerging as a very different media company that's around for a long time.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And Tim, on UKTV, it's true, there is an obligatory put that's change of control trigger. I think the market would agree, it's a quality asset and we haven't closed the deal yet, so we'll figure it out. But from a financial perspective, worst case if we have to put the asset, then that will lead to faster de-levering because we'll get the fair market value. So, let's cross the bridge when we reach it.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And we have a very good relationship with the BBC, long-standing. Tony Hall, who runs BBC, is a wonderful man, very talented. He and I are close friends. We haven't talked about this because we haven't closed yet, but we have been in discussions about a lot of things where there are things we can do for them and there are things that BBC could do for us. We've had that kind of relationship in the past. And I think with UKTV, it's another piece of the puzzle, and we'll figure out – I think we'll figure something out together that's mutually beneficial.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein.
Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks. Hey, David, if you don't mind, you've used some of my favorite words this morning; terminal value and moats. And so, if you don't mind, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this. If you think – and let's just keep it to the U.S. I know it's a big world, but for the U.S., when you think about the world as it would exist for you five years from now, is your view more that the decline of linear audience and ad supported audiences will find a floor and settle down, and sort of be stable, and therefore you'll be okay? Or is your view more that, no, those declines in viewership, at least linearly, will keep going down, but it's okay because you'll make it up in price on advertising and subscription fees and that's how you'll maintain stability or growth? Or is your view that no, that will keep going down, but we'll replace it with some of these things you've said like mobile and OTT and make that trigger point change? And I guess depending on which of those views you have, how do you determine like when you would make those sort of strategic changes and what that could do to accelerate the other dynamics going on with your linear business, if you follow? Just love to hear your thoughts on that. Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Todd. First, I hate to talk about the U.S. because that's how you guys look. I think in general, people see us and they see what we do in the U.S. Nobody does what we do outside the U.S. where we're in 50 languages and we're a leader with channels and brands, and relationships with users everywhere in the world, and more and more our leadership in sports in Europe and our leadership with kids in Latin America is an important piece of our company, as we see sports and kids being first movers to direct-to-consumer and first movers with a lot of the more scalable platforms in those markets. But, look, we have no idea. That's the honest answer. We don't know what's going to happen. Personally, I'm optimistic. I think that the U.S. is slowed down because of our behavior because of the rational behavior and overleveraging of sports and retrans. You and I have talked about it a lot. And I think finally, as you start to see declines in the U.S. that look nothing like anywhere else the world, where things are much more steady and younger people are still in many cases subscribing to cable even though they're also subscribing to Netflix and other products. And it's because it's so expensive here, it's $100. And so, when you see Charter launching a less expensive bundle, when you see Philo, when you see AT&T starting to be aggressive with DIRECTV NOW; all those things are encouraging. My own view is if there were skinny bundles out there, we'd probably be flat to slightly up as an industry, and we would be embracing a lot more younger people. But I'm not in control of that. We think we can have more of an impact because we're getting impatient. So, to the extent that the distributors don't do it, we may just do it ourselves. We may do it ourselves with others. But I kind of put that on the left. We can't control that. What we can control, which is important, is the cost of our business. Unlike that right side I was talking about where there was 200 scripted series a few years ago and now there's 500, you've got to pay more for the writers, more for the talent. It's – who's going to get them? Is it going to go to Amazon? Is it going to Netflix? Is it going to HBO? Is it going to Showtime? Is it – is it going to go to the big networks to support their broadcast platform? There's a – the cost of that content is going up. We don't see that on our side. We have full command and control of our content. We don't see the cost going up. In fact, we think there is some real cost efficiencies because a lot of the brands that we have, whether it be Travel and Discovery, there's an ability to maybe use content or promote content from one to another. So, we think we have a much better cost model, with our average cost $400,000 and the average cost of scripted $5 million. But what we really did here was we bought ourselves – when I say a moat, it's because basically the Scripps deal for all of our strategic advantage, which we believe is significant, for all of our revenue opportunity, which we think could be significant, we basically bought free cash flow. That's what we did. And in a turbulent and uncertain time, to have global diversification, to have more scale and to be in a position where no matter what happens over the next two to three years, if we execute ourselves, we can grow our free cash flow and we can go from fourth gear to fifth gear – we can just say we're going, and just move the gear and we can generate accelerating free cash flow, even in an environment where there's secular decline advancement. And so, our ability to double our free cash flow, it's in our own hands. And so I think, we are now unique in that, before we were on a boat and that boat was on – there was a current and we were along with everybody. But now with Scripps, at least for the next two to three years we got a new engine. And we can decide how hard we want to push it. But we think it steadies us and we're going to focus on doubling our free cash flow. And it gives us plenty of time. And finally, what do we spend our money on? There's a lot of stuff that we think we're going to spend our money on, but we're going to be wrong about a lot of that. We'll decide it when the time comes. If we've got good strategic opportunities we'll do it. If we're investing – right now, we think we're doing really well with sports and kids. We may find a year from now we're going to invest a ton in food and taking food around the world. If we don't, we may invest a ton in buying back our stock. We may buy – and if the stock's cheap we may buy back all of our stock. We got cash. And in a difficult environment, that's, we think, that gives us great flexibility.
Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Roger that. Thank you, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. Just looking at some of the ratings at your networks and the soon-to-be-owned Scripps, in 2017, how disruptive is the elevated news cycle, and I guess how much share do you think you're losing to news, if any at all? And how do you manage that given that the issue doesn't appear to be short lived there as we all once thought. And when you look at the strength at TLC and the strength at ID, they are immune because the programming is so strong? Or a different demo? I would just love to hear your thoughts on sort of the general environment for your networks here and the ratings and maybe the factors that are influencing the performance going forward.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Alexia. It's hard to tell. We do get some – we do look at the data. We want to see basically when – people who love our channels when they're not watching us, what are they watching. And there are certain channels that have more of an overlap than others. We don't have a depth of knowledge of exactly what's going inside of Scripps because they've bought a lot of that data and they are much more versed on it. They have said publicly that they think that there's a significant overlap there. It's sort of like what happens during the Olympics. Discovery takes a bigger hit, but some of our other channels don't take much of a hit at all. So, we'll continue to look at that. There's no question, look, I launched CNBC and MSNBC, and I've seen those channels, and I think they're doing a great job. They're all doing a terrific job if the goal is to aggregate an audience, that's what they're doing. They're affinity networks and they're aggregating an audience. They're basically, at this point, they're telling stories just like we are. It's just playing out really as one of our shows in real time every day. And so, that's a big benefit for them and they're doing a terrific job. We can't control that. We do have a large portfolio. We get the advantage of being able to promote from one channel to another before we would spend money, Scripps spent a lot of money on us, on ID and TLC and Oprah and Animal Planet, telling people to come over and watch their stuff and vice versa. We get the ability to move content around, we get the ability to promote, to tell people what's going on, on the different networks. And we got a big portfolio, and we're going to be able to take the best people from both companies, which is something we haven't talked a lot about. But one of the things we loved about Scripps is Ken Lowe built a hell of a company. They're great. They understand brands. They're great at creating characters, telling stories. It's sort of like, we think we're the best. We look at them and we say sometimes we think, as much as we say that, we think they're the best. And so they have kind of been our rival, and we've made each other better, and now we're going to be able to take the best of both and I think you'll see that when we get this over the finish line. And I think that'll help us and all of this will all come to pass. There's different trends, and as I was saying when I was there with MSNBC and you looked at CNN, it was very hard to get people to watch news. That's not true now. But at some point it will be true again. And so, I like the diversity of our portfolio.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Hi, thanks. Two questions from me. One is, David, it seems like your standalone digital business is starting to have more visible contribution on your ad growth. And so with Scripps's $19 billion global video ad views last year and then layering on what you've been building, can you talk about to what extent the scale gives you the ability to accelerate either demand or ad growth, particularly given your share in some key demos? And then separately, there's been a lot of focus on virtual MVPDs and distribution, with the deal closing in a couple of weeks, do you have more confidence in the potential to be added to either existing or new platforms going forward?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks John. Well look, right now, we're not carried on Sling, on Hulu and on YouTube. Our ambition is to be carried on every platform, and that's basically how we're carried almost everywhere in the world. So, we've had a lot of discussion about why we haven't been carried on those. In many cases, they're paying $40 or $42 to carry every channel from Disney, Comcast and Fox. And you got to carry every one of them and every regional sports network and every one of their channels. Those are channels that consumers make a choice and they prefer our channels to many of those channels. And so – and we're a great buy. And the people that are running those three businesses are quite good. They're looking at what consumers want. Their platforms are good, and I think over time, given the amount of time that people spend with our channels, it's going to be in our mutual interest to have people that choose those platforms to be able to spend time on with Discovery, with Oprah, with Food, with HGTV, with TLC, with ID, and I'm an optimist. So, I'm confident in the long run that consumers will win out, and both those – all three of those platforms are terrific. And the people there are very good, and they're dealing with an issue. They have a very high cost structure. But I think over time we'll get on there, and they're looking at more and more data of what people want on their platforms. And none of them are growing in ways that they're – their growth we think could be helped by having more good stuff. So that's our argument, and we continue to have those discussions with them, and I'm hoping that eventually we'll be on all of them. We should be.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And then, John, on the digital contributions, I mean, as you say, we're seeing some traction in our advertising business, our GO platform has supported growth over the past couple of quarters and, again, made strong contributions in the fourth quarter. And we're seeing some real traction there. Motor Trend OnDemand is developing well. We're, as you know, bringing together the Velocity network, the linear network, and Motor Trend OnDemand, and sharing content, et cetera. There's some early positive signals there. As David said in his speech, the Eurosport Player has really seen a lot of momentum, passed a million subs even before the Olympics started. And clearly from what we've seen during the due diligence, Scripps is operating an impressive short-form digital operation. So, I agree with you. I think there's a lot of potential as we look forward, and obviously a greater IP library is going to put us in a better position when it comes to exploiting the content in emerging platforms.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Look, this is really a journey for us. Over the last three years, we have fallen down many, many times. The platform didn't work. We had buffering. We had consumer interface that wasn't loved. We got over a four-star rating on our Eurosport Player for the Olympics. And people – we went online and people were delighted by it. But it – what we ended up doing on that platform was a result of three years of talking to customers and making mistakes. And we've still got a long way to go. But if you drew a circle around what you need to do to make somebody happy on a platform where they're consuming content on a small device and consuming content that they're excited about or they're a super fan, we're inside that circle now. And we're doing things we didn't even think we would need to do or want to do a year ago. We downloaded 700 pieces of short-form content every day during the Olympics. So, our original thought was we just provide the Games, but then we figured out that just as important as the Games is this idea; if have you a device, you hit that app five or six times a day, and if there isn't something fresh in there for you, that's interesting or funny or tells you something you didn't know, you go there three or four times and there's nothing there, you change. You stop going there. And it's very similar to a cable channel in the sense that if someone comes to Discovery four or five times and there's not something there that they like, then they start to look elsewhere. And so on our Eurosport Player we were very careful with the consumer interface. We did a huge amount of short-form content that we published throughout the day and night, and then we even changed it. A couple of days in we saw that the content that we were publishing was the local athletes and coaches that were getting much more play and much more shares than our big-time talent. And so, we looked at that data and we said okay, it's local, local, local. And so, I think we're getting smarter and we're getting more confident. Almost 0.5 million subscribers in less than 15 days. So, we're going to take what we learned from that and we're going to put that in the bank and start to try and get better at what we're doing. And a year or two from now, we're going to be in a position where we're really going to understand how people consume content on a phone and what we have to give them, so that they could feel like I love this thing. But we're on our way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I just had two questions. You mentioned on the call you're optimistic about the cost savings synergies with the Scripps deal and revenue synergies. Do you think that you will post-close sort of update it with a hard number on the cost side? And do you think you'll ever give a revenue synergy number? Or you'll just let it play out as it plays out? Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Look, Jason, the reality is, given that we haven't closed the deal, we have stayed away from Scripps, of course. So, we've done a lot of work on our side, and as David said, we're super confident with the analytical preparation work that we have done. It looks like we're going to close the deal soon now, and certainly, we want to take a couple of weeks to sort of test some of our assumptions and get some more details, including the details on the Scripps side. So, we'll take that time, but certainly then once we have a fully vetted view on what the – not only the total number of synergies is going to be, but also what our sort of refined ramp-up timing is going to look like, we'll definitely come back and update the market on our plan there.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Okay, thank you. And if I could just ask one follow-up. I noticed, I think it was in January you decided to move the headquarters to Knoxville out of Maryland, and then today you announced that you're shutting your Education business. Can you just provide just a bit of color? I mean it sounds like you guys are doing everything to get sort of very focused on the opportunities as you see it, and sort of do everything you can to get more efficient. So, any color on either of those moves would be helpful?
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: I guess you nailed it. We're really committed to focus as much as we can. As David said, the headquarter decision has been a tough one. But there's no way we would be operating a combined company with three major locations in the U.S. So, as tough as the decision was, we've decided to move the headquarter to New York actually, and once the deal closes build out Knoxville as an operational center going forward. And you're right, the Education sale is another $120 million cash in for us. And it's clearly one of our objectives to really focus, and as we've said before, de-lever as quickly as we can as we go through this integration.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Rich Greenfield with BTIG.
Mark Kelley - BTIG LLC: Hi. This is Mark Kelley on for Rich. Even with the vMVPD benefit, even the biggest programmers are losing about 3% of their subs year-over-year, and everyone's, not just Discovery's ratings, are continuing to fall. So given that, can revenues in the U.S. really continue to grow long-term with less and less subs and less and less viewership? And at what point is the weight on rates simply unsustainable? Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Look, I think it's clear that the one thing we do not control is those subscriber trends. As David said, we're confident that this linear business is going to be around for a very, very long time. And if you look at what we're doing, both on the affiliate side and on the advertising side, there have been significant step-ups in our deals, which has continued to lead to positive growth. There certainly is additional upside from emerging bundles from direct-to-consumer offerings that we might be going after, especially internationally. And on the advertising side, there's a very logical reason for increasing CPMs, as the only remaining mass medium becomes more and more scarce in terms of available inventory, there's an increasing value of 1,000 viewers. So that's a pattern that has been very stable over the past couple of years. And if you look at the technology evolution in the pipeline, I think TV as an industry might benefit quite a bit from being more and more addressable and targeted in their advertising product. So, I think we have a healthy outlook.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: The only thing I would add to that, which I think is a positive, is when you look at our portfolio, the thing that would come to mind I think is all safe. When you go on some of these other platforms, you got to worry about what you're going to be next to, what's going to show up, is it fully quantifiable in a way that you can take to the bank. Then you take a look at our 18 channels here in the U.S., what they provide, the cross-section of demographics, the quality of the content, and the things that we just don't do as a company, the safety, the knowing that it fits Discovery, that there's a filter there and there's a quality. And that's a big deal. And that's what we're moving toward. That's what the – when you think about our owners, our biggest shareholders, the new house family, Bob Miron, Donald and Si Newhouse, who built this company, and John Malone, they came here for quality content that was going to entertain and when we're at our best we would educate and inspire around the world, globally and now on all platforms. And so, as there's a race to provide audience, there's often a degradation or on many platforms, there's a disruption with quality content or good content, not knowing where it's going to be or what's going to be next to it. So, we think long-term that's an advantage. So, thanks so much.
Mark Kelley - BTIG LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrew T. Slabin - Discovery Communications, Inc. David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc. Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.
Analysts: Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Discovery Communications Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Slabin, Executive Vice President, Investor Strategy.
Andrew T. Slabin - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications' third quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar and then we will open the call up for your questions. Please keep to one question if possible so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2016 and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. This was another pivotal quarter for Discovery. We reported a solid set of operating results driven by gains in global advertising and distribution revenue with steady performance from our linear channels, enhanced by our growing suite of digital products. As we continue the transaction process around Scripps, we remain laser-focused on the two tracks designed to drive long-term growth and value for Discovery. Maximizing our linear business where our dual revenue stream continues to provide a stable, cash generating base and pivoting to become a leader in digital and mobile first content. As subscriber declines continue across the pay television landscape, we continue to pursue our strategic pivot, to take our content to consumers across every screen and service. We are a leading global IP company, and we will only get stronger with the addition of the Scripps content and brands. We will continue to capitalize on our deep global and flexible IP portfolio of strong niche, superfan brands and moreover, as distributors consolidate and mobile and other platform operators look to differentiate their products, owning IP globally, on all platforms like we do, in almost 50 languages, makes us truly unique. And we are convinced will lead the strong monetization opportunities in the year ahead. We are a long IP. With global platform companies serving millions of users looking to offer content, we are one of very few media companies that can offer a global package of content with recognizable brands and IP to all of the world. I'll begin this morning with a few details about our linear TV portfolio, where we are enjoying healthy momentum across our top channels. TLC continues its impressive audience growth, as the network enjoyed growth of 15% in delivery in the third quarter, highlighted by the popularity of the 90 DAY FIANCÉ franchise. TLC also has tied with ID as the fastest growing primetime female network in cable year-to-date, and has an impressive development pipeline for 2018. ID remained the number one ad supported net cable network in total day delivery for persons 25 to 54 and women 25 to 54 for the quarter, and hit a new milestone in September, breaking into the top 10 ad supported cable networks in prime among persons 25 to 54. ID is just a terrific story, and it just keeps getting better. Discovery Channel maintained its position as the number one non-sports network for men this year through the third quarter, led by Deadliest Catch and Alaskan Bush People, the number one and number two unscripted cable series among men and persons respectively. We are now beginning to achieve measurable results on the three pillars we have identified as the foundation of our digital forward strategy. Ad supported digital, including GO TV Everywhere apps, paid direct-to-consumer subscription video, and mobile-first short and mid-form content. On each of these, we are leveraging our IP portfolio beyond core pay TV, ensuring we remain relevant across every screen and every platform. In just one year since launching GO nationally in the U.S., is has contributed over a point of incremental ad sales revenue growth to our base, and we expect GO to deliver another meaningful increase in revenue in 2018. Importantly, we see no signs that our U.S. GO TV Everywhere platform is cannibalizing our linear business, with nearly half of GO users age 18 to 34. TLC and ID are leading the way on GO, with digital original content and exclusive efforts around existing franchises, helping to drive new screening records, as total weekly GO streams increased 50% from the first quarter to the third quarter. Looking ahead, and offering good example of how we are programming and marketing our content across all platforms, is the return of TLC's highly anticipated series, Trading Spaces, which will also be accompanied by the digital original series, Training Spaces, available exclusively on TLC GO. GO is an exciting story within our company, while not only helping to augment our linear business, but delivering valuable first-hand insights about our audience and reinforcing the fact that our content resonates with younger digital-first viewers. Internationally, we recently launched our joint premium entertainment streaming, AVOD service with ProSieben in Germany, bringing together nine of the most popular channels in Germany, including our own free to air channels and is structured to support additional content and joint venture partners in the future. If successful, we could look to expand this offering and create a template for future deals in key markets. For those of you not familiar with this product, it is like a German Hulu, and we are very excited about the level of interest and prospects we have seen so far. The second pillar, direct-to-consumer paid subscription video, continues to gain traction led in large part by the Eurosport Player. As we discussed this summer, we made a strategic decision to keep our Bundesliga rights, exclusively for the Eurosport Player, while at the same time pivoting the Player to a season pass model, where we focus on one sport to a user. We are starting to gain real traction. We've learned a lot, and we have seen solid subscriber growth throughout the season. As well, overall brand awareness of the Player throughout Europe continues to build. Further, we're particularly excited about Eurosport's momentum going into 2018 Winter Olympic Games, and our plan to deliver every minute of the events to viewers across linear TV and digital. We are now less than 100 days away from the start of the games in Pyeongchang, and remain on track with our internal estimates for third party distribution sales. We're confident about delivering the most digitally expensive and differentiated Olympic Games yet in Europe, for both our viewers and advertisers. Our direct-to-consumer strategy was further highlighted in Europe with the recent announcements of streaming partnerships with Amazon in the UK, Germany and Austria for Discovery and Eurosport. The deals with Amazon bring Discovery programming, the Olympic Games, as well as top-tier sporting events and other library content to the Amazon channels, offering to Prime subscribers across these markets. Also, we recently closed our transaction to form a new car superfan joint venture with The Enthusiast Network, comprised of leading consumer online brands, including Motor Trend, Hotrod and Automobile, as well as a wealth of editorial and video content. Indeed, Motor Trend OnDemand already has nearly 100,000 subscribers, making it a vibrant direct-to-consumer product offering in the U.S. serving this niche. We see a significant growth opportunity for the Motor Trend OnDemand service as we layer in our huge library of long form content from Velocity, as well as live auto auctions and live events. While still early days, we believe the Motor Trend joint venture can serve as a roadmap for other high-value niche content offerings. Lastly, within our mobile-first content segment, Group Nine has proven to be a terrific asset, executing against a smart and aggressive strategic plan. In just one year since launch, Group Nine has become one of the leading digital-first media companies with over 5 billion monthly streams, superfan brands, strong traffic, tech and data. Our investment in Group Nine has allowed us to grow our short and mid-form capabilities and open doors to other digital-first content relationships. For example, with Snap, we recently have greenlit a show concept for MythBusters. And last month, we announced a partnership to create exclusive Eurosport content around the 2018 Winter Olympics for Snapchat's Discover platform. Lastly, a word about Scripps. Our recent integration planning work has reinforced what we knew to be true. This is the right transaction at the right time for Discovery. We're even more excited today than we were three months ago, when we announced plans to join our two companies and brands, and we see even broader opportunities to enhance and grow our content, distribution and advertising globally. We continue to anticipate closing in early 2018 and look forward to updating you in the months ahead as our vision to create the global leader in real-life entertainment. As the media ecosystem continues to evolve, and as new opportunities emerge, whether due to new technology or changes in consumer behavior, Discovery is increasingly well positioned to adapt. We remain committed to establishing the basis for enhanced terminal value for our company, particularly as we invest in new products, content and methods of delivery to meet both the challenges and the opportunities that we envision will unfold in the coming years. We are fully engaged in leveraging our core assets and our broad and deep portfolio of global IP, to drive a future-forward model of superfan content, engagement and monetization. I'll now turn it over to Gunnar to go through the details of our third quarter results.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results were again driven by continued strong global distribution growth and the nice uptick in both U.S. and international ad growth, combined with our continued strict focus on cost management. While constant currency revenues were up 4%, and constant currency adjusted OIBDA was up 3%, our total company reported revenues were up 6% and adjusted OIBDA was up 3% in another quarter with positive impact on our financial result from FX changes. Third quarter reported net income available to Discovery Communications of $218 million was consistent with a year ago. On the positive side, we had improved operating results and a net positive impact of our solar deals. We realized a much higher tax benefit due to deal timing, and we also continued to see positive impacts on tax rate associated with our more global asset base. However, these positive effects were offset by $142 million or $0.25 per share of after-tax costs related to the Scripps acquisition including transaction costs, the unwinding of interest rate hedges in conjunction with the Scripps debt rate and additional interest expense and below the line currency-related losses versus a gain last year. On taxes, based on these trends, we still expect our full year tax rate to be a couple hundred basis points below 20% and net-net, the positive impact of our solar investments on full year net income. Now let us turn to adjusted EPS and free cash flow. Third quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share, which excludes the impact of acquisition-related non-cash amortization of intangible assets, increased 8% to $0.43. For the last 12 months, adjusted EPS, excluding currency, FX and Scripps transaction costs increased 22%. Third quarter free cash flow was up 67% to $699 million, due to lower cash taxes resulting from solar investments as well as the timing of content spent on working capital, as discussed on our second quarter earnings call. For the last 12 months, reported free cash flow was up 16%, and excluding currency and Scripps transaction costs, free cash flow was up 17%. And as I will discuss more later, we are reiterating both guidance metrics for the full year. Turning to the operating units. Let me start with our U. S. Networks. Our U.S. Networks total revenues were up 4%, led by distribution growth of 6% and 3% advertising growth. Advertising grew 3% or 4% excluding the impact of Group Nine, primarily due to strength of TLC and ID, higher overall pricing and improved monetization of our GO platform, which this quarter added more than one point of growth, partially offset by overall lower delivery due to continued universe declines. As we looked ahead to the fourth quarter of 2017, we currently expect organic U.S. ad growth to be up in the low single digit range. Now let us look at affiliate revenues. Our third quarter domestic distribution revenues were up 6%. Our growth was driven by increases in affiliate rates as well as increases in content licensing revenues, partially offset by a decline in subscribers. We had higher content licensing revenue this quarter versus the last two quarters due to the timing of revenue recognition upon delivering more SVOD content and expect much lower licensing contributions in the fourth quarter. Finally, we're still confident in our full-year U.S. Distribution guidance of mid-single digit growth. Delving further into the drivers of U.S. affiliate subscriber trends, our top nets like Discovery and TLC, which are driving the lion's share of our economics, were consistent with the second quarter, with subs again down around 3%. Driven by steeper declines at our smaller nets, total portfolio subs in the third quarter declined by 5% year-over-year. Turning to the cost side. Operating expenses in the quarter were up 2%, leading to adjusted OIBDA growth of 5%. I will now turn to our International operations. Excluding currency, revenues increased 7% and adjusted OIBDA increased 1%. FX changes, again, had a positive impact on our revenue this quarter, so reported revenues were up 11% and adjusted OIBDA was flat. For comparability purposes, my following International comments will refer to our organic results only, so we'll exclude the impact of currency. The 7% third quarter revenue growth was comprised of 9% distribution growth and 5% advertising growth. Our 9% distribution revenue growth was driven by strong double-digit growth in Europe, where we continue to realize higher affiliate rates on the back of our extended content portfolio that includes sports, and where we are seeing nice traction on the Eurosport Player. We have been pleased with our progress in signing up subsequent Player after our strategic pivot to our Bundesliga gains in Germany, solely on this platform. And we remain ahead of our plan. Outside of Europe, growth was also driven by higher rate throughout Latin America. However, this growth was partially offset by first, continued overall subscriber declines in Latin America, particularly in Brazil and Mexico due to the current macroeconomic conditions, and second, pricing declines in Asia, our smallest affiliate market and the market where we lack strong sports or kids content due to lower contracted rates as recently some deals have come up for renewal. And third, a small impact from natural disasters including those hurricanes in Puerto Rico and the Caribbean at the end of the third quarter. Assuming a continuation of these current trends as well as a full quarter of expected impact from continued power outages in Puerto Rico, the Caribbean and Mexico, we now expect our full year 2017 constant currency affiliate growth to be 100 to 150 basis points below our prior goal of approximately 10%. And as we look ahead to growth into 2018, assuming a continuation of our Bundesliga strategy, current sub trends in Latin America and pricing trends in Asia, we think next year's constant currency affiliate growth is more likely to come in below double digits as well. Turning to Advertising, our 5% increase was driven by growth across all regions. In particular, we had higher ratings in Southern Europe, Latin America and CEEMEA and higher pricing in CEEMEA and Latin America. As we look head to the fourth quarter, we expect ad sales growth to be around flat. We expect growth in Latin America and Southern and Eastern Europe to be offset primarily by expected declines in the Nordics which continue to be impacted by part level decline. Turning to the cost side, operating expenses internationally grew 9%, primarily due to higher sports content and production costs and adjusted OIBDA was up 1%. Now let us look at our overall financial picture. In the third quarter, we spent a total of only $102 million repurchasing our shares as we suspended our buyback program. As we have stated, until our gross leverage ratio is back within our new target range of 3 to 3.5 times, we will continue to allocate virtually all of our capital towards paying down debt. We have also decided not to make additional solar investments after the end of this year, when we will have fulfilled our current commitment, given our desire to preserve capital for debt reduction. Consequently, we continue to be very confident in our ability to be able to bring back leverage to within our target range within two years from closing the deal at the latest. Turning to our full year guidance, as mentioned, I'm pleased to reiterate both our adjusted EPS and free cash flow guidance metrics. With nine months of the year under our belt, we're tracking well with adjusted EPS, excluding currency and the impact of the Scripps-related transaction costs, up 22% and free cash flow, excluding currency and the impact of the Scripps-related transaction costs, up 43% year-to-date. As noted, we still expect 2017 free cash flow growth, excluding currency, and of course, the impacts from the Scripps transaction to be at least low double digits. And we also still expect adjusted EPS growth, excluding currency and the impact from the Scripps transaction to be at least low to mid teens. Please note though, that we expect an additional $100 million to $150 million of pre-tax Scripps-related costs in the fourth quarter, including interest and other expenses. Let me also provide some color around the financial impact of the TEN transactions, our new autofocus joint venture that includes the Motor Trend SVOD services that we started consolidating at the end of the third quarter. Contributions from the TEN businesses, and note this does not include contributions from Velocity which is already in our financial, are expect to initially be around $25 million to $30 million of revenue per quarter, with the majority coming from other revenues, which includes live events, content production and licensing brands for third parties and is expected to have a minimal impact on adjusted OIBDA. Finally, I want to update you on the expected year-over-year foreign exchange impact on our full year reported results. Given the weakening of the dollar versus the European currencies, at the current rates, currency movements are expected to be a nice tailwind of both revenues and adjusted OIBDA for the full year now. So assuming rates stay constant for the rest of the year, the year-over-year FX impact on revenues is now expected to be a positive $40 million to $50 million, and on AOIBDA, the impact is expected to be positive $10 million to $20 million. Finally, the combined currency and Scripps-related transaction cost's year-over-year impact on full year adjusted EPS is expected to be negative $0.52 to $0.58. In closing, as David mentioned, we remain on track to close the Scripps transaction by early 2018 and remain extremely optimistic about the potential combination. I see multiple areas of cost and revenue upside, both domestically and internationally, which will drive the significant long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you again for your time this morning. And now David and I will be happy to answer your question. Please note we cannot discuss Scripps results, and will therefore ask you to please keep your questions specific to Discovery.
Operator: Thank you. The first question is from Jessica Reif of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Oh, thank you. I guess, first question on International. On the cost side, which seems to be elevated due to sports, can you just talk about like the next three to five year outlook? You've known costs for sports. How do you think about overall expenses? And can you talk about monetizing? It seems like you're making some progress with the Player. And then on the domestic affiliate fees, you did say that it's stepping down a bit. Can you talk about some of the swing factors you're seeing there, both pricing, and what do you see in the universe overall over the next year or two?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Jessica. Why don't I start out with domestic affiliate. We've said that we're done with our deals for a period of time. We got through a cycle very effectively with high single digit increases over the term of those deals. What we're seeing is we're getting hit by the 3% decline. We are on Sony and DIRECTV. And we're not on those other skinny bundles, meaning Hulu and YouTube. And so we're continuing to talk to them and work on that. And we're focused very hard on the fact that the U.S. is the only market that doesn't have a bundle without sport. And we're having some constructive discussions with distributors and some constructive discussions with other programmers. And over-the-top provides a significant opportunity to attack that. We see a meaningful market for that everywhere else in the world. And there is a macro argument that most markets around the world are fairly stable; some are growing. But having the U.S. be the only market with very expensive all sports and re-trans packaging is what's causing this 3% decline. And without that, we might be looking like most of the other markets, where younger people or entry-level have a chance to get into the market, and we might be seeing flat to even up 1%. I think eventually we'll get there. We're at the front of the pack driving that. And when we get the Scripps deal done, I think we'll have most of the really high-quality, superfan channels. And in fact, if you look at the surveys, Discovery, HGTV, ID, Food, are four of the top services that people want for over-the-top. And in many cases, they're ahead of broadcast networks. So we think we're well-positioned on our content and IP. And we're being a little disadvantaged, I think, in the marketplace by not being on those platforms. We've heard it from you, and we're continuing to drive that.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Okay. And Jessica, on the International content expenses and sports specifically. As you know, we haven't given any specific long-term guidance. I think a couple of points are safe to say. Number one, we will continue to be focused on making investments into IP; that's the core of our business, and will continue to be a priority for our capital allocation. On sports, specifically, as you know, we have made some significant investments, and we feel that we're in a very good position now with the Olympics deal and several other premium sports rights that we have secured for Europe. So we're in a very, very good position there. For the financial outlook, clearly, 2018 is going to be the first year with an impact from the Olympics deal. And I've said before that there's going to be an impact both on top line and on the expense line, about $140 million from rights plus additional production cost. And you can assume sort of a very marginal impact on profits for 2018. And I mean, all that being said, if you look at the developments of our cost of sales line internationally, then the majority of the increase is driven by those sports rights and we've been managing content expenses outside of sports pretty much at a very low single digit increase.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Yeah. So you'll see the sports IP relatively steady. And it'll be a little bit bumpy because of the Olympics coming in and out. But Gunnar has made an important point. We are investing for the long-term. And we're very IP long. I mean, if you look back at that moment when John Malone was running Stars, he made the decision to not just buy movie rights for Stars, but he bought it for all platforms. And at the time he said to me, he thinks those other platforms, at some point, will be worth more in value then Stars itself. And he turned out to be right. The other premium providers bought rights just for those channels. That is our core strategy as a company. We own almost all of our IP everywhere in the world on all platforms. In sport, we own all of our sports in Europe on all platforms. So we haven't, at this point, fully monetized that IP. But if gets sold to Deutsche Telekom or Vodafone or BT, if some of it gets sold exclusively to some distributors as we've done with Bolloré and Drahi in France, all of that is upside, because we own all that IP. We have the optionality of doing deals with Amazon or Apple or Facebook or Google. And so that's why we love Scripps so much, because we own all that IP, it hasn't been used globally, and it fits along with our superfan IP global strategy. And so we feel good about it, but we also recognize that we could be dropping a lot more money to EBITDA if we weren't investing in IP or if we were just buying linear rights. So when you hear other companies announce that they're going to go direct-to-consumer, if you hear us announce it, we have the right to do anything we want with any of our content. And I think that we believe that that can be really compelling and will create long-term value and addresses the terminal value issue because we believe that our content long-term is going to work on mobile, it's going to work for Apple, it's going to work for Facebook, and it's going to work for the mobile guys and it'll de-commoditize all of them as they're looking for IP.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And Jessica, on the Player, as David said in his speech, we're seeing some very encouraging progress on the subscriber base. Clearly the theme is the Bundesliga exploitation. The season launched in back end of August, and we're seeing a very healthy uptake. We've also switched our technical platform to the BAMTech platform across the whole footprint, more than 60 markets, and that went very well, with some small hiccups that are usual in these type of launches. So we're very happy there. In terms of the monetization, keep in mind that we're ramping up the subscriber base. So we will see more of an impact going forward. And there's two aspects to this. Number one is I really do think that with this premium right, we have really repositioned the Eurosport brand, especially in the German market, but across Europe. There's a positive pollination effect between the Player and the linear feeds. We're seeing ratings up on the linear Eurosport network as well. So that is all working very well. And then finally, it's a very good learning for us, because we now have some premium rights with a lot of demand on the platform. And we're expecting a lot of very valuable learnings as we come up on the Olympics next year. So I think that's all going very well.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And as Gunnar said on Eurosport, which I think is an important point, is right now it looks like we could find value in two baskets. Last year was a record year for Eurosport with ratings. And Eurosport ratings right now are up 20% over that, at the same time that we're taking that IP direct-to-consumer. And we have a right to take any of that IP. So if we talk to someone who wants a certain kind of IP, more on the Player, we can just make the decision to take it off Eurosport, deliver it to the player and then promote on Eurosport that you can get that match or that game on the player.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Steven Cahall of Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is open.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Thank you, good morning. Maybe just first to follow up on the strategic pivot that you mentioned, and you just threw out Apple, Facebook and Amazon as potential partners. So I guess, number one, can you talk about any burgeoning relationships you might have on that side for content partnerships? But then also, how you're thinking about the sale of content into licensing and how that may exacerbate some of the pressures that you're seeing on the linear side and how you're thinking about managing that pivot. And then separately, maybe regard to the Olympics. I think there's been some press reports about Eurosport taking a more holistic approach to measurement across all the platforms. I was just wondering if you could give us a little more detail on what sort of traction you're getting with that currency, and how you might be able to adopt that as you become a more multiplatform-centric company over time.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Steven. At this point, what we're trying to do is figure out where the soccer ball is going to go. And so we're trying to both build our core company, which is very stable and still providing real growth with the global footprints that we have, more channels in more countries, with core niche content that people love. But then we're really starting to get some momentum in this idea of, at least our strategy of where we think that ball is going to be. And that is owning IP, and being in a position that you can sell that IP in different windows to different distributors. In the case of the big four, we've never seen, in my 30 years in this business, distribution platforms like Facebook has with 2 billion, like Amazon and Google and Apple. So we're talking to all of them. We have deals already with Amazon in the UK, Germany and Austria. They're quite creative. In those markets we're going direct-to-consumer with Discovery for 4.99. We're selling Eurosport on Amazon. Amazon is selling our Player in Germany. We think the ball's going to go to the place that if you look back three years ago, those were platforms. Today, they're all in the game for IP. And so, AT&T can go out and buy Time Warner. That makes a lot of sense in a market like the U.S. that's 350 million people. And that's probably going to be a very effective transaction for Randall. But as you go across Europe and you go across Latin America or Asia, and you're a distributor, if you're Polsat in Poland or if you're Canal+ in France, at that point, it really is not going to make sense to go out and buy a big media company. So you're going to go to media companies and say, what IP do you have? And so we think that if Apple wanted to do a deal with one person and offer a family pack everywhere in the world, or if Facebook wanted to do that or Amazon, or if the mobile players wanted to do it in Europe, who could they go to? There's very few companies. It's maybe less than three. And we have brands that we've been working on in those countries for 20 to 30 years and we have massive amount of content and we think that Scripps will add to that and renew that and rejuvenate it. And as we've said, we see Scripps as a beginning. Within two years we'll be less than 3.5 times levered, and then we'll be looking for what other IP do we have. How to we accelerate direct-to-consumer? How do we accelerate our overall market share? And so we think we're trying to be where the ball is and we see those big distributors looking more and more for the ball. And the ball for them is content.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Okay. On the Eurosport question, I mean, as we have said multiple times, we're going to make sure that these games are the most digitally accessible games ever. We will be making available every event on a wide range of platforms. And obviously, that does put us in a position to also deliver an audience across these multiple platforms. And one of the big benefits is that we will have people signing up for the Player so we will have the personal identifiable information which, especially in Europe, is a very big advantage because there's a lot more strict data protection rules over there. So we really see this Olympics event as a sort of kickstarter or a booster for our ability to deliver targeted advertising and data-driven products into the audience. Clearly, for any specific numbers, of course it's too early right now.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And doing a deal with Snap across Europe, we think will bring in a younger demo. And with Facebook, we already have a very extensive partnership. With Group Nine, we're one of the leading providers of short-form, and when they launched mid-form, we were one of the leading providers of mid-form. And so I think staying close to those companies, figuring out what they need and catering our superfan baskets, both in terms of type of content and mid-form, short-form, long-form. We've come a long way from two years ago. We have a full menu now.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jason Bazinet of Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Maybe for Mr. Zaslav, you mentioned the U.S. is the only country that doesn't have a non-sports package. I assume that's on linear. I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit of a history lesson in terms of why that is. And then how easy do you think it is to change? I presume it has something to do with some of the bigger sports channels out there and the distributors' minimum guarantees that they have. But any color that you could share would be helpful. Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Sure. Well, the U.S. is the only market that has retransmission consent. So we'll start out that broadcasting is truly free in every other market. Here now, the broadcasters are charging $2 or $3 a month, which is quite good for them, but it's not so good for the consumers, and it's not so good for the distributors who have to eat that additional cost, and it becomes a level of entry. It's also the only market where, because the sports channels grew up in this market and use their leverage to require full carriage of all of their sports channels, together with the fact that most sports channels are owned by the re-trans broadcast companies, you have a combustible combination. And so if you want to get the broadcast network, if you want to get the regional sports – and this is the only country that really has an extensive regional sports network structure. So between regional sports networks, big sports networks and re-trans, which is driven mostly by sports, sports has been effectively hyperextended here to the point of are you serious. And so that's the marketplace that the consumers are dealing with. And it's one of the reasons why we believe that the market is down 3%, because the cost of entry, 65% of the entry level market in Mexico is the skinny bundle and you're in for $15. In Brazil, 90% of the growth in the last four years has been the skinny bundle. And then, in every other market, you could then get your sports to your ticket. And so I think it's that combination. Look, one of the reasons we went to Eurosport was because it's very early stage in Europe, it hasn't been done before, and we said that's a pretty compelling concept of being able to use sports to drive subscriber costs and get subscriber fees going. And it has done that for us. It's obviously on a scale that's much lower. But I don't think it's sustainable. I don't think it's sustainable really because the ecosystem is getting much creakier here, not because the ecosystem is creaky around the world. It's strong enough with people wanting to buy content and get packages of content, to be more in the stable environment, which is what we see everywhere else. Here, there's just not an entry level package. The good news is in almost every case, what consumers want eventually collapses against what larger companies leverage into the market. And what you're starting to see now is distributors saying, well, wait a minute. We're losing subscribers. Maybe we should do a skinny bundle. And we're lucky to have over-the-top at this point because most of those providers that are packaging in all of that extra stuff have agreements that require all that stuff to be carried, but those agreements do not extend to over-the-top. And so you're likely to see the breakup in over-the-top and then it'll accelerate back as consumers start to buy broadband and an over-the-top service without sport. And then the distributors will be forced to take the hit, the big sports guys, we will be forced to take the hit in the next round. And so I think it's not likely to change on linear, except marginally. There's requirements for carriage and some of the sport services have lower requirements so you might see some skinny bundles on linear, but they'll be more limited. The bigger attack, I think, for consumers that'll be quite effective for consumers and – right now if you have broadband, the only real choice in America is Netflix. And then you can get your Amazon. And that's really silly. If there's 40 million broadband-only subscribers and they go to college and they want to buy something, they buy Netflix. Why do they buy Netflix? Because they don't have anything – there's not anything meaningful that we're offering them in the market. And so I think that we're working to remediate that and so are some others and I think it will happen. It's going to take some time.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Very helpful. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Todd Juenger of Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open.
Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Oh, hi. Good morning. Thanks. I got a couple just housekeeping for Gunnar and then David, boy, I'd love to just pick up on that great discussion you just had with Jason. Gunnar, just super quickly, two on affiliate fees. So on domestic affiliate fees, I'm sorry if I missed this. Just wonder if you'd give us a number without the content licensing, so just sort of a clean distribution affiliate fee number for the quarter. And any comments on the ins and outs of licensing sort of next quarter or forward would be great. And also where did that licensing go I wonder? Because I don't know – in the states, I know you're not licensing I think to the SVOD player, so if you're willing to say that, that'd be great. The other quick one, sorry, I promise it's quick. On International, I think you guys had indicated double-digit constant currency International affiliate fees for the year. I just wonder if you still feel that way. Okay. And then David, just sort of picking up, I can't help. It's such an important topic and you're sharing some thoughts on it. On this sort of skinny non-sports bundle, you did mention that your traditional distribution agreements, you're sort of through the cycle there. What are the implications, if any, if you were to team up and launch some sort of over-the-top non-sports package on your existing distribution agreements with your NVBDs as they exist and maybe even if you think about the next cycle, how can you go ask for pricing increases from the cable companies if you have a low priced over-the-top option for consumers? Thanks for bearing with that guys. Appreciate it.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: I'll just answer the last one. We have no restrictions so we can do. And it's already being done. I mean, YouTube is an offering that's in the marketplace. Hulu has an offering that's in the marketplace. Philo has an offering that's going to be in the marketplace. DIRECTTV NOW is an offering that's in the marketplace. So I think you're starting to see some additional offers in the marketplace. And we're agnostic. We would do an over-the-top direct with a bunch of others in a package. We would do an over-the-top with the existing cable operators. We would do an over-the-top with existing mobile or satellite providers. And you're going to see, as there's subscriber decline, a lot of them are trying to figure out what could we do to serve customers? They're looking at that decline and saying, hey, I don't like that. Why is Netflix gaining and why are we losing? Is there a product that we can offer? And in the end, as we face customers, we had this discussion last time. I don't think anything has changed. Our channels are stronger now than they were a year ago. We think one of the things that helps us with Scripps is we getting even more strength with a lot more channels that are very important. We then have five channels that people would rate as either their most important or their second most important channel that they watch and care about in terms of length of view, including the broadcasters. And when you put us together with Scripps, we might be 20% of the view, but we're only about 7.5% or 8% of the money. And so that's not something to brag about, but it does mean that we're not getting paid a lot of money. And there's an opportunity to pay us more, and is it really worth having an argument over so many good channels when the price increase is a fraction of what you're paying to one regional sports network as an increase for 20 channels?
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Okay, on domestic affiliate revenue, let me give you some more color. So the Q3 numbers, as you see, are very well in line with the guidance that we've given for the full year of mid single digit. And as you heard, I also reiterated that guidance for the full year. So that's still the best estimate that we have. In terms of those content licensing revenues, you know that we do not single out individual contributions to the distribution line. As we have said previously, those content licensing deals are small in the greater scheme of things, but as I said, we have seen a bit more often impact in the third quarter. That's why we pointed it out specifically. In terms of who we're selling to, you will find some of ours stuff on Hulu. And we also do very selective deals with Netflix. So for example in the case of a miniseries where we might get a lot of value from Netflix, we're fine to engage in a deal like that. But again, that's always going to be a very careful decision that we're making. And as the landscape evolves, this type of deal is just going to be a more common part of our distribution strategy of monetization. So as we said previously, we will see more of these SVOD revenues come through. And by nature, they are slightly more lumpy than the very simple subscriber number times ARPU kind of business and the very traditional linear distribution. But again, I mean it's a small component and the way to think about it from a sort of linear perspective, again, as we have said previously, in the last cycle we were able to secure high single-digit CAGRs on the pricing side for our deals. And that's still valid and then obviously, our subscriber loss numbers work against this.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: The other side of our strategy of investing more in IP and owning more windows is we are quite strategically selective about how we monetize it. We could be doing a broad package to some of those SVOD providers, and you could see a very different result this year and next year. But we've opted not to do that, and we're holding onto it. We think it could be much more compelling in our own offering or much more compelling to do something with an existing player and us in an offering. And we view it as building terminal value.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And then on D&I affiliate, as I said during my speech, so we've seen a 9% underlying growth in the third quarter. And we also guide for slightly below 10% for the full year. If you look at the individual contributions to that growth, we continue to see healthy double digit growth in Europe with a lot of success on the sports side. What has not come through as we had hoped it would is recovery in Latin America. We had planned for a bit of positive support there in the second half, which just hasn't happened yet and we're not anticipating that anymore in our planning. And we've also had a slight negative headwind in Asia with a few renewals recently. So now the outlook is just below that 10% guidance that we had given previously. And then there's also been a bit of an impact from the natural disasters that we've seen and that's why we just wanted to be slightly more conservative as we look forward now.
Todd Michael Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks. Yes, great.
Operator: Thank you. Okay. And the next question is from Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. I might switch gears to the advertising side. You've seen some good ratings momentum, some improvement at some of your key networks, which I think you highlighted like TLC and Discovery and ID. And I was wondering if you have good inventory still available to monetize that in the scatter market? Are you somewhat constrained by make-goods? And just any color in general about the health of the scatter market, what you're currently seeing in the market.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Great, thanks. The scatter market, the volume is good. The pricing is above upfront, but slightly below what pricing was on scatter last year. So we could use a little bit more of a push on pricing. We don't have a make-good issue in any meaningful way. And in fact, the fact that TLC is up, I mean, it was the number 12 network for women. It's now the number six network; it's up 15%, has helped us. ID continues to grow and Discovery has really stabilized. The upfront was quite good for us. We did well and we sold a little deeper than we normally would. We got a little bit of a strategic sense that there might be some of the scatter market money moving to the upfront, and so we took a little bit more of what we thought was good money to hedge our risk that if – at this point, volume is up, but if volume next year drops a little bit, we thought it made sense to take a little more dollars. So it was quite good for us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And Alexia, as I said, going into the fourth quarter, we see similar low single digit growth for the U.S. ad number for us.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then just a quick follow-up on your networks here, you talked about how you're seeing obviously much better subscriber trends in your core networks, in terms of the rate of decline and the fact that there are a little bit higher declines in some of your non-core networks and your smaller networks. Does that influence the way you think about your investment spending ahead? I mean, are you likely to just sort of reallocate a bit more of your investment spending to some of your bigger networks?
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: I think generically yes, and we've already been doing that. We did it in our deals where the overwhelming majority of economics in our deals are to our big six networks. There's some exceptions. We have Velocity, and Velocity is a very compelling superfan network. We did something quite creative. We put the channel together with the direct-to-consumer business, together with the 30 titles of magazine titles. We didn't actually buy the magazine business, but all the editorial, the pictures, all the short-form content that was being generated around cars, and all the IP that we have on Velocity, the library, the car content as well as the live auctions is all in this new basket that we call Motor Trend OnDemand. And so you'd see that at the top and below would be Velocity, this cable channel that's in 60 million homes that's quite profitable that has real superfans. And we can move that IP now between that and Motor Trend OnDemand. And then we have all of these great writers, and we have all of this short-form video and these terrific 30 brands that we get to use as well as lists that go along with the magazines to drive this direct-to-consumer business that we start with about 100,000, little less than 100,000 subscribers paying $5 a month. So it's an experiment. What happens when you take a huge auto library together with a dominant position in auto, live auto auctions together with 30 titles of auto enthusiast material, together with editorial in short-form? We were enthusiastic about the fact they have almost 100,000 subscribers without any long-form content and any real promotion and any live auctions. And so this is part of our strategy of building a direct-to-consumer business as a side-by-side. On the other hand, we have some smaller channels that don't have as big of an audience, and we already started that cascade of investing less and focusing more on our core brands that we think are sustainable on linear and sustainable on mobile and sustainable globally.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the last question will come from Michael Nathanson of MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks. I have two for David. Can I go back to the non-core versus big six change in distribution? Is the fall of the non-core channels a function of maybe those platforms falling? Or the fact that perhaps you guys had maybe loosened up some of the minimums and traded that loosening for better pricing? So you talk a bit about, was this a self-planned type of erosion of the non-core sites?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: No. It's actually, I think you could just say it's shaving. It's basically somebody that would be paying $130 for cable. It's saying for those extra 30 channels, I'll save the extra $14. It's not being tiered. It's just somebody looking at the very high price of that and broadband being expensive and saying, do I absolutely need that.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Okay, that makes sense. And then, you haven't talked about Sling at all, which seems like a pretty good fit given their pricing and given their tiering. Is Sling a function of you having to get a dish deal done or can Sling be done outside of a normal linear deal being done?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: I don't want to speak to this specific. I think Sling is an effective platform. I think Charlie's attacking the very issue that I talked about earlier. And I think he's one of the people that's being innovative along with almost every other distributor that's looking at an industry in secular decline and asking themself the question, have I agreed to do two agreements that are restricting my ability to serve customers, and am I driving customers to Netflix or driving customers away from my platform? And for us, I think, eventually, we'll probably be on those platforms, because as I've said that, if you look at all the recent studies, at the very top of the list, we have six channels that are either equal to broadcast or just behind it or ahead. And the cost of all of our content is significantly less than one retrans channel. And so I think we have a great value to consumer argument. I think getting more aggregation, when we close Scripps, gives us even more quality viewers and more versatility and optionality. And over time, we would like to be on every platform. And I think we got a good shot at it if we keep doing a good job programming our channels.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Thanks, David.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-05 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Slabin - EVP, Global Investor Strategy David Zaslav - President and Chief Executive Officer Gunnar Wiedenfels - Chief Financial Officer Ken Lowe - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Scripps Networks Interactive Bruce Campbell - Chief Development, Distribution and Legal Officer
Analysts: John Janedis - Jefferies Alexia Quadrani - JP Morgan Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Doug Mitchelson - UBS Brandon Ross - BTIG Kannan Venkat - Barclays Jason Bazinet - Citi Barton Crockett - FBR Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the call to discuss the Scripps Transaction as well as a Discovery Communications' Second Quarter Results. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Andrew Slabin, EVP, Global Investor Strategy. You may begin.
Andrew Slabin: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss the announcement of Discovery Communications definitive agreement to acquire Scripps Networks Interactive as well as for Discovery's second quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me today from Discovery are David Zaslav, President and Chief Executive Officer; Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer; and Bruce Campbell, Chief Development, Distribution and Legal Officer. We are also pleased to welcome Ken Lowe, Scripps Networks Interactive Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, who will also be participating on today's call. This morning, we released two press releases, one announcing the acquisition agreement and one detailing our Q2 earnings, both of which are available on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. A slide deck with detail on the transaction will also be posted. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David, Ken and Gunnar about the transaction, after which, David and Gunnar will speak to our second quarter results and outlook. We will then open the call up for your questions. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2016, and our subsequent filings made with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Just a note that this communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any securities or solicitation of any vote or approval. In connection with the proposed merger, the companies intend to file a registration statement on Form S-4 containing a proxy statement prospectus with the SEC, and you should read the proxy statement prospectus when it becomes available because it will contain important information. Both companies and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from their stockholders in respect to the proposed merger. Information about each company's directors and executive officers is set forth in their respective 10-Ks filed with the SEC. You may obtain additional information regarding the interests of such participants by reading the proxy statement prospectus regarding the proposed merger when it becomes available. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone. Today, we are excited to announce that Discovery Communications has reached an agreement to acquire 100% of Scripps Networks Interactive for $90 per share, comprised of 70% cash and 30% Discovery Class C or DISCK shares. This transaction will bring Scripps' world class portfolio of high-quality, deeply loved brands, including the Food Network, HGTV, Travel Channel, the Cooking Channel, DIY and Great American Country together with Discovery's portfolio of world class brands, including the Discovery Channel, TLC, ID, Animal Planet, OWN, Velocity and Eurosport, to create a new global leader in real life entertainment. This transaction supports and accelerates Discovery's pivot from a linear TV-only company to a leading content provider across all screens and services around the world. We know the Scripps assets and management team well. And we believe this transaction checks all the boxes that we look for in driving growth and creating long-term shareholder value. By coming together with Scripps and combining two world class organizations, creative teams and quality brand portfolios, we are building a global content engine, spanning multiple categories, including sports, like the upcoming Olympics in Europe; entertainment; lifestyle; factual; Kids in Latin America; and free-to-air in major markets like Nordics, Germany, Italy, Spain, UK and Poland as well as our superfan brands here in the US. I'd like to touch upon the key strategic rationale for why we are so excited about this transaction and how it will benefit our viewers, deliver value to advertisers, distribution partners and create meaningful value for investors. I will then turn the call over to Ken Lowe, my close friend for almost 30 years, for some of his thoughts on the deal, followed by Gunnar, to provide the key financial highlights of the transaction. Following this, Gunnar and I will return to provide commentary on Discovery's second quarter results. Let me quickly summarize the reasons why this acquisition is great for Discovery and its shareholders. First, we will become a premier portfolio of owned and controlled IP across a broad range of genres. This positions us very well as our industry continues to evolve. Second, we expect this combination to unlock global strategic synergies, driving significant value. Third, there will be significant upside to extend Scripps brand and content internationally. Fourth, together we can accelerate the innovation and rollout of digital and mobile content on new platforms. And finally, we expect to produce robust free cash flow, allowing us to maintain our investment grade rating and quickly leading to further balance sheet flexibility. I'll speak to each of these in more detail. For both Discovery and Scripps, content has always been our North Star. Scripps has a wonderful heritage of storytelling and creating quality brands, formats and content. And together, we will produce approximately 8,000 hours of original programming annually. We'll be home to approximately 300,000 hours of content, and will generate a combined 7 billion short-form video streams monthly, demonstrating our commitment to delivering content as a top short-form provider. Combined, Discovery and Scripps will capture about 20% share of ad-supported cable audiences in the United States. The combined company will be home to two of the top cable networks for women with over 20% share of women watching ad-supported prime time cable in the US. During the last few years, Scripps has grown outside the US, now reaching over 175 countries with 60 unique feeds. We feel one of the most exciting aspects of this transaction is our ability to take the Scripps brands, programming and talent around the world to the next level. Over the last 30 plus years, we have built a best-in-class international distribution, sales and languaging [ph] infrastructure that gives Discovery an efficient and flexible foundation to maximize quality content across multiple markets around the world. This is what we do, and we are excited to do it with the world class Scripps brands. We are excited by the opportunity to program our existing global female brands like TLC, Real Time and Fatafeat in the Middle East, with content from Food Network and HGTV. We can also take those strong brands and formats like Food and HGTV and launch them in new territories and capitalize on our combined talent, formats and IP to introduce new brands and products from our portfolio to help our distribution and advertising partners. As part of its global strategy, Scripps also acquired a larger footprint in two of our top growth markets, the UK and Poland. In Poland, Scripps acquired TVN, a leading Polish broadcaster with part ownership in nc+, one of the leading distributors with nearly 2.5 million subscribers in Poland. Both businesses will highlight our collective presence in Poland. Similarly, in the UK, Scripps owns 50% of UKTV in partnership with the BBC, one of the leading portfolios of entertainment channels with nearly 10% audience share. We believe having this larger presence and ratings share will help grow our combined business in our number one international market. Another strategic opportunity of this deal is to use Scripps lifestyle content to fortify our pipeline for Home & Health in Latin America. Home & Health has been a growing brand and business for many years and has successfully licensed some of Scripps content in the past. With full access to the Scripps brands and lifestyle pipeline, we expect to more fully optimize and monetize this content across all of Latin America. The combination of our collective brands and IP enhances our optionality to create and participate in new mobile and OTT products and platforms, and simultaneously strengthens our expertise in short-form content creation, data driven marketing, endemic advertising and branded entertainment. Notably, between Scripps' strength, 2 billion plus views per month and leadership in the important food category and our stake in Group Nine Media, we will together, account for 7 billion mobile first short-form streams and be a leading Snapchat provider. Our industry is evolving quickly, but I can't be more excited about the opportunities this combination will bring to our company, for our viewers, for our advertisers and distribution partners and for our shareholders. Scripps is a great company, and one of the big reasons I'm so optimistic is that our companies, our cultures and our workforces share a lot of the values that make these kinds of integrations a lot smoother and more successful. Ken just finished his 37th year at the Scripps Company, which he helped build into one of the finest, most successful media companies in the world. In fact, Home and Garden itself was Ken Lowe's idea. He is a great leader, a great entrepreneur and a great friend. And I'm thrilled to also announce that Ken will be joining our board. I'll now turn the call to Ken, and then Gunnar will walk through the financial highlights of the transaction.
Ken Lowe: Thank you, David, for those very kind words. You're much too generous. I'm very pleased to be sitting here today with David, Gunnar, Bruce and the Discovery team to talk about this exciting combination. Bringing Scripps together with Discovery creates an industry leader that will open up new opportunities in the United States and around the world to serve our advertisers, our distribution partners and our superfans. At Scripps, we have successfully transitioned from a US focused TV network company to a comprehensive and global lifestyle content business. Just like Discovery, we're delivering our content on a multitude of platforms, building deeper connections with consumers everywhere regardless of device or geography. This agreement presents an unmatched opportunity to grow Scripps leading lifestyle brands like HGTV, Food Network and Travel Channel across the world and on new and emerging social and mobile platforms. Discovery has a terrific set of brands, a great management team and it's built the best and broadest international platform in the world. They know how to take entertainment brands, take things global, make them better than anybody else. And Discovery has already extended Scripps programming into international regions such as Latin America, and this has demonstrated the significant upside potential to extend our brands around the world. Each of our companies has made strong progress driving innovation in mobile, over-the-top and direct-to-consumer platforms. Together, no doubt, we'll be a more innovative enterprise in short-form video as well as branded content, endemic advertising and data driven marketing. We can quickly accelerate our progress with best practice sharing, greater scale and a deeper portfolio of brands, ensuring we continue to grow our relationship with our passionate fans worldwide. I'm really delighted to be joining the board of the combined company, and I look forward to working closely with David and the entire Discovery board and team to drive growth and create long-term value for our shareholders. I'd also like to make sure that you saw our 8-K that we filed this morning with our earnings pre-announcement. In light of the agreement with Discovery, we wanted to provide you with an early look at our second quarter results and our updated full year guidance. As our 8-K indicates, due to continued ratings and impression softness in the US market, as evident in our second quarter ad results, we now expect 2017 total company revenue growth to be approximately 4% versus our prior guidance of 6%. And due to the lower revenue outlook combined with higher expected programming and SG&A expense, we now expect full year total company adjusted segment profit to be approximately flat for the year versus our prior guidance of up 3%. I will not be taking questions about Scripps financial update on this conference call, but you can follow up with our team with additional questions on our results. With that, let me turn it back over to Gunnar.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Good morning, everyone. I will now provide more details on the terms and financial expectations for this transaction. Let me start with a recap of some key parameters. The purchase price values Scripps equity at $11.9 billion plus approximately $2.7 billion of rolled net debt. This implies a total transaction value of $14.6 billion. Scripps shareholders will receive a 70-30 mix of cash and Discovery C Class or DISCK stock. The cash portion will be funded from cash on hand and new debt to be raised and is backstopped by a fully committed bridge facility from Goldman Sachs. The reference stock price for Discovery C Class shares is $25.51, which is as of the close on Friday, July 21. We have also provided Scripps shareholders a symmetrical collar around this reference DISCK share price. Within a band from $22.32 to $28.70, the value of the stock consideration is fixed to an adjustment of the exchange ratio. Outside of that band, the value is variable. The transaction includes a customary breakup fee of 3% of total equity. Post closing, Discovery shareholders will own 80% of the economics of the combined company and Scripps shareholders will own 20% on a fully diluted basis. The deal is expected to be accretive to free cash flow and adjusted earnings per share in the first year after closing and is anticipated to generate run rate cost synergies of approximately $350 million by 2019. We plan to realize half of the synergies in the first year after closing, and we will budget a one time cost to achieve of around $300 million to $350 million in the first year after closing. The cost savings will predominantly come from shared corporate technology and operational efficiency. To put this into perspective, savings of approximately $350 million represent less than 10% of the combined company's expense base, excluding content, marketing and advertising expenses. And as David discussed, we also see the opportunity for significant growth in both linear and digital advertising and affiliate sales globally as well as the generally improved vantage point on our journey to a more direct-to-consumer and digital future, none of which has been included in our deal model. Pro forma for the approximately $350 million in cost synergies alone and baking in no revenue upside, the acquisition AOIBDA multiple on 2017 estimated AOIBDA is 8.7 times and is, as such, relatively in line with Discovery's current trading AOIBDA multiple. While leverage on the combined company will initially rise to approximately 4.8 times gross debt to AOIBDA, we are committed and confident in our ability to delever quickly and maintain a strong balance sheet and our investment-grade rating. Let me give you a bit more background. First of all, please note that all of our analyses fully take into account Scripps new lower full year 2017 revenue and EBITDA forecast that Ken mentioned earlier. And of course, their updated expectations have been fully accounted for in our models and valuation work. We intend to develop substantially all of our free cash flows toward paying down debt until we are back within our new target gross leverage ratio of 3 to 3.5 times, which is expected to occur by the end of 2019 at the latest. To be clear, that means we will be suspending share repurchases until we are compliant with our new target leverage metrics. Please note that the transaction is subject to approval by Discovery and Scripps shareholders, regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. John Malone, Advance/Newhouse Programming Partnership and Scripps family shareholders representing an overwhelming majority of common voting shares of Scripps have entered into voting agreements to vote in favor of the transaction and take certain other actions in each case subject to the terms and conditions of their respective agreement. And with this, I will turn the call back to David to give an update on Discovery's second quarter results.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Gunnar. Now I wanted to touch on a few highlights from Discovery's second quarter. The second quarter was another important chapter in our strategic pivot to reach viewers across every screen, platform and service around the world, which we expect will accelerate with the Scripps transaction. We continue to make real progress in maximizing our linear business while making significant progress in growing our digital, mobile and direct-to-consumer channels around the world. I'll begin with a few details on the strong performance of our global content portfolio where our superfan strategy continued to engage viewers and drive growth. Discovery was again the number one non-sports network for men in the US in the second quarter, with Street Outlaws ranking as cable's number one unscripted series among men, ID earned its best second quarter in network history in the US, ranking number one across all ad-supported cable for women, and ID's audience was up 17%. TLC's resurgence has continued in the US, with hits like 90 Day Fiancé, Happily Ever After, Little People, Big World, 7 Little Johnstons, My 600 lb Life and Skin Tight, together driving 10% growth among women in prime. OWN was again a top network for African-American women and the number one network for African-American women on Tuesday nights. And Velocity earned its 19th consecutive quarter of growth. Outside the US, Eurosport grew its ratings by 17% as a record number of fans tuned in for Giro d'Italia, the French Open and Wimbledon. Third quarter has kicked off with continued momentum, highlighted by record breaking ratings for the 2017 Tour de France, which were up 10%. We remain focused on driving digital growth across three complementary tracks: ad-supported online video, subscription based OTT and mobile-first short-form video. First, on the ad-supported front. In the US, our TV Everywhere GO apps continued to see impressive growth with a 72% increase in streams since the fourth quarter 2016, and we continue to attract a much younger demo with half of GO viewers ages 18 to 34. Looking into the current quarter, Shark Week made a huge splash on GO and helped us record our highest live and on-demand streaming to-date on GO, delivering over 4 million on-demand and live streams through Saturday, with over 60% of the audience ages 18 to 34. On our second digital track, we continued to expand our subscription based OTT business through the Eurosport Player, our sports streaming product. I'd like to highlight four key linchpins supporting the continued rollout of this product. The first is an improved technology capability as we transition to the BAMTech platform. Second is our updated product and pricing strategy, namely our recent strategic pivot to a season pass model and a more tailored country-by-country approach. Third, our new and differentiated distribution deals. In the second quarter, we announced two major telco distribution partnerships for the Eurosport Player. One with Telecom Italia and another with Swisscom, the mobile leaders in Italy and Switzerland, respectively. The partnerships commit these two mobile and broadband leaders to market the Eurosport Player to their millions of subscribers, providing a very efficient and exciting customer acquisition pipeline for us. Because they bill for the service, we expect it will be a real helper in acquisition as well as reducing churn because we'll be part of their billing process. Furthermore, Telecom Italia was the first partner to sign up to being the official mobile broadcaster for the Olympics. The partnership grants Telecom Italia access to the rings and brings exclusive and differentiated Olympic Games content to their users. Fourth is leveraging our deep rights packages, notably Eliteserien in Norway, MotoGP and Tennis have been large drivers of the recent sub growth as subs have nearly doubled over the past six months. In summary, we continue to learn a lot about our direct-to-consumer product. The way consumers are interfacing with it, the data we are able to access, and we're very pleased with the continued momentum in our subscriber growth. In this vein, as we continue to focus on driving growth for the Eurosport Player, instead of the old model of simply licensing our channels to a third-party with no customer information, we have made the strategic decision to exploit our Bundesliga soccer rights through the Eurosport Player in Germany for the season, starting in two weeks. This is a big decision, reflecting an important trade-off. We are building asset value at the expense of lower short-term revenues compared with a traditional distribution deal. We're confident these rights will help significantly accelerate growth for our Eurosport Player platform. And we also expect to elevate the Eurosport brand to a new level in Germany, a key market for us. We also continue to see other opportunities to monetize the Bundesliga rights as highlighted by our recent deals to bring the games to Switzerland's Swisscom and Teleclub subscribers. By the time of the first Bundesliga match of the season, we are confident the Eurosport Player will have additional distribution partners in Germany who are recognized household brands in that market. As Gunnar will discuss in more detail, in light of our decision around Bundesliga, we now expect full year international organic distribution growth of approximately 10%. We are still very comfortable with our official constant currency guidance of low to mid-teen adjusted EPS growth and low double-digit free cash flow growth for 2017. During the second quarter, we also announced a deal with Amazon UK to stream Discovery Channel, Eurosport and Olympics content to UK Prime subscribers, extending our reach with the help of Amazon's marketing prowess and data around customer behavior and habits. Finally, we continue to fortify our leadership in short-form, thanks in large part due to Group Nine. Discovery and Snap teamed up last week to bring Snapchatters a mix of highly informative and entertaining Shark Week content on Snapchat Discover. Shark Week on Snapchat was a great success. The Shark Week premier falls within the top three Snapchat show premieres to date in terms of audience size, and over the course of last week, over 12 million unique Snapchatters tuned in to the show. We also have put concepts into development for MythBusters and ID snap series. Since our investment, Group Nine has grown an astonishing 40% to nearly 5 billion monthly streams. The Group Nine relationship and the scale of streams on Facebook has opened doors for us to work with Facebook to greenlight a number of mid-form content series that we recently announced on their Spotlight platform. I'll now turn it over to Gunnar for more details on the quarter.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Now I will share the highlights of our second quarter financials. Our second quarter results were driven by continued global distribution growth combined with a strict focus on cost management. Our total company reported revenues and adjusted OIBDA were both up 2%, while our constant currency revenues and adjusted OIBDA were up 3% and 2%, respectively, as currency impacts on our revenues and profits continue to improve this year. Net income available to Discovery Communications of $374 million decreased versus the second quarter a year ago due to below the line items. On the positive side, we had improved operating performance and a lower effective tax rate of 20%. However, these positive effects were more than offset by a large non-cash $67 million swing in below the line FX expense due to revaluing our cash and other balance sheet items held in foreign currencies as well as higher equity earnings losses, primarily due to the timing of our solar investments. These losses depend on the number of installations going live in the quarter, and we are currently ahead of plan, which led to the losses totaling $42 million in the second quarter versus our expectation of $30 million while the full tax benefit will still come over the balance of the year. Looking forward to the full year. We are now quite confident to achieve a full year tax rate of a couple of hundred basis points below 20% as we continue to benefit from our international asset base as well as our solar investments. The full year book loss from solar is expected to total approximately $200 million with the current expectation that the remaining impact will be split evenly between the third and fourth quarters. Note that net-net, we still anticipate that our solar investments will have a positive impact on the full year net income as the benefits from our tax credits as well as the tax shield on the book losses will more than outweigh around $200 million of book losses. Now let us turn to EPS. Earnings per diluted share for the second quarter was $0.64, and adjusted earnings per diluted share, which excludes the impact of acquisition related non-cash amortization of intangible assets, was $0.68. Keeping in mind the large below the line FX swings mentioned earlier, excluding currency impacts, adjusted EPS was up 9% for the quarter. Second quarter free cash flow was $157 million. The decline versus prior year period was almost completely driven by the timing of working capital. Our full year outlook for free cash flow, excluding FX, has not changed. Turning to the operating units. Let me start with our US Networks. Our US Networks total revenues were up 2%, led by 4% distribution growth and flat reported advertising growth. And adjusted AOIBDA was up 4% given lower SG&A and cost of revenue. Our flat advertising growth or up 1% on an underlying basis, excluding the impact of December's Group Nine transaction and the deconsolidation of Seeker and SourceFed, was primarily due to strong pricing and improved monetization of our GO platform, which again added a point of growth in the quarter, partially offset by lower delivery due to continued Universe declines and the timing of Shark Week, which aired partially in the second and partially in the third quarter last year, but aired 100% in the third quarter this year. As we look ahead to the third quarter of 2017, we currently expect reported US ad growth to accelerate versus the flat growth this quarter and be up low single digits. In more detail, as just mentioned, we will benefit from the timing of Shark Week as well as easier comps versus the Olympics last year. And otherwise, we are seeing similar trends in the second quarter. We expect to continue to maximize yield on our linear networks as pricing remains healthy, which will likely be offset by overall [indiscernible] declines. Additionally included in our outlook is, again, 1 point of growth from our GO platform, which will again be offset by 100 basis points impact from the Group Nine transaction. Now let us look at affiliate revenues. Our second quarter domestic distribution revenues were up 4% with growth drivers similar to the first quarter, higher contracted affiliate rates, partially offset by a decline in subscribers. To a lesser extent, growth was also driven by contributions from other distribution revenues, i.e., content deliveries under licensing agreements. Total portfolio subs in the second quarter declined by just over 4% year-over-year, an acceleration versus the first quarter when subs declined just over 3%. As we stated on our year end call, we still expect 2017 full year distribution revenue growth to be in the mid-single-digit range, assuming subscriber trends remain relatively consistent. We will continue to benefit from higher pricing in our existing affiliate deals and we will also continue to aggressively pursue additional ways to increase our digital distribution revenue and monetize our content across all platforms. With existing and new distribution partners as the media landscape continues to change. Turning to the cost side. Operating expenses in the quarter were down 2%, leading to adjusted OIBDA growth of 4% with margins expanding by 200 basis points to 64%. As we look ahead to the rest of the year, we will continue to focus on managing and limiting US cost growth with year-over-year total cost growth still expected to peak in the low single digits range in the third quarter, partially due to Shark Week and our scripted drama, Manhunt: Unabomber. I will now turn to our international operations. Reported revenues were up 3% and adjusted OIBDA was down 4%, while excluding currency, revenues increased 4%, and adjusted OIBDA was down 5%. For comparability purposes, my following international comments will refer to our organic results only, so will exclude the impact of currency. The 4% second quarter revenue growth was comprised of 7% distribution growth and 1% advertising growth. Our 7% distribution growth was driven by higher affiliate rates throughout Europe, where we have already been successful in monetizing our expanded content portfolio that now includes sports to secure higher contracted pricing increases and higher rates throughout Latin America, partially offset by a onetime favorable contractual adjustment in Europe in the second quarter of last year. Looking forward, as David mentioned, we are revising our full year distribution outlook given our strategic pivot on Bundesliga in Germany, and we now expect growth of approximately 10% for the full year. Let me explain this decision in more detail. Clearly, Bundesliga will not be profitable this year based on the player alone, but as we have stated before, we are optimizing the total value of our sports IP portfolio over the long contract terms. We always want to balance exploitation across linear, digital and sublicensing and, given the early successes we have seen pivoting to the season pass model and leveraging premium rights for the player as well as the high value of these rights, we believe that at this point, this is the best way to maximize monetization. I will reiterate what David said; we will now expect real acceleration of the player and expect to elevate the brand to a new level in the key German market. We're convinced we will be able to build real asset value here, which is clearly a top priority at the expense of short-term revenue growth. As you have seen over the past quarters, we have been successful in limiting our cost growth to create profit headroom that allows us to make such value-oriented exploitative decisions without having to take a hit on AOIBDA. Turning to advertising. Our 1% growth was mostly driven by growth throughout most of Europe, excluding the Nordics, due to improved ratings and volume, offset by declines in the Nordics due to put and share challenges and declines in our smallest region, Asia-Pac. As we look ahead to the third quarter, we expect ad sales to be up low to mid-single digits, helped by easier year-over-year comps with the Olympics and the European Football Championships. We expect to see growth in most Europe and Latin America, again offset by weaknesses in our smallest region, Asia-Pac. Turning to the cost side. Operating expenses internationally grew 8%, primarily due to higher sports content and production costs. Given the tough AOIBDA comp as this quarter saw lower revenue growth from distribution and advertising in the quarter versus higher sports cost this year, AOIBDA growth was down 5%. Looking ahead, we expect total cost growth to peak next quarter at high single to low double digits and then come down in the fourth quarter. As indicated on our last call, we also want to provide an initial framework on how to think about the financial impact of the Olympics for 2018 and beyond. Let me start with some thoughts on the value of these games, please. Summer Games generally have more hours, are more popular and bring in higher revenues than Winter Games. Location matters as well, given the impact of time zones on value in individual markets. As you know, the first three games are in Asia with our current expectation being that the 2024 Games will be in Paris. On this basis, our current working hypothesis, which represents our best expectation at this time, is that we will recognize 10% of the total $1.4 billion rights cost in the first quarter of 2018 with 30% then recognized in 2020, 15% in 2022 and 45% in 2024. Other financial implications for next year's Olympics are: we expect an additional $100 million of production and other costs to also be recognized in the first quarter, and we do not expect the Olympics to have a material impact on our full year profit. As we have discussed before, the majority of revenues will come from sublicensing, which will be recognized in the other international revenue line. And additional revenues from ad sales, digital, as well as some attribution of affiliate revenues in Europe due to the halo effect of having these rights. Now taking a look at our financial overall picture. In the second quarter, we spent a total of $301 million repurchasing our shares after investing $15 million gross in solar. We have now spent over $8.5 billion buying back shares since we began our buyback program in 2010. And we have reduced our outstanding share count by over 38%. During our first quarter call, we talked about a review of our capital structure and allocation approach. Having completed this review, I am happy to largely reiterate our financial policies. Looking forward, as stated, we remain absolutely committed to our investment-grade rating with the new goal of ultimately having our gross leverage between three and 3.5 times. Once we are comfortably in that range, our capital allocation philosophy will remain the same. First, investing in the company and strategic accretive M&A with remaining capital allocated towards buying back stock. Finally, regarding our full year guidance, as mentioned, we are reiterating our expectation that full year 2017 constant currency free cash flow growth will be at least low double digits. I am also pleased to reiterate that constant currency adjusted EPS growth will be at least low to mid-teens. While our net international affiliate outlook is lower, on the positive side, we continue to manage our constant currency total company cost of revenues to be in the high single-digit range versus the previous guidance of high single to low double-digit range. Our budgets had always left us with headroom and, following our success in managing these costs in the first half of the year, we are now comfortable going to the low end of that range. We still expect total company constant currency SG&A growth to be flat to up low single digits. Finally, these metrics exclude any impact from the Scripps deal. Clearly, we do expect additional interest and transaction costs, and we will update you on these items later in the year. I also want to update you on the expected year-over-year foreign exchange impact on our full year reported results, which has again improved versus our prior guidance, given the recent weakening of the dollar as well as our hedging program. Assuming rates stay constant for the rest of the year; the year-over-year FX impact on revenues is now expected to be around flat with a slightly negative impact on advertising revenues and a slightly positive impact on affiliate revenues, canceling each other out. On AOIBDA, currency remains a slight tailwind and is still expected to have a positive impact of $10 million to $20 million. Finally, currency is now expected to have a negative $0.13 to $0.16 impact on adjusted EPS, primarily due to last year's below the line FX gains. In closing, let me come back to the Scripps transaction. This is a very exciting time for us, and we're extremely optimistic about the opportunities this accretive combination creates for our company, for our viewers and for our shareholders. We will become a global content leader in a strong position to drive sustainable growth. The combined company will innovate and leverage our effective brands and expertise across existing and new platforms around the world to drive growth, innovation and long-term value creation for shareholders. Thank you again for your time this morning. And now David, Ken, Bruce and I will be happy to answer your questions. Please note we would like to keep the questions on the transaction and Discovery's second quarter results.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Janedis of Jefferies.
John Janedis: David, when we look at your focus on the international business and sports over the past three years, I guess, this is a bit of a pivot, so can you talk about why now? Is it simply the rapid change in the US? And looking ahead a couple of years, do you think you have the global portfolio you need across all platforms?
David Zaslav: Thanks, John. A great day for us. And it's a good question. There's such alignment in terms of how we see the future with Ken and Scripps. We own almost all of our IP and we take it around the world and can take it on to any platform. And Scripps, similarly, owns its IP. We moved into this structure of thinking about our content more about what will people watch when they can watch anything, and what do we have that people will pay for before they pay for dinner. That's why we got into Eurosport. That's why we did the Olympics and we bought so much sports IP. It's one of the reasons why we've pushed very hard with Kids in Latin America, where we're the leader, and it's one of the reasons why we've really tightened up our brands, whether it's Oprah, Discovery about curiosity, ID with crime, and we believe the ability to take that IP around the world and direct-to-consumer is the future of Discovery. And nobody has done that better in terms of passionate superfan brands than Scripps. A few years ago, when we were looking at Scripps, we were 75% to 80% male around the world with our 10 channels. But over the last four years, we've launched TLC around the world. We have Home & Health. We've launched free-to-air female channels in Europe. And so we think that their content, as we sprinkle it in 55 languages around the world, together with their formats, together with the ability to convert underperforming channels that we have, like we did with ID and with TLC, we could do that with Food and HGTV. So we think that this gives us a huge content engine, and it also allows us to pivot that content onto any platform, whether it'd be skinny bundles, direct-to-consumer or the 7 billion screens out there in mobile. So I think this gives us much more optionality, much more strength and the idea of our company being filled with passionate content that delivers to superfans around the world, Travel, Home and Garden, Food, Cooking, all I think make us much stronger, and it fits right on top of us. We have this huge infrastructure and this just fits right in on top of our existing infrastructure.
John Janedis: Okay. And maybe on the cost front. You guys spoke of the $350 million in the cost synergies. From an affiliate fee perspective, can you speak to any potential in the benefits of scale on future negotiations? And can you help us with any timeline for potential revenue synergy upside?
David Zaslav: Just speaking to the affiliate side, the brands that Ken has developed and the great team that he has at Scripps are some of the most loved brands on cable. When you put them together with us, our mission has been quality brands. Scripps' mission has been quality brands, and so we now have some of the most important quality brand with superfans here in the US Whether, though any entertainment bundle, we would be right in the sweet spot of delivering passionate viewers, people that are spending time watching television or spending time with these brands and we'd be a critical element of that. As I've said many times, as you look around the world, we're on every skinny bundle in a meaningful way around the world because almost every skinny bundle is entertainment. Here, it's a bundle that has sports, and we're the only market with retrans [ph]. We think this helps us with our ability to get on to all bundles, but as there's a transition to skinnier bundles and entertainment bundles, over-the-top, direct-to-consumer, this gives us terrific IP, that helps us, and Ken has been so effective in getting his content on all platforms. Ken, you may want to speak to that?
Ken Lowe: Well, yes, John. I just echo a lot of what David has said. When you look at the future of bringing Scripps into Discovery, it really future proofs our brands, I think, on a global basis. First, let me just say how proud I am today of all our employees and the brands they built, the digital businesses they've built. And now to be able to think about this on a global basis, combining with Discovery, is really exciting. And to echo what David said, the content that we have so successfully, both companies, created developed on linear, now has this huge opportunity on digital basis, on a social basis, on short-form video. And John, you've heard us talk about this for several years now. How we pivoted the company and how we've successfully started moving into these areas. So it's just a historic day for Scripps, for the Scripps family, for the employees of Scripps Networks Interactive, and we couldn't be more excited about the future together and the possibilities that are out there.
David Zaslav: One point on distribution which we think is meaningful. Discovery provides about, today, 12% of the viewership on cable and we get about 6% of the economics. And Scripps provides 8% or 8 plus percent of viewership and also a much - a smaller amount of economics. When you put us together, we're about 20% of the viewership on cable, but we're less than 10% of the economics. And so we're very low priced, which I think gives us some opportunity and headroom to move that up, but more importantly, as people are choosing content to put on a platform, our content, together, way over delivers in a way that's - not just over delivering in terms of the passionate audience or the ratings, but in terms of the economics that it's being paid for it in the marketplace today.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And John, maybe on the synergies, clearly we do see a lot of strategic synergy on the top line as well. As I said earlier, the $350 million number that we have put into our model is purely cost synergies, and we haven't baked in any upsides on the top line.
David Zaslav: So as you look at our international business, all those female channels, generally, our ad revenue over a period of time of like a year would track pretty close to our market share growth, particularly because GDP is about zero around the world. So as our international business was growing double-digit or mid-teens, our market share was growing. And so we look - this isn't built into the model, but we look at their model, at their content, which is basically unencumbered, largely, around the world and being able to convert that into 55 languages, we already have been buying their content in Latin America for Home & Health and seeing a very significant lift, and we'll be able to deploy that content around the world. And if we see market share gain, that'll translate very quickly to real advertising value for us around the world.
John Janedis: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani of JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia Quadrani: Actually my question is sort of a follow-up on that, if you don't mind. On the revenue side, if you could maybe prioritize, it sounds like there's a tremendous opportunity on the revenue side for this combined company. But I'd love it if, in the intermediate term, you could sort of prioritize where you see those kind of lie? Is international sort of at the top of the list? Is it US distribution? I know that a lot of the distribution agreements have recently been signed at Scripps and as well as at Discovery. Does that limit your ability to kind of relook at those until they expire? Or is it maybe in the over-the-top where - I know Scripps is on some over-the-top distributions that Discovery is not. Is there an opportunity to kind of go back and revisit those discussions? If you could sort of give us more color on sort of the - what are the priorities in the immediate term, that would be great?
David Zaslav: Thanks, Alexia. I think it's all of the above. As we look at our company and we put our - we look at our company in baskets. You look at US distribution. I think this helps us with direct - with the skinny bundle. It helps us with the entertainment bundle. It helps us over-the-top and gives us a lot of flexibility to provide more and more content to distributors also on mobile. In addition to the distribution side, on the advertising side, we now have five of the top channels for women and we have an even stronger portfolio to go to the advertising market with. And one of the things that Scripps and Ken and the team have done very effectively that we can learn from is bringing in endemic advertisers. Nobody has done a better job than they have. In short-form - the short-form basket, we think this helps us a lot. We've already invested in Group Nine, where we have over 5 billion streams a month, and we're a leader on Facebook. They are the leader with Food and they have over 2 billion. So together we're now one, two or three in terms of short-form content and that content goes around the world. Domestically and internationally, we think that being able to take our content and use it across all of these channels should help us as we - in many markets where there is some secular decline, the ability to move the talent, the content, the IP around our linear channels, on other platforms gives us I think a real strategic advantage. Ken?
Ken Lowe: Yes. And Alexia, I totally agree with your scenario about top line growth. Just give you one example, and we've talked about it recently. In January, we launched HGTV in Poland, as you know. It immediately, just overnight, has become the second lifestyle network, second only to our other lifestyle network there, Style. But what's been interesting is we've already seen the same pattern with HGTV in Poland that we've seen domestically. And that is the ancillary revenue opportunities, as David said, endemic advertising, the social media that's already sparking up around this. So just imagine launching our brands globally, as David has said, and having the same attributes on a global basis that we've seen domestically. So we think we can bring a lot of firepower to the top line growth with these brands as we accelerate their launch around the world.
David Zaslav: As we look at this combined company, we may have more IP than any other media company. We're certainly up there, and if our strategy is correct that the consolidation by the distributors so that, over the next couple of years, there'll be one distributor providing mobile, broadband, multichannel and hard phone, which we're already seeing in Europe. More and more you see these distributors wanting to decommoditize [ph] that pipe. We did a terrific deal with Bolloré in France. We've done a terrific deal with Drahi. We've done a deal with Telecom Italia. In each case, saying, what IP do you have that could either be exclusive or interesting for us to give to our users or to uniquely nourish our subscribers or users? And we just have now a bigger menu of affinity brands, lots of content we can put together for - down in Europe, in Latin America and here in the US, and we have a lot more data. One of the things that Scripps has done better than anybody is to lean in, not just to the superfan affinity group, but to get data and to have real interaction with them. I mean, Ken talk about that because that's the practice that we think we can really learn from and bring to our company.
Ken Lowe: Well, as we've talked about on our earnings calls over the past several years, these brands bring along an affinity group, a passionate group of folks that we like to say do, what they view. And as we have been able to dig deeper into data, for example, let's take the HGTV Dream Home, where we had over 130 million entries in this year's home. Those are opportunities to get direct communication with consumers where we can bore deeper on data, find out viewing patterns, find out behavior patterns and most importantly buying patterns, and that's why we've been able to over-index on advertising. And if you really look at the future, we've talked about this many times, again, it's taking what we - both companies have done an outstanding job on linear television and now, thinking about how we take that globally to bring in additional revenue streams. So based on everything we have to date and looking at each other, this is just the perfect marriage as far as two companies and two incredible management teams and employee groups coming together.
David Zaslav: One important point about that is that we look at the management team at Scripps and we see that as one of the most important assets that we're acquiring: their ability to program Home and Garden and Food and take it to different platforms and to build a real relationship with the users and to figure out how to nourish them on all platforms. It's a hugely talented team across the board, marketing, programming, sales, and so I think, as we look at it, we get a chance to take our team, which we think is best of class and Ken's team that's best of class and build a company for the future.
Ken Lowe: Yes.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall of RBC. Your line is now open.
Steven Cahall: Just two for me. First, I was just wondering if you might be able to give us a range of EPS accretion that you expect in the first year based on where your current models are today. I know you've got a lot of moving parts today between Olympics and the change to the SNI outlook, etc. And then secondly, I was just wondering if you could give us a little more detail on what you saw in the quarter in terms of the slowing or - sorry, the accelerating subscriber declines at the portfolio level that you mentioned. Do you think this is a seasonal thing? Do you think this has to do with maybe the introduction of some of the VMVPDs? Or do you think that this may start to be a trend that you see in future quarters? Thank you and congratulations.
David Zaslav: I'll hit the universe decline piece. It's about 3% is what we're seeing for our larger channels. Some of the smaller channels that we have are seeing a decline a little bit larger than that. It's pretty hard to tell based on the quarter. You look at what each of the distributors are reporting, and it feels like maybe that's about right, maybe it's a little bit better for us than that, but we'll just have to see whether it levels off at that, gets a little better or gets a little worse. It's very hard to tell but, right now, it's around 3% for our bigger networks.
Ken Lowe: Right, and even on the accretion, I think we kind of hit a sweet spot with a 70-30 cash versus equity mix, making use of the balance sheet without jeopardizing investment-grade rating. So we clearly look at a deal which is going to be accretive in the first year already. I will also say that the $350 million synergy number, I'm very, very confident with our ability to achieve that. To remind you, we're planning to achieve 100% of that by 2019 and about 50% in 2018. And as I said earlier, I'm very, very confident that we will not only achieve but likely overachieve this number.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Swinburne: David, could you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about direct-to-consumer in the US? I know it's something you've been working on in Europe and have deployed. Sounds like you're having some success there. The US market is trickier given the earnings you generate from the bundle. Does this deal change sort of your calculus on going to market here? And do you have the capabilities and the rights you need to do it here if you so choose? And then, I just have a couple of quick ones for Gunnar. Gunnar, any tax synergies or tax comments you can give us about the pro forma entity? You guys have a, I think, a 500, 600 basis point lower tax rate than Scripps does with some nice cash tax characteristics as well. Can you help us think about the tax impact on the deal? And on Bundesliga, I assume those rights fees grow for you every year that you pay the Bundesliga. What is the strategic decision you've made with the Eurosport mean as you move through the rest of the life of this contract? Do those losses sort of increase in the first part of the contract? Wondering if you can help us think about the impact of this decision on sort of the life of the contract, would be great?
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. This new company is going to have tremendous optionality, but the ecosystem in the US remains extremely healthy for us. Our US business, as Discovery is continuing to grow, together we think we can grow in a meaningful way for a lot of the reasons that we've already explained. Working with the distributors will be a very effective way to take all these quality brands and skinnier bundles and have them reach more consumers and more demos. Going over-the-top with some of our existing distributors or some of the new players will be a way to add incremental opportunity. I think we're going to be extremely attractive. We should be the core of any skinny bundle. Discovery was the number one most valued brand for over-the-top and for women, Home and Garden and Food are in the top three or four most selected brands. You add to that OWN and TLC and ID, which is the number one channel for women in America, we have quite a compelling offering that we could bring to any distributor or we can come together with a few others and do it ourselves. And so I think we have a lot of optionality. Let me just hit the Bundesliga point because I think it's very important strategically. The direct-to-consumer business, we think, is a huge part of the future of our company. It's one of the reasons why we have been investing in Eurosport. We did the BAM deal. We have our sports Netflix product, which we're finding some real traction on now. We're learning a lot about - it's been two years, and in two years, we learned that our platform wasn't good enough, so we did the BAM deal. We now have that platform, which will be fully rolled out within the next six months. We've been talking to consumers for two years about what they like about our player, what they don't, how they'd like to have our content. We've changed the idea. Before we thought it was effectively like an ESPN all-you-can-eat for $8 and now, we're finding it's really more like a magazine rack. People that love tennis are willing to pay a lot more, but all they want is tennis. And some people who want cycling, all they want is cycling. We had to talk to the users because they would come in for the French Open and then the churn would be huge, and we'd say, but wait a minute, MotoGP is on and cycling is on, and they said, No, no, I love the tennis, that's what I want. And so we're changing our pricing, we're changing our approach, our churn is coming down. We've almost doubled our subscriber base in the last few months. And so, we see the ability to take the Bundesliga in Germany direct-to-consumer now that we have a strong platform, a really good team that we built out of London that's just in the direct-to-consumer business. It's a direct marketing business. It's a team that deals with churn that deals with credit cards. And it took us two years to build that team and we're ready to go now. And the idea of building a direct-to-consumer sports business across Europe, 740 million people. If we could get that to scale, the kind of multiple that you guys are giving to Netflix, and we look at that and we say, we have a very profitable existing business and if we can build this direct-to-consumer business in Europe, and we're doing it with our other IP and we think we can do it with some of these affinity brands around the world, that we could come out of this terminal value tunnel as one of the big winners in media.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: And Ben, maybe to add to that. I mean, as you say, it's a long-term deal, it's four years. There are no meaningful increases in terms of the license fee over that deal term. And the way we look at it is we optimize the value of that contract over the full lifetime. The landscape is going to evolve over those four years. As a matter of fact, we're in the process of talking to a number of other partners. Matter of fact, we're confident that we will be announcing additional partnerships before the first match is going on air. So there's a lot of moving parts in that whole deal, and we continue to see a lot of value that we're optimizing out of that contract.
David Zaslav: The final point, which I think is important that we learned is we could be in the direct marketing business for our IP, but it's much more powerful if you can get existing distributors to market it and bill for it. So when we send a bill, whether it's $8 or $18 or $29 for a season's pass to a particular product, we're billing and the customer is now getting that every month. The deal that we did with Telecom Italia and Swisscom, they're now billing for us and they're marketing for us. And I think that, we believe, as we take that across Europe is going to be a huge helper for us. The idea that someone is now getting a bill for $116 and $8 or $10 or $12 of that is us, we believe that that's going to reduce churn. It's reduced churn significantly for Netflix. As John Malone would call it, it's check the box. It gives you an incremental heft in your marketer, and it puts you in a billing system that's much more sustainable. And that's a key part of our strategy, and we've proven that out in early stage by getting two of the bigger players in Europe to sign on with us. And we're going to look to take that across Europe.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Right. So on your tax question, Ben, so we haven't factored any tax synergies into our model. That being said, of course, we will continue to be very, very focused on optimizing our tax rate. So let's wait until the deal closes, and I'm sure taxes will remain a key factor in all our decisions.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson of UBS. Your line is now open.
Douglas Mitchelson: A few quick ones for Gunnar, and then one for David. Gunnar, any asset sales being considered at all to accelerate the deleveraging process?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: We're not planning any asset sales, but clearly let's wait until the deal closes and then we'll take a look at the broader portfolio and see how we can extract the best value out of the combined business. We're not planning any sales and we haven't baked anything into the numbers.
David Zaslav: One of the great things about this transaction is it's one-over-one. You look at TVN in Poland for instance. That's a very big market for us. We pick up a huge amount of EBITDA and a lot of market share in Poland. UKTV, our number one market is the UK, and we think that was a very smart investment. We like the BBC very much. Tony Hall has been a great partner to us and being able to step into those shoes, we're looking forward to that and seeing what we can do together. But you look at their overall assets, we're in the same business, and so we don't look at it and say, they've got a radio business here or they're in a different business there that we should get out of. They're in the core business that we are, and we think those core assets make us, together, stronger.
Douglas Mitchelson: That's helpful, and then I just wanted to confirm the commentary around EPS accretion. Is that for GAAP EPS or adjusted EPS, excluding purchase price accounting or both?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Well, that would be, in the first year, clearly for adjusted EPS because we'll have some transaction costs but, going forward, it's going to be for both.
Douglas Mitchelson: For both? And then I noticed in the press release and commentary on the Advance/Newhouse share class change. Is there anything meaningful in terms of the new class of stock versus the old class of stock?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: No. In terms of the economics and ratios, etc., nothing has changed. There's no real value transfer. It's really just a flexibility increase. But Bruce, do you want to?
Bruce Campbell: Yes, it's Bruce. That's exactly right. The transaction, which was negotiated actually by a special committee of our board, from an Advance/Newhouse perspective, just gives them more flexibility and liquidity in the C shares that they hold. But in exchange for that and the reason the company went along with the agreement, Advance/Newhouse have a consent right over the Scripps deal, so as part of this exchange, they gave their consent. In addition, they agreed to give the company a 7.5 year right of first offer should Advance/Newhouse decide to sell their Series A preferred shares, which have special voting rights attached to them. And then lastly, for the C common shares, which now have increased liquidity for Advance/Newhouse, they did, however, agree to a three-year lockup on those shares that kind of plays out over the next three years. So it was a good exchange for both parties.
Douglas Mitchelson: David, given the strategy change on Bundesliga games in Germany and the commentary you gave earlier on the Eurosport Player progress, can you give us sort of the [technical difficulty] about the Olympics and the sublicensing progress so far? I think there might be some news out for licensing in Germany?
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks. We had said earlier that we were going to do the Olympics ourselves in Germany with the buzz and it's not final, but the buzz around Paris being a possibility for 2024 and with the momentum that we were able to build across Europe, we ended up back in discussions with ARD ZDF, the public broadcaster in Germany. It's one of our biggest markets. And we're very close to deal with them where we would give them rights to broadcast the Olympics, but it will be quite creative and the Olympics in Germany will be, like in other markets, much more robust than it's ever been. It'll follow the model that I worked on at NBC with Dick Ebersol and Jack Welch and Bob Wright, and that was - you put a significant amount on broadcast, but our deal would provide a significant amount that would go on our Eurosport channels. We also have a free-to-air channel of Eurosport in Germany along with the full bouquet of content for digital that would be available to us to make available throughout Germany. And we think that this provides not just a good economic package, but it'll also give us an opportunity to really put on a terrific show in Germany together.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Right, and Doug, just one follow-up on the EPS. To be very clear, obviously, the reported EPS accretion will depend on the amount of purchase price amortization - allocation amortization that we need to book. That's obviously still being worked out, but we should focus on adjusted EPS.
David Zaslav: A last point on the Olympics. If it turns out to be Paris, it will be a very big deal for us as we have the Olympics across all of Europe in 2024 and the buildup to it. There's a tremendous amount of excitement all across Europe at the prospect of it. And it really enhances that IP. We have so many Olympic rights that will be leading up to that, and as we put our bouquet of IP together across Europe, the crescendo, if it were to happen, would be very good for us.
Douglas Mitchelson: David, do you have a sense of when that would be announced?
David Zaslav: Probably within the next few weeks, I think, yes.
Douglas Mitchelson: Thank you. Thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Rich Greenfield of BTIG. Your line is now open.
Brandon Ross: John - it's Brandon Ross for Rich. John Malone has talked openly about the move for the so-called free radicals to combine. Is this step one of several? Or you now have sufficient stuff [ph] as you see the media industry rapidly changing? And then just one more, do you see any of the brands that you have in the combined portfolio that may not make sense in the combined company?
David Zaslav: Thanks so much, Brandon. First, John loves this deal as does the Newhouse family. And I would say it's a very big step 1 because there is no final step for any media company today. But one of the most attractive things about this deal is not only is it accretive for us but within 18 to 24 months of this acquisition, we'll be below 3.5 times levered. We'll have a very flexible balance sheet with a lot of artillery. We're not out of bullets. Over the next two years, we still have enough room to do some selective purchases that are smaller, if we need to. But what's more important is that within two years, we'll be, in today's numbers, almost a $40 billion company enterprise value with a very strong balance sheet that will be levered below 3.5 times, and the optionality at that point to look at what else do we need to have sustainable high growth to come out of this terminal value tunnel as one of the big winners. What else do we need to add? Whether we need to add by investing in ourselves, in the brands that Scripps has developed, in more talent or more acquisitions to assure the fact that we continue to be the leader, the number one international media company, the leader in sports, the leader in kids and drive our content to all platforms. And so we love the idea that we're stronger with more optionality with - in less than two years after closing. Gunnar, anything to add to that? No?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: No.
David Zaslav: Okay.
Brandon Ross: Anything on the specific brands?
David Zaslav: On the brands. I think we'll evaluate all of them. At least for us, we had started to move toward looking at our 12 channels here in the US and seeing that a strong eight may be the direction that the industry is going. It's one of the reasons why when we restructured our deals, did all of our new deals, we were able to do it so that 85% of the revenue came from six of our channels. And the overwhelming majority of ad revenue comes from six or seven of our channels. Ken and Scripps have developed a lot of very strong brands. We haven't really gotten into it with Ken and the team to try and get their best sense of which - of whether all of them are going to be survivors and winners or whether some of them need to be invested in more or maybe some of them could be taken in a different way to mobile or to consumer. So Ken, your thought on your brands?
Ken Lowe: Well, Rich, as a now former free radical, no longer floating around out there. Look, I think you bring up a great question, but what we're finding, and I think that you could say the same for Discovery, is some of these brands have a very passionate base that may not necessarily, for the future, be a linear platform or a platform that we necessarily have thought about in the past. So when we think about these brands and especially on a global basis and beyond the deals that David and I have been doing for, as he said, 30 years, I believe we've been together that long, but I think we have to think in terms of might some of these reside in direct-to-consumer type brands, which would have a different financial model. But it's way too early, at least, I'm just speaking for the Scripps side, to start thinking about which brands “go away” as opposed to which brands are better positioned in a different format and a different delivery, and we're already working on some of those. You've heard us talk about it. If you take, for example, Food and Cooking, maybe you're only interested just in Italian cooking, maybe you're only interested in French cooking, comfort cooking. Those are passionate consumer bases that may or may not support a video or social model or short-form model. So I think the great thing about putting these two combined companies together, and I just have to go back through some of the headline numbers, 8,000 hours we're creating collectively each year. We have ownership of 300,000 hours. So let's think more about the opportunities ahead of us, less about what goes away as businesses. What other businesses can we enhance and develop? And to me, that's the real excitement of the announcement today, Rich.
Brandon Ross: We'll be waiting to hear. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkat of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Kannan Venkat: Just a couple from me. First on the Olympics, Gunnar. So you mentioned the cost recognition schedule over the next few years, which was very helpful. Thanks for that. But on the cash flow front, should we assume a similar schedule? Or does the cash flow vary compared to the cost recognition on the income statement?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: No, you can assume pretty much the same flow there.
Kannan Venkat: Okay, and secondly, David, on the skinny bundles, it looks like there was a little bit of an acceleration this quarter on the pace of sub losses. The acquisition of Scripps, is this one of the ways - is there an ability, at least from your end, to use Scripps deals with, say, Hulu or YouTube in order to try and negotiate terms to get into some of these skinny bundles? Is that one of the objectives of this deal? And is that possible given how the deals are structured?
David Zaslav: Thank you. We've been in discussions with all of those providers. We are on the Sony platform, the DIRECTV NOW platform. I think it probably helps with those discussions to have more channels, to be in business with them already. I think they're all going to be learning. They're launching, and they're going to be hearing from customers what they like, what's missing. So I think it's all a work in progress, but we do think we have the makings ourselves for a very - the very compelling core of a skinny bundle. And there's all kinds of optionality, whether we go with existing players, new players, we go with other players in the marketplace, we go over-the-top with other players in the marketplace. There's a lot of different ways to play it, and we'll be really listening to the consumers. There's no question that there will be an evolution. It exists everywhere else in the world. And more importantly, right now, distributors are starting to offer Netflix. And so it's just kind of logical to look in the US and see these large distributors that have millions of customers that are broadband only, and the only product that they're offering them is Netflix. And so they should be offering them a product that - we grew up in business together. We have great content that's nourishing. And so I think you'll be seeing existing distributors putting together over-the-top packages. One, because they'll make money on it; and two, because consumers that are buying Netflix want other products. They want great quality television. They want other choices. And so I think that will happen. It's just a question of how quickly, and we'll try and accelerate those discussions because we think it's good for the ecosystem.
Kannan Venkat: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet of Citi. Your line is now open.
Jason Bazinet: I just had one backward-looking question and one forward-looking. Gunnar, the 8.7 times you said you paid for this asset, I guess that confuses me because in the release it says $14.4 billion EV and I think Scripps did about $1.4 billion of EBITDA with new guidance for sort of flat as you move into - from '16 to '17. And then they don't control 100% or they consolidate the EBITDA, but they don't own all of Food. So can you just explain how you got to the 8.7 times? And then my second question is for Ken, actually. The UK and Poland notwithstanding, what was the main impediment that prevented you from going internationally more aggressively? Was it an on the ground sales force? Or is it more a function of the content being sort of readily applicable to international markets? And the reason I ask is that might give us some window into how quickly Discovery could pivot and accelerate top line growth. Thanks.
Gunnar Wiedenfels: All right. So Jason, so the math is as follows: If you take the $90 per share that takes you to 11.9 times for the equity. Then there is about $2.7 billion in net debt and then, clearly, we have taken into account minorities and unconsolidated profits. And then the big step back is the $350 million synergy potential that we see, and that takes you back down to that 8.7 times range.
Jason Bazinet: So it puts in 100% of the multiyear synergies in the 2017 numbers?
Gunnar Wiedenfels: Right.
Jason Bazinet: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Ken Lowe: And Jason, it's Ken. A great question and one that, as you heard earlier, I'm very excited about because if you look at our opportunities on a global basis, this acquisition by Discovery just accelerates it in light years. If you go back and look at the history of these two companies, Discovery very smartly, early on, thought globally where we really have only moved globally in the last five years. So if you take the infrastructure, the distribution, and quite frankly, the time that Discovery has been developing this global footprint, global distribution network, if you will, they can almost immediately accelerate a lot of our brands that, in my opinion, would have taken several years to really fill out. And some of this is nothing more than just the time, energy and effort it takes to get there. Each country has its own culture, its own challenges. And what we found, and I'll go back to HGTV in Poland, when we can get our brands into a country, when we can localize them, in the case of HGTV Poland, a lot of Polish content, just not exporting our American continent, but creating content in these categories, food a great example, travel a great example. And you have two of the best storytelling, creative content teams in the industry between Discovery and Scripps. And now you take the Discovery infrastructure and you put our brands into it, and it's just very, very exciting. And I would expect to see our brands accelerate immensely as far as distribution, popularity and connecting with consumers once the marriage comes together. Hope that answers your question, Jason?
Jason Bazinet: So it's essentially both, on the ground sales plus you need to tailor the content?
Ken Lowe: Yes. I mean it's there. They're there. It takes a while - it takes - David will tell you, it takes a while to build these organizations out, to get them structured, to get on the ground, and we have found that. So this really just accelerates everything for Scripps.
David Zaslav: I guess the only thing that I would add is that the great thing about the dual revenue stream cable model, as we all know, is it's somewhat of a gated community. And so we're sitting, in a lot of these markets, where there's 50 channels and we have 10 or 12. And so when we decided we wanted to roll out ID or TLC, we could just flip those channels. And not only do we have infrastructure but we have channels that are on basic cable with subscriber fees in decent channel position. And so we can choose to take the content and make our female channels better or we can just flip an existing channel that's in good position and very quickly have it accelerating in. And as Ken said, you don't win by just bringing the US content. We would do local, but local tends to be less extensive, significantly less expensive.
Ken Lowe: Totally, yes.
Jason Bazinet: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Barton Crockett of FBR Capital Markets. Sir, your line is now open.
Barton Crockett: Okay. I guess, a couple of things. First, Ken, I was wondering if you could talk about why you're taking monthly cash in this transaction as opposed to getting more equity participation in the combination? And as part of that, is - the trust that's been there since the beginning, the strong [ph] TV assets that you created, so they might have had a step up in cost basis, but are there tax concerns that make them relatively agnostic to the stock versus the cash? That's the first question.
Ken Lowe: Sure. Well, first off, I think, from day one, this was all about value. It was all about the right place, as far as the Scripps family was concerned, for the company, the brands and the employees. So you looked at total value overall, but - and I can't speak specifically for the family, obviously, but I think the tax issue part of it became less important over time than did what was the right partnership and the right place for SNI, for Scripps networks. So they're very excited of reuniting, if you will, with the Newhouse family. The Scripps and Newhouse family goes back for a number of years, joint newspaper operations. The Scripps family and John Malone owned cable systems together back in the '80s and '90s. So the opportunity to team once again with great partners, great stakeholders, and evaluation that the family felt for all shareholders is the best possible outcome, I think, is really what drove the family's approval of this deal. So taxes are always a consideration, but on top of value is very much about what was right for this company going forward and what was right for the employees. So that's probably the best way to answer that part.
David Zaslav: I would just sign off by saying how excited we are to welcome all the Scripps employees. It's going to be several months before the deal closes, but the idea of having them become part of our family, having Ken become part of our family, have all the incredible brands and creativity and energy. And we have so many great people here at Discovery that are chomping at the bit to try and - to get to meet all of you and to work together. And I think it's going to be a fantastic ride for us. The whole leadership team couldn't be more excited, and we're off to the races. So thank you all very much.
Ken Lowe: And let me just add one thing because David was so generous with his comments up front. For a company that I helped create, to be able to bring it to this level and now see the opportunities that Discovery brings to Scripps, that's exciting. But to turn the keys over to a person who I've known, as David said, for over 30 years and have nothing but the utmost respect for on a personal and professional basis, to know that David is going to be leading these two companies forward as they come together, for me, is personally exciting. And I can't wait to see what the future holds because it's going to be a great run and a great ride, and I'm so pleased and happy for my friend, David.
David Zaslav: Thank you, Ken, and we're going to take that ride together.
Barton Crockett: Okay. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jackie Burka - Discovery Communications, Inc. David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc. Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC Richard Greenfield - BTIG LLC Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC David Joyce - Evercore Group LLC Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Discovery Communications First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Jackie Burka, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Jackie Burka - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications first quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and for the first time, Gunnar Wiedenfels, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Gunnar, and then we will open up the call for your questions. Please keep to one question so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2015, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Discovery's first quarter marked a solid start to 2017 highlighted by strong gains in global distribution revenues, continued ratings momentum across our portfolio of superfan brands and channels, and distinct progress in growing our digital and direct-to-consumer businesses. As the media landscape continues to evolve, we are focused on strengthening our global content portfolio and positioning it to reach our superfans every way they consume content. We continue to make significant headway on our strategy of maximizing our existing linear business, while simultaneously driving growth and investing in areas like mobile and OTT. Since the start of the year, we expanded multiple existing digital initiatives such as: our Amazon SVOD channels partnership in the U.S.; we made demonstrable progress with Eurosport Player, our live streaming service in Europe that provides an all access pass to the greatest sports events; and we entered into several strong new digital partnerships, including a pioneering joint venture with Germany's ProSieben to create a next-generation streaming OTT service, a first of its kind partnership in Europe. I'd like to spend a moment talking about the solid performance of our global content portfolio. In the U.S., our networks outperformed the down-market in both prime and total day led by Discovery and TLC, and also strength at ID, OWN and Velocity, which helped drive our U.S. ad sales up 2% on an underlying basis or 1% excluding the impact of the Group Nine transaction. And internationally, our ad sales grew 3%. In the U.S., Discovery Channel was again the number one non-sports cable network for men. And TLC continued its resurgence, gaining nearly 20% and ranking as a top ranked network for women. Internationally, TLC posted strong double digit viewership for the quarter and set new delivery records. At ID, we maintained first place in total debuting among women in the U.S., a significant achievement with also the longest length of view in cable. We did that while growing our international ID viewership by 17%. Velocity and, international counterpart, Turbo saw their highest U.S. ratings ever and substantial international growth in the high [audio skip] (5:01) men's demo. Turning to our distribution business, our domestic affiliate revenue grew 5% in the first quarter and our international affiliate revenue climbed 10% organically, driven in part by our enhanced portfolio of sports, including the Olympic Games in Europe for the next four games, which begins next year. Looking next at our overall digital and direct-to-consumer business, we continue to aggressively pursue our three-pronged global digital strategy. First, we are driving our authenticated TV Everywhere offerings that enable cable and satellite superfans to watch our long-form content wherever they want, whenever they want. Second, we're taking our long-form content over-the-top with new distribution partners as well as direct-to-consumer offerings. Finally, we are focused on short-form mobile-first content that appeals largely to a younger audience. During the quarter, we made real progress with our first initiative around TV Everywhere. In the U.S., our suite of GO apps is growing rapidly and are also driving awareness and engagement for our linear brands. Our GO apps are now available to 80% of U.S. households. And by year-end, we expect they will be available on 115 million connected devices including on Roku, PlayStation 4, Apple TV and Xbox. We are seeing great consumer engagement with GO, especially with younger viewers. Even as our streaming volume increases, 18 to 34 year olds still account for half of our visitors. GO is now delivering incremental revenues as well. In the first quarter, we realized a full point of ad sales growth domestically from GO. And we expect to continue improving our monetization going forward. Outside the U.S., our market-leading TV Everywhere product in Latin America, Discovery Kids Play, continues to grow. We now have 60% distribution across all of Latin America, with 90% distribution in Brazil. And in Europe, our direct-to-consumer streaming service, Dplay, reported 19% year-over-year subscriber growth as both local content and global tent poles like Gold Rush helped drive higher overall viewing across linear and digital. The second piece of our digital strategy is expanding the reach of our long-form content through over-the-top direct-to-consumer and onto new and emerging platforms. As mentioned, the Eurosport Player, our sports Netflix product, is off to a fantastic start this year with year-to-date gross subs up over 70% and our total sub base up almost 50% year-over-year, suggesting our new season pass strategy from Paul Guyardo and his team is beginning to work. You may recall that it was Paul who built DIRECTV's NFL Sunday Ticket season pass and other sports packages to an over $2 billion business. Paul's country-by-country approach has pivoted the business away from a one size fit all model to one that marries tailoring pricing and packaging strategies such as seasons passes with specific premium and local sports rights. Another key direct-to-consumer offering is our recently announced joint venture with Germany's number one commercial broadcaster, ProSieben. Together, we are launching an ad and subscription option video on demand service that will stream our combined free-to-air channels in Germany. This product will help strengthen our All Screen strategy and deliver incremental advertising dollars in one of our most important international markets. We will welcome discussions with other media companies to participate in our partnership. We also continue to pursue OTT and direct-to-consumer products in deep niche verticals that appeal to our fans with specific affinities and passions. In the U.S., our Amazon streaming channels continue to grow, and we recently launched a third subscription video on demand channel on Amazon, Say Yes, featuring more than 500 hours of exclusive wedding content. Say Yes follows the success of True Crime Files by ID and Destination Unknown, which we launched last year. While it's early days, we believe our niche verticals have strong appeal with superfans, and we continue to explore opportunities for our genres where we have a unique brand advantage. Our third area of focus in digital is creating short-form mobile-first content that appeals primarily to a younger audience. A key vehicle is our strategic partnership with Group Nine, which continues to build momentum and, today, achieves 4.2 billion monthly video views across our properties, including Thrillist, The Dodo, Seeker and NowThis. We continue to work together to sell our Group Nine brands in conjunction with our GO apps in order to deliver a true 360-degree solution targeting millennials. During the quarter, we also announced that Group Nine's NowThis, a leading creator of short-form video for social media, and Eurosport will partner to produce and distribute sports-related social media, including content around the 2018 Olympic Winter Games. We're also working closely with Snapchat, which we see as an important new way to reach younger viewers, leveraging the platform's 160 million daily users, over half of who are ages 13 to 24. We now have several Snapchat channels, including Eurosport, NowThis and The Dodo, and we'll also be creating premium Snapchat content around marquee Discovery brands like Shark Week starting this summer. In summary, as the media industry continues to evolve, we will continue to grow our businesses while positioning ourselves for the future with new ways to reach and engage our global superfans. Part of paving a successful road ahead is ensuring we have the best, most forward-looking team in media. We recently welcomed Gunnar Wiedenfels as our new CFO and he has hit the ground running. Gunnar's extensive experience in Europe and international markets and in building direct-to-consumer and digital businesses is already proving invaluable as we focus increasingly on all three areas to drive growth at Discovery. So, for the first time, I'll turn the call over to Gunnar for a detailed look at our financial performance.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone, also from my side. I want to start off by saying that I'm very excited to be here at Discovery. Discovery is a company with an incredible global reputation, especially in Europe, and I have followed its trajectory closely throughout my career. David and his team have built an unrivaled portfolio of global brands that is uniquely positioned for growth around the world. I am thrilled to have joined this world-class team and to bring my prior experience in the European and digital markets to this exciting and dynamic company. I'm very optimistic about Discovery's strategic positioning and outlook, and I look forward to speaking with all of you more going forward. Now, delving into our financials, as David highlighted, our first quarter results were driven by continued global distribution growth combined with a strict focus on cost management. Our total company reported revenues and adjusted OIBDA were up 3% and 5%, respectively, while constant currency revenues and adjusted OIBDA were up 5% and 4%, respectively. Currency impacts continue to improve. In the first quarter, currency reduced revenue growth by 2%, while the combination of our successful hedging program and certain emerging market currencies moving in our favor led to currency helping our adjusted OIBDA growth by 1%. Net income available to Discovery Communications of $215 million decreased versus the first quarter a year ago. This was on the positive side driven by our improved operating performance and lower effective tax rate. These positive effects were more than offset by a one-time debt extinguishment charge, a larger solar-related loss from equity investees, and higher restructuring charges. Please let me explain these effects in a bit more detail. Our tax rate of 20% was a full 700 basis points lower than our full year 2016 rate as we began to realize the beneficial tax credits of our investments in solar power. On the flip side, our equity income was impacted by an initial first quarter $83 million pre-tax book loss due to the timing of losses allocated from our solar investments. These book losses created a negative equity income, which was otherwise positively impacted by improved contributions from OWN and other investments. Looking forward on the full year, we still expect our full year tax rate to be 20% or below, primarily due to our solar investments, while the full year book loss from solar is expected to total approximately $200 million, approximately $30 million of which are expected for the second quarter. Net-net, we still anticipate that our solar investments will have a positive impact on full year net income as the benefits from our tax credits as well as the tax shield on the book losses will more than outweigh the $200 million book losses. Let us now turn to EPS. Earnings per diluted share for the first quarter was $0.37 and adjusted earnings per diluted share, which excludes the impact of acquisition-related non-cash amortization of intangible assets, was $0.41. That means, excluding currency impacts, adjusted EPS was down $0.05 or 11% for the quarter, but was up 9% year-over-year for the last 12-month period. Excluding currency impacts and the $34 million or $0.06 after-tax one-time debt extinguishment charges, first quarter adjusted EPS increased by 2%. First quarter free cash flow, while traditionally the lowest of the year, did increase significantly to $208 million. This was primarily due to a large decrease in cash tax payments, partially due to certain payments being deferred to the second quarter this year versus being paid in the first quarter last year, as well as our improved operating results despite higher capital expenditures due to an increase in technology and infrastructure spending. Turning to the operating units, let me start with U.S. Networks. Our U.S. Networks had another solid quarter, with total revenues up 3%, led by 5% distribution growth and 1% advertising growth, and adjusted OIBDA up 6% given our reduction of total domestic costs. Our advertising growth of 1%, or 2% on an underlying basis excluding the impact of December's Group Nine transaction and the deconsolidation of Seeker and SourceFed, was primarily due to pricing and improved monetization of our GO platforms, which added a point of growth in the quarter, partially offset by lower delivery due to continued universe decline. As we look ahead to the second quarter of 2017, we currently expect U.S. ad growth to be up low-single digits on an underlying basis or flat to up slightly on a reported basis after including the impact from the Group Nine transaction. In more detail, while delivery is expected to be down due to continued universe declines and Shark Week moving to the third quarter versus mostly in the second quarter last year, we continue to maximize yield on our linear networks as pricing remains healthy. Additionally, included in our outlook is, again, a point of growth from our GO platform. Looking at distribution, our first quarter domestic distribution revenues were up 5%, with growth primarily driven by higher contracted affiliate rates partially offset by a slight decline in subscribers. To a lesser extent, the growth was driven by contributions from other distribution revenues, i.e., content deliveries under licensing agreements. Total portfolio subs in the first quarter declined by just over 3% year-over-year, a slight acceleration versus the fourth quarter. As we stated on our year-end call, we still expect 2017 full year distribution revenue growth to be in the mid-single digit range, assuming subscriber trends remain relatively consistent. We will continue to benefit from higher pricing in our existing affiliate deals and we will also continue to aggressively pursue additional ways to increase our digital distribution revenues and monetize our content across all platforms with existing and new distribution partners as the media landscape continues to change. Turning to the cost side, operating expenses in the quarter were down 2%. Costs of revenues were down 5%, mostly due to lower impairment charges and the timing of content expense. SG&A increased 4%, primarily due to higher marketing costs. The decline in total cost led to an adjusted OIBDA growth of 6% with margins expanding by almost 200 basis points to an impressive 60%. As we look ahead to the rest of the year, we will continue to focus on managing limiting U.S. cost growth with a year-over-year total cost growth expected to peak in the low-single digit range in the third quarter due to Shark Week and our scripted drama MANHUNT: UNABOMBER. I will now turn to our international operations. Reported revenues and adjusted OIBDA were up 5% and 7% respectively, while excluding currency, revenues increased 8% and adjusted OIBDA increased 4%. For comparability purposes, my following international comments will refer to our organic results only, so will exclude the impact of currency. The 8% first quarter revenue growth was comprised of 10% distribution growth and 3% advertising growth. Our 10% distribution revenue growth was driven by higher affiliate rates throughout Europe where we have already been successful in monetizing our expanded content portfolio that now includes sports to secure higher contracted pricing increases. Second driver was Latin America with an increased subscriber number and higher pricing. Looking forward, second quarter growth will decelerate 200 basis points from the 10% increase in the first quarter. This is primarily due to prior year comps with a catch up effect associated with contract renewals in the second quarter of last year. That being said, for the full year, we're still aiming for the distribution revenue growth of 12% to 13%. Our 3% advertising growth was mostly driven by increases in the Nordics, primarily due to higher pricing and volume and the absence of the Telenor blackout that occurred in the first quarter of 2016, higher volume and ratings in Latin America, and higher pricing and volume in CEEMEA. These increases were offset by declines in the UK, where we were impacted by overall market weakness as the total market was down in the high-single digit range as well as lower ratings on our own networks, and declines in our smallest market, Asia-Pacific, primarily due to weakness in India post November's demonetization. As we look ahead to the second quarter, we expect ad sales to again be up in the low-to-mid single digit range as we expect positive ad growth in Southern and Eastern Europe, the Nordics, and LatAm to likely again be partly offset by declines in Asia-Pacific and the UK due to continued market softness. Turning to the cost side, operating expenses internationally grew 9% in the first quarter, primarily due to higher sports content and production costs. Looking ahead, we expect total cost growth to be in the high-single digits to low-double digit range each quarter for the rest of the year with growth peaking in the third quarter primarily due to the timing of our sports rights. Now, taking a look at our overall financial picture, in the first quarter, we spent a total of $200 million repurchasing our own shares after investing a gross amount of $181 million in solar. We have now spent over $8.2 billion buying back shares since we began our buyback program in 2010, and we have reduced our outstanding share count by over 36%. Discovery's capital allocation philosophy will be a top priority of mine over the next couple of months, and I will work closely with David, our senior management team and our board of directors on how to best position the company to maximize returns on our invested capital. While we remain completely committed to maintain our investment grade rating, we will take a fresh look at our target leverage ratios and investment priorities as well as hurdle rates. At this point, for the second quarter, our capital allocation priorities will be the same as over the last two quarters. We're not committing to a specific level of buybacks, but we'll allocate excess capital beyond any high return investments towards repurchasing our shares. On solar, we have already spent over half of the $340 million 2017 gross commitment amount. And in the second quarter, we currently expect to invest another $50 million in additional solar investments. One other item I would like to note is the financial impact of the Raw and Betty sale, which closed at the end of April. Raw and Betty contributed approximately $8 million to $10 million of revenues per quarter to our Education and Other segment, which includes our studios business, with a minimal impact on adjusted OIBDA. Finally, we are reiterating our full year guidance of constant currency adjusted EPS growth of at least low-to-mid teens. Growth will be driven by maximizing our advertising and distribution revenues on our existing linear business and across new and emerging platforms, combined with a continued laser focus on controlling cost growth and a lower effective tax rate. Pulling together our commentary on U.S. and international costs, we continue to expect total company constant currency cost of revenues to grow in the high-single to low-double digit range, and total company constant currency SG&A growth to be flat to up low-single digits. I would also note, as has consistently been our practice, that our adjusted EPS guidance does not adjust for any below-the-line items except for purchase price amortization. So it does not back out the first quarter one-time debt extinguishment charges. It also assumes full year stock-based compensation of approximately $30 million to $40 million. I'm also pleased to reiterate our growth guidance for the full year 2017 constant currency free cash flow of at least low-double digits. While we now expect capital expenditures to be up year-over-year to just over $100 million as we continue to invest in technology and infrastructure, we now expect our full year cash tax rate to be in the low-to-mid 20% range, down from our prior expectation of the high 20% range due to the timing of expected additional refunds. Finally, we are reiterating our three-year 2015 to 2018 guidance for constant currency adjusted EPS and constant currency free cash flow CAGRs to grow at least low teens. I also want to update you on our expected year-over-year foreign exchange impact on our full year reported results, which has improved versus our prior guidance, given the recent weakening of the dollar as well as our hedging program. Assuming rates stay constant for the rest of the year, the year-over-year FX impact on revenues is now expected to be negative $20 million to $30 million. On AOIBDA, currency has become a slight tailwind and is expected to have a positive impact of $10 million to $20 million, and currency is now expected to have a negative $0.09 to $0.11 impact on adjusted EPS, primarily due to last year's below-the-line FX gains. In closing, while I have only been here for a relatively short time, I'm extremely pleased with Discovery's start to 2017 and our outlook for the rest of year. I'm very optimistic about the global portfolio and our overall financial and operating room (25:41). Thank you again for your time this morning, and now David and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much. Just following up on your comments on domestic advertising trends, where you highlighted better pricing, I guess, any more color on the scatter market and how it's trending in the second quarter? And then, just a quick follow up on your commentary on your investment in short-form digital video that you highlighted. Can you add some color on how you expect to monetize it over time? Is it largely gaining mind share for the millennials and building up your brand? Or do you see, I guess, an incremental revenue opportunity associated with those videos as well? Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Sure. Hi, Alexia. The advertising market kind of feels steady as she goes. We don't have a lot of visibility to the upfront, but scatter pricing is up mid-to-high teens over the upfront. The volume is relatively steady. We come into the market right now in the second quarter and into the upfront, I think, with a very compelling story. Our ratings are up. We're up in April in prime, up 5%, while the industry is down 8%. And for the full year-to-date, we're flat in prime with the industry down 6% and broadcast down 12%. But, more importantly, I think we're a very protected environment. Our brands have never been stronger. So not only do we have a growth story, but we have a real strength of viewership story on ID, on TLC, on Discovery, on OWN. And so, it's an environment the advertisers are quite comfortable with, and so I think that we're finding the market to be steady, and we're starting to take advantage of it with the quality of our brands and the fact that we actually have some real ratings. On the short-form monetization, the good news for us is that we're learning a ton. This whole Group Nine transaction has been terrific for us. We're building even stronger relationships with Facebook and Snapchat. We're understanding a lot more about the consumption of one minute videos. We're up to over 4 billion in views. We're the number one or two video provider for news on Facebook, and we're experimenting with them in different ways to monetize that. Guyardo is working with our entire team in putting Group Nine together with GO, together with our traditional inventory, so we have a great 360. And together with Snapchat, I feel like we're reaching more demos, a significant difference from two or three years ago where we felt like some of those demographics were being left behind and our story-telling capability in short-form, we felt like really needed to be improved. So we're quite happy with where we are. I think the monetization of short-form has a fairly long way to go. And so if there is upside there or if it takes a turn, we are now one of the – we're the number two or three provider of short-form content in terms of all the media companies, and we have a right to take control of Group Nine in two years. So I think it's been good and it's working very well with our ad sales team, and it gives us, I think, a very forward-looking view in terms of being able to reach all demos as we hit the upfront.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. David, can you talk a little bit about your expectation? I believe your guidance is for acceleration in international distribution revenue growth later this year. And any update on sort of how you're thinking about the Bundesliga rights monetization. And I don't know if you guys are comfortable talking about through the Olympics next year, but to the extent you can help us think about distribution revenue trajectory into 2018. That would be really helpful. And Gunnar, I was just curious if you could – I don't know if you're willing to, but if you could give us the impact on U.S. distribution revenue from the year-over-year licensing change. I don't know if there's any – like a basis points impact or anything to help us isolate the core number. Thank you both.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: One point before I pass off to Gunnar who spent an enormous amount of time dealing with these issues in Germany and with ProSieben. One of our philosophies on our IP is that we own it on all platforms, which is meaningfully different from the way that sports is sold here in the U.S., for instance, where when you see it on a mobile player or on another platform, it might be the league that sells it, it might not – somebody's buying a broadcast window or a cable window. So when it comes to the Olympics and when it comes to the Bundesliga, when it comes to all of our sports rights, when it comes to almost all of our IP, we own it for all platforms. And so, if you see our content turning up or if you see the Olympic rings turning up with a mobile player in Europe, if you see the content over-the-top on mobile, on any platform, or the Bundesliga or any of our sports, that's why we can go direct-to-consumer with it, we could offer some of it free. And so, I think there's no question we're a little bit long on IP. We are profitable with our sports, but we're long on it because we think owning that IP for all platforms, owning our kids IP for all platforms, is part of the part of this transition we're making into creating real value to address some of the terminal value concerns that the industry's facing. Gunnar?
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Yeah, sure. Ben, good morning. So, on the affiliate revenue growth guidance for international, as you could hear in my opening remarks, we're continuing to target a 12% to 13% full year growth rate, and if you look at the run rates, as you say, we got 10% in Q1. I also said that we're going to see a slightly lower rate in Q2, which is not a change in the trend, but it's more related to a prior year comp where we had some catch up in Q2 2016. And then, as you say, we're targeting a pickup in the second half based on some deals that we're working on currently to get to that 12% to 13% figure for the full year. On Bundesliga specifically, maybe allow me one or two comments. As David said, I've lived in that market for all of my life, and really, it's important to understand Bundesliga is one of the top, top sports franchises in the market. We've got a good share of that. We own the rights for four years. It's a strong right and a good deal for us in terms of the duration. And looking at the number of players that are in the market that are looking for premium IP, we're talking to a number of players, and I'm absolutely convinced that the Bundesliga deal will help us strengthen the portfolio in the market. Talking about Bundesliga, again, from my perspective, a very interesting deal; I very much like that pan-European cross-platform approach to that deal. And again, I believe we will be able to create a lot of value, especially if you look at the eight-year period that we're looking at.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: For the Olympics.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: For the Olympics, yes.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And the deals that we've done for the Olympics thus far have been ahead of plan. And by locking in those rights, we're excited about the fact that Germany is kind of the real center spoke of Europe, so not only do we have Eurosport free-to-air and pay in Germany, we have a free-to-air female channel, a free-to-air male channel, and we'll be doing the Olympics ourselves in Germany, which we think will add a significant amount of value, and having extra scale in Germany is important to us because it's such a robust market.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And then, Ben, maybe your second question, the impact of those other distribution revenues on the U.S. side, we just felt it important to highlight that there were some contributions from those deals. It's small in the greater scheme of things in the whole distribution revenue line item. And we see more of those deals coming forward as we look at the full year.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: So that was really just some bulk delivery of content to our existing partners. It's a very small component of Q1, but when you add it on top, it provided some growth. So we felt it important to point that out and we may do more of those.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson of MoffettNathanson. Your line is now open.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thank you. Two – one following up on Ben and a new one. David, you guys been very clear about the Olympics in 2018 driving affiliate revenue growth internationally, it's going to step up. Could you talk a bit about how the costs layer in for the Olympics and is 2018 incrementally profitable because of those stepped up affiliate fees or is the Olympic profitability more back ended? And then, on the cost line, if you go back to your Investor Day in 2015, like almost two years ago, you guys talked about your ability to control costs under different scenarios of revenues. Now that we're two years later and you kind of see the normal rate of growth in the market, can you talk again about your ability to control cost and kind of what's the right way to think about domestic cost growth if this is the new normal of revenue growth?
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Okay. Michael, this is Gunnar. Let me take that. So, on the Olympics, it's still too early to really talk about the exact cadence of how the P&L impact will turn out. A couple of things that are clear from today's perspective is that the 2018 allocation of cost is going to be the lowest given that we don't have all the rights or not as many rights as in later years. So we will update our models and update you as soon as we have a reliable set of figures across those eight years. Generally speaking, the Winter Games are less expensive than the Summer Games, and we definitely see an upside from the Olympics deal generally on affiliate revenues. As a matter of fact, you can already see European affiliate revenues going back to double-digit without even having factored in all the sports rights. And we also, obviously, see contributions from our Eurosport Player. (37:10)
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: The cadence that Gunnar was talking about is simply that we got all the rights for eight years, but in the UK and in France, we didn't get the Olympic rights until 2022 and 2024, but we did structure a deal with the BBC, whereas part of their rights to carry the Olympics, we got a substantial amount of rights and extensive digital rights in 2020 and 2022. But when you allocate the actual fees, because of France and the UK, the cadence is a little bit different, that's all.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And then, Michael, on the cost guidance, I think, looking at the Q1 numbers, you see that the company is very focused on cost management. Clearly, coming in, I will continue that focus and take a fresh look at cost as well, but I must say I'm very happy with the performance that Discovery has delivered on the cost side in Q1. So, the general guidance for us for 2017, as I said before, is total company organic cost of revenues up high-single to low-double digits, and we will be even more restrictive on SG&A on a total company level targeting flat-to-low single digit increases for our cost base. So please be assured it will continue to be a clear focus of the management team here.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And Michael, just to confirm our company but also my full engagement in social media, I was following the hundreds of notes and likes for your birthday yesterday on Facebook, as well as the numerous picture posts, all of which I thought were very nice. Happy birthday.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks, David. Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield of BTIG. Your line is now open.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Hi, thanks for taking the question. AT&T's Randall Stephenson was testifying before Congress late last year, and he said point-blank to Congress that he said a huge number of consumers want cheaper video bundles without the high cost of sports. And David, you've talked to the rise of these new virtual MVPDs as an opportunity. So far, they seem all very sports heavy, including kind of, as a basis, the broadcasters and the RSNs, which push not only the cost towards $40, but it also has led to Discovery and others being left out of things like Hulu and YouTube launches. Wondering what do you think of the prospects are for new bundles that may not have the broadcasters or may not have the RSNs that could be priced below $20. And then I have a follow-up on Group Nine.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Rich. Well, first, I think, ultimately, consumer behavior and consumer consumption is what drives the capitalist market. So you can develop a channel, but you have to create content that people want to get nourished by. So you can sit in a conference room and say what you want to provide people. Ultimately, the consumer is the one that is always the determining winner. And you look at outside the U.S. – outside the U.S., there have been very successful skinny bundles. We're on all of them. We have quality content with strong brands that are valued. Our cost of content is relatively low. And we've done extremely well on all of those skinny bundles all over the world, in Latin America, in Eastern Europe and Europe, and each of them have been in the very low price range. And even when there is sports, sports is just hyper-extended here in the U.S. reflected in regional sports, traditional sports. Retransmission can extend the integration of sports with other channels. And so this is a bit of a stuffed turkey here, and in many ways, when I read about the skinny bundle here in the U.S., I see the skinny bundle in 200 countries. When I look here in the U.S. and I read skinny bundle, there is no skinny bundle here. Skinny bundle in the U.S. is a fiction. The idea that you have a $40 offering filled with regional sports, sports and all these – an incomplete package, really, and then you have to buy broadband on top of it, so the skinny bundle is $60 or $70. So it's really not a skinny bundle. It's a bundle. It's a bundle that may be attractive to a small group of people. But, in the end, I think the market will be rationalized. We represent 12% or 13% of viewership. We have the top channel for women in ID, the number one channel for men in Discovery, top channel in Middle America with TLC, a top channel for African Americans with Oprah and Tyler, and our cost of content is low. We are on DIRECTV NOW. We're on Sony. We're on many of the platforms. But, ultimately, there should be a bundle like everywhere else in the world that's $8, $10, $12. And I believe that will happen. I think these overstuffed turkeys are going to end up being a challenge from a consumer perspective, and the consumer's going to say, I'd like to have an opportunity here. And in many ways, Netflix is a terrific company, and they continue to be very effective, and so does Amazon, but we as an industry need to complement that with a quality offering that isn't – that's a true skinny bundle in the spirit of what's working around the world, and I think that'll happen. It's just a question of when.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG LLC: And just wanted to follow up on Group Nine. I think you mentioned 4-plus billion, I lost the exact number, but 4-plus billion views is what you're getting across a variety of online mobile platforms. Is that a business that at that scale is generating profits or is that a business that's still losing money? Or like, is there any way to size kind of the revenues and whether it's profitable or not?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Well, it's not profitable, but it's pretty close, and our overall approach right now – it's run by Ben Lerer, who's doing a terrific job there. We put some of our assets into it. When we closed on it, it was $3 billion. Now it's $4.2 billion. We continue to learn about what engages people. We have great analytics. So I think that it helped us lean into our understanding of what kind of content we could provide for Snapchat. It's informing the way we tell stories, the kind of stories. And so this pivot to mobile is quite important for us. As we look at over $7 billion screens out there, we're the leader in traditional platform on linear around the world, and we own all of our content so we can move a lot of our long-form content. But being able to repackage with The Dodo, we have Animal Planet, which is a leader around the world, and now we have The Dodo, which is the leader now in short-form animal content on the web. And so being able to own those different areas are critical. We're not focused today on making money. We're focused on learning. We're focused on getting more scale. We're focused on building our relationship with Snapchat, with Facebook, with all of the different outlets out there, and have millennials kind of really get nourished and excited about what we're doing. And in the long term, we're hopeful that they'll be a meaningful currency, and we're actually working with Facebook now on different ways that we can do that, which I think is in both of our interests.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger of Sanford Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning. I'm following along for my colleagues across the various revenue lines. I guess maybe I'll tackle international advertising, if I may, especially since you guys probably have the best view of that of pretty much any company I know. So, I guess I'd frame my question this way. If you think about sort of the run rate that you are at this quarter and have been for a while, and compare that back to the Investor Day, which your expectations, I think, were somewhat higher, trying to figure out like what's caused that delta? How much of it is cyclical? How much of it is structural? How much of it is geopolitical? And are we basically at a new reality now where the run rate we're seeing is kind of the run rate going forward? And just a quick follow-on related is we've talked about the Olympics in many ways. Nobody's asked yet about Olympics advertising. Again, I don't know what you're prepared to comment on, but it's only a year away for the Winter Games, which is a big geography for you. Any help you can give on advertising perspective, just the magnitude of that box as we're thinking of where the health could be there? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Todd. On the advertising side, look, we – in Europe, we really haven't gotten help in 11 years. GDP across Europe, if you take out the UK, has been effectively flat, and the advertising follows GDP. So we've been able to grow despite that. But there have been some geopolitical issues. There's no question. You have the UK down 4% and Brexit has had a meaningful impact on the UK. That's a big market for us. There was a restructure in Russia. We're one of the leading players in Russia. We were the first ones that were brought back. Many of the media companies that want to get into Russia now have to go through our media partnership. But Russia changed because we can only own 20% of it. There are values that we can get outside of the 20%, but things changed there. So, in mainland Europe, we're doing quite well. We're growing in – outside of the UK and Asia, we're growing in every market. And Latin America is growing high-single digit now, but it was growing 20%, 30%. So the fact that Brazil kind of tipped and Argentina has struggled for a while, and Mexico is having some challenges is having an impact, but we're still seeing high-single digit growth in Latin America. We're still seeing growth across all of Europe. Some of that has to do with the fact that our share is growing, and our brands are stronger, but we expect that that will continue, and we're used to doing business in a difficult environment. The other thing that we're seeing is Asia is tough, and it's likely to be tougher. In some ways, we have a smaller business in India, but I'm glad we have a smaller business in India because the demonetization has been a struggle. The recovery from that demonetization has been longer than expected. We got a report out this morning and yesterday from the team over there now. It looks like things are slow and there's a government regulation regime that looks like it may be coming down in India, that's going to put a damper on a lot of the growth that was assumed to be coming out of there. The good news for us is that's going to have a very minimal effect on us. So I think our positioning of being big Europe, quite strong in Italy and Germany and across all of Europe with real scale, together with strong positioning in Latin America probably puts us in as good of a position as we could be in. I wouldn't want to overweight in Asia right now. And the other Asia issue is just being the potential, and we're looking at doing this, of just jumping right over in many of these markets traditional distribution and going direct-to-consumer, which is what we're looking at doing in a lot of the areas in Asia. We're entrenched in a very good business in Japan, but it's not growing that much, and a lot of other areas of Asia, we're actually going to – we're going to take all of our IP and we're going direct. So, I like our combination. It's certainly not robust. I would say steady eddy, and I wouldn't expect that things are going to get much better. I hope we don't have more Brexits. I think the France thing helps us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And Todd, maybe if I can add one point to that discussion, I think if you take a step back, you referred to the 2015 mid-term guidance, right? Yes, advertising has been somewhat slower, affiliate has been slightly stronger, and if you look at the total company guidance, EPS, free cash flow guidance has even been raised after.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Fair point. Thanks. Any comment on the Olympics while we're on this or not?
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Yeah, so as I said before, it's really too early to give you any specific numbers, but I feel very strong about the Olympics deal. We have all kinds of monetization opportunities: sub-licensing, affiliate, advertising. We have complete rights, all platforms. So we'll be able to cover literally every moment of the games on air, online, over-the-top, on-the-go. So I think there's a lot of opportunity for us, but please understand, it's just too early to give you any specific guidance there.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Joyce - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. This is David Joyce for Vijay. Could you please help us think about the distribution opportunity internationally? Obviously, you've talked a lot around your over-the-top and direct-to-consumer opportunities, but with the increasing penetration around the globe of the pay TV footprint, how should we think about growth in the different regions? Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Sure. What we've seen is, across Europe, we'd expect it to be relatively flat, maybe even slightly We pivoted. We pulled our signal four times in the last 18 months, so most of our growth now is coming from price. We're being helped by sports. In Latin America, a lot of our growth is coming from price, which is really a change. If you look at the last 15 years, the majority of growth in Latin America, in Asia, even in a lot of Europe was really – the U.S. was increasing price, so you got double dip. You got a higher price and you got more subs during kind of the heyday. Outside the U.S., your price increase came from subscriber growth. And so, we have had to kind of retrain that market over the last two years by getting our content and our IP more important and by driving for price, and we've been successful with that. In some of the markets, Brazil was growing quite aggressively. In the last 18 months, two years, Brazil has actually lost 2 million subscribers. And so that's a function of the actual economy. The C class had accelerated, and then the disposable income had evaporated, and you actually – if some of that comes back, which a lot of people are predicting that it will over time, as Argentina's feeling better now, Colombia's feeling better, if Brazil makes the turn, that would be upside for us. We don't have that in our plan. Our plan is that the growth would be coming from primarily price.
David Joyce - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall of Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is now open.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Thank you. Maybe just one on subs and then sorry for another one on the Olympics. Maybe first on the subs, I think in the press release, on domestic subs, you noted a slight decline, and then I thought in the comments, you noted a slight acceleration. So I wonder if you could just give us a little more color as to what you're seeing in the overall pay TV sub picture domestically. And then on the Olympic side, again, sorry to push you again, I think this is going to be a theme for the next few quarters. But, looking at your filings, I think your President of International had some new targets around the Olympics. When I sort of back into, if he's able to achieve those, it would suggest to me a margin on the Olympics that maybe looks a little bit like that double-digit you talked about for Eurosport before. Is that just getting way too exact way too early on, or is that a reasonable assumption for how to think about the games in 2018?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Yeah, so look, we're seeing – what Gunnar said is what we're seeing. We're seeing a slight acceleration on universe decline. We said we were on average about 3%, and for our bigger networks, it's actually less than that, and we have some pretty good protections against that. That's where most of our overwhelming amount of money comes from. Some of the smaller network, we actually saw meaningfully higher. So when you put it altogether, it was about 3%. That's in our plan. So this is not ahead of what our plan was for the year. If there was significant acceleration from that, then that would affect our plan, but we were doing a little bit better than planned last year, and so now we're kind of on it. So that's where we are on that. One point on the Olympics; the overwhelming majority of the value that we get is kind of what I would call long cycle sub-distribution revenue. We're holding back. In some markets, we're doing all of it. But, in a lot of markets, we're sub-distributing to a free-to-air player. We get guaranteed revenue. We've done that in multiple markets. We then hold back a significant amount of content for Eurosport, which we then sell. We then hold all the rights and we go direct-to-consumer. We could offer it as a whole package. We could do it by sport. But this is – the overwhelming majority of the dollars is sub-distribution revenue that's more long cycle that we'll be able to give you some visibility on, but we're ahead of plan on the deals that we've been doing. But it's too early to talk about the actual margins. But it's – not only do we think that we'll do nicely on it, but it also has helped us in the marketplace. It's helped us in terms of building up our overall distribution revenue. It's helped us in aligning with the federations; it's helped us with the IOC, with additional sports throughout Europe. So it's been a very – it's been a big positive and we're looking forward to it.
Steven Cahall - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente of Nomura Instinet. Your line is now open.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet: Thanks and good morning. I have two. First, for David, on the Eurosport Player, so David, you mentioned contributions from Eurosport. I mean, I suppose this might be for Gunnar as well. How many subs do you have? You talked last year, I think, about the March 2 (56:43) million subs. Just wondering broadly where we are. You gave us pretty robust growth rates of subs in your prepared remarks. And so what I'm getting to is, how many points of your international distribution growth is coming from the Eurosport Player? So you gave us the number of points from GO in the U.S. Just wondering right now how much of that growth is coming from Eurosport and then what's in your outlook for 2017 and beyond for contribution. And then, separately for Gunnar, the company struck this streaming joint venture partnership with ProSieben, your alma mater, I suppose. So what are the expectations for that product? You'll be competing with, let's say, Netflix and other subscription OTT services in the German market. Is this kind of ad supported OTT strategy something you think is specific for that market or is it a blueprint that you can potentially replicate in other geographies? Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Anthony. Look, we're adding a substantial amount of subs. We're doing a better job with churn, but what's most important for us is, directionally, we're figuring out what nourishes an audience, what people are willing to pay for, what excites them about the player, and what kind of a player we need to have a really competitive sports Netflix product to serve the 730 million potential opportunities we have across Europe. And one of the big learnings we had is our old player was only able to offer all the sports. And so by August of this year, maybe early September, we'll have our BAM, Major League Baseball product, deployed across Europe. That's going to be a huge difference for us, because one of the things we're finding is rather than people paying $8 to get a whole bunch of things, what they really would rather do is do a seasons pass. They'd rather pay $6 and get all the cycling, and then they could hit another button and they can get all the tennis or they can get all of the speed skating, or they can get all of the winter sports, or all the track and field, or all the squash. And so we've deployed a full team now that's operating out of the UK. This is a team that helped build not just the NFL package here in the U.S. with DIRECTV, but the NBA package. So we've hired a whole different group of people. And we haven't even launched our new player, which we'll be launching in the next couple of months. So are we doing a lot better? Yes. Is our churn doing better? Yes. But most of our success has come from the fact that we're learning that, instead of offering a magazine that offers a little bit of a whole bunch of sports, that we're better off going to these superfan groups. And over the next year, year and a half, we'll give you significant – much more information about how we're doing. We first want the player to launch. We'll be offering the Olympics. We'll be offering the Bundesliga. We'll be offering individual sports, which we've already started to do in Northern Europe and in certain markets. And right now, the affiliate growth is not in any meaningful way from the player. And we have a significant amount of cost that we're putting against it, because we've hired a lot of people and we really believe that that sports Netflix product is a game change for us.
Gunnar Wiedenfels - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And Anthony, on that streaming JV, I'm very excited about that deal. I think it's a great JV in itself and it's even more opportunity and optionality for us going forward. So I think there is a desire for people and for consumers in the marketplace to have one destination where they can get most of the stuff they want to consume on an OTT basis, and I think we have done a great step towards that. ProSieben has an established seven TV platform with a strong installed base already, and we're leveraging that now. And I think there's a lot of optionality going forward. We're open to bringing on other players via broadcasters or some of the networks that are otherwise only available in pay TV. So, you can think about an SVOD option. You can think about integrating the Eurosport Player, et cetera, et cetera. So there's a ton of optionality and I'm very excited about that JV in the German market. And I clearly think that it can be replicated in other markets in Europe and that should be our aspiration as well.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's Q&A session. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jackie Burka - Vice President, Investor Relations David Zaslav - President and Chief Executive Officer Andy Warren - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Steven Cahall - Royal Bank of Canada Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Drew Borst - Goldman Sachs Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet Todd Juenger - Sanford Bernstein
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Discovery Communications Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Jackie Burka, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Jackie Burka: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications 2016 fourth quarter and year end earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today’s call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy and then we will open up the call for your questions. Please keep to one question so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us today. 2016 was a pivotal year for Discovery Communications. We reported record revenues, profit and free cash flow and took a number of important steps to ensure our continued success and growth in today’s rapidly evolving media and technology landscape. I will spend a few minutes detailing some of the year’s most important highlights and how they position us for the future before turning it over to Andy for a detailed review of our financials. First, let me start with an update on Eurosport and the Olympic Games, which as you know, are a key pillar of our international growth strategy. Starting January 1 and as we ramp up for the 2018 Winter Games in the Pyeongchang, South Korea, Eurosport is now the official home to the Olympics in Europe for the next four games. We will have an opportunity to reach over 740 million people. We will also be the exclusive home for the Olympic Games in Sweden and Norway, where winter sports are hugely important, and in Germany, the continent’s largest market. In all three markets, we will deliver the Olympic Games across all of our owned platforms and services, including free-to-air, pay-TV, digital and OTT. Many of you have had questions about our investment in the Olympics and other sports rights in Europe. Our strategy has been first, to assure that Eurosport will always be profitable. Second, to selectively increase investments, including around locally important sports rights, leverage these must-have popular sports to drive significant affiliate growth. And as affiliate growth continues to accelerate, ultimately, realize profit expansion. And I am pleased to say our strategy is showing strong progress. And as you look at the aggregate we spend on sports rights, it’s important to note that, over the last few years, we have paid only low to mid single-digit inflation on our sports rights as a whole. We have stayed clear, in most cases, of in-market football, where increases can be between 50% and 100%. In fact, I believe the high price of football across Europe has made all of our other sports rights more affordable for us. Eurosport helped us grow international affiliate revenues in 2016 by 10%. Our local, premium and exclusive sports rights drove Eurosport viewership up 23% in the fourth quarter and we recently had record ratings across all of Europe during the Australian Open, where we have exclusivity in the majority of our markets. With Eurosport leading the charge for our diversified and differentiated offering of about 10 channels per country, we expect our international affiliate growth to accelerate by at least a couple of 100 basis points in 2017, adding over $215 million in affiliate revenues, ex-FX, building off successful renewals with TDC, Telenor and Liberty Global, and most recently, Sky. While we never look forward to potential carriage standoff, the negotiation with Sky reaffirmed the strong value of our brand portfolio and the passion and engagement of our super fan communities. Our new agreement with Sky in the key UK and German markets includes new opportunities to launch new channels and services. So, we will be helped with more growth in the two biggest media markets in Europe in the years ahead. We will have more news to share in the coming weeks as we will be launching new services, including a second free-to-air channel in the UK, leveraging our strong existing IP to reach more viewers in the UK market, and the new free-to-air channel will make money for us this year. Another large potential growth opportunity for us is for Eurosport Player. The team is making great progress on our Sports Netflix strategy, which will use BAMTech’s best-in-class streaming video technology, allowing for enhanced feature functionality, variable pricing and gives us tremendous scale across the European continent. Our new team, under the leadership of Paul Guyardo, who built DirecTV’s NFL Sunday Ticket and Sports Packages business to an over $2 billion business, is currently pivoting the business away from a one-size-fits-all model. The team is building bottoms up, country by country, business plans with custom pricing and packaging, tailored to the rights we have in each market. Early results in testing various consumer packages are promising, including in the UK, where we have seen 150% increase in subscribers in the market. Of course, our world class content is only as good as viewers’ ability to see it. And in 2016, we continued to enhance our distribution reach to reach more viewers across more screens. Following our successful renewal with AT&T in July, we have no deals up in the U.S. in the near-term. As we look ahead, our strong affiliate deals in the U.S. and abroad, which represent half of our total revenues, provides a valuable growing foundation for our revenue base at a time when global advertising markets remain very difficult to predict. Paul is also leading our pivot to mobile and the drive to monetize our content across all platforms. We have been very pleased with the progress of our recently launched TV Everywhere GO family of apps. Today, GO, is available in more than 80% of U.S. pay-TV households, so to over 150 million people. And we have expanded our content portfolio to now showcase over 5,000 episodes. We are finding that GO is a great vehicle for reaching younger viewers with about 40% of our viewers ages 18 to 34, averaging 1-hour length of tune-in. With GO now super serving super fans and gaining momentum with viewers and younger viewers, we are undoubtedly directly connecting to our viewers and fortifying the pay-TV ecosystem, while achieving premium CPMs. In the first quarter, our GO apps will contribute over 1 point of U.S. advertising growth to the bottom line. And its contribution is trending to increase to 2% by the end of the year. I am very confident in our ability to continue monetizing this important and growing platform. Second, our original non-linear brands took an important step forward with our recent joint venture and commercial partnership with Group Nine, home to leading short-form and mobile first brands, including Now This, the number one news publisher on Facebook, Thrillist and The Dodo, with over 4 billion monthly streams across Facebook and all platforms in January. While our partnership is still in its early days, we are already working together to sell our Group Nine brands in conjunction with our GO apps and our linear brands to deliver a true 360-degree solution that targets a younger audience to our advertisers. We are excited for the opportunity to further attract and monetize younger audiences across social media and short-form video. Third, in niche categories where we have a dominant consumer and brand advantage, such as ID and Turbo Velocity, we see huge potential to expand these genres on and off the traditional TV screen, such as through dedicated digital only content verticals, SVOD channels and through partnerships such as our recent agreement with Amazon. In mid-November, we launched our first dedicated Amazon SVOD channel. True crime files by our ID is already seeing strong success. In just 2.5 months, we are already seeing 10,000 new net subscribers per month paying $4 a month. This is just the first of several niche verticals we have planned to introduce as we continue to monetize our library content on a direct-to-consumer basis. Lastly, we are making real strides internationally with Discovery Kids Play, our TV Everywhere product in Latin America, which is now running with 24 providers in 12 countries. More broadly, our international business showed strong momentum with viewers during 2016. Our international portfolio recorded its highest international delivery yet, with year-over-year audience increase of 3%. ID and Turbo saw a strong double-digit viewership gains in the fourth quarter and Discovery Kids reported its highest audience delivery ever across the Latin America region. Additionally, in the Nordics, where we have noted challenges before due to rapidly changing viewer habits and tastes, we now have a new management team in place that is rethinking the way we operate in that region. They are laser-focused on rightsizing the cost structure and restructuring the content portfolio. In the fourth quarter, we wrote down over $20 million of content that wasn’t working and that the team looks to pivot away from an over-reliance on U.S. studio content to more cost-efficient local programming, a model that has worked well in other international markets where we have big free to air general entertainment services. I will note that looking beyond SBS’ income statement impact, our initial $1.7 billion investment 4 years ago has already delivered over $0.5 billion in free cash flow, and we expect it to continue to be a strong free cash flow asset for us. Now while we have talked to all of you a lot lately about our international story, we are also able to report strong and steady growth in key areas in the United States and that all starts with our commitment to compelling, quality content. In the U.S., our biggest momentum story right now is TLC. TLC showed a very encouraging return to growth in the U.S. in the fourth quarter that continues into the current quarter. TLC ended January with its highest ratings in 3 years, with ratings up double-digits in the U.S. and also in many key international markets, including Germany, Chile and Mexico. Our growth in market share for women also includes our partnership with Oprah Winfrey, which continues to be a tremendous success with OWN posting its best year ever in 2016. With popular hits like the Haves and Have Nots and Greenleaf, OWN was once again the number one cable network for African-American women. Our third female flagship, Investigation Discovery, continues to have strong and steady growth. ID is now the number two pay-TV network in all day delivery in the U.S. with a strong and balanced delivery across daytime, prime and late-night. ID also shattered audience records in multiple markets internationally in the fourth quarter, including Brazil, Chile and the Netherlands. The female audience growth at TLC, ID and OWN serves as a great complement to our strong male brands and the packaging we can offer to advertisers and clients looking to find any demo and audience segment. The Discovery Channel finished 2016 as the number one non-sports cable network for men. And while we remain by and large focused on unscripted content and had strong performance across many franchises, we are having initial success around the world with our scripted tentpole strategy. Rich Ross and the team’s first big scripted project, Harley and the Davidsons, was the number one rated cable miniseries in more than 3.5 years in the U.S. and was a top premiere in many international markets, reaching more than 43 million viewers globally. And we are excited about a new scripted series to debut later this year titled, Manhunt, about the pursuit of Unabomber, Ted Kaczynski that has an all-star cast attached. As we look ahead, supported by brands and IP that truly matter to our super fans, we are simultaneously driving as much value as possible from our linear businesses while making smart digital and mobile investments. From Group Nine, to BAMTech Europe, to Discovery GO, we are excited about expanding our content across numerous platforms around the world. Lastly, as you well know, this is Andy Warren’s final call as CFO. A public thanks can’t do justice to Andy’s contribution over the last 5 years, but it’s a start. A big thank you to you, Andy, for being an essential part of the Discovery family all these years and for all the success you have helped us to achieve. Our new CFO, Gunnar Wiedenfels will be joining us April 1 from Germany’s ProSieben. Gunnar brings to Discovery expertise across multiple businesses, including digital and direct-to-consumer, where he was able to either build or enhance the ProSieben businesses in both those areas, as well as extensive knowledge of the European and international TV markets. Before joining ProSieben, Gunnar worked at McKinsey and was very instrumental in evaluating all of the European media markets. So we are looking forward to seeing Gunnar. We bid a fond farewell to Andy. The transition has been terrific. And so for the last time, here is Andy with more details on our financials.
Andy Warren: Thanks David and thank you, everyone for joining us today. 2016 marks a great end to my 5-year tenure with Discovery. I am very pleased with our 2016 performance and our continued execution on our stated strategic and financial goals. On our 2015 year end call a year ago, we issued full year 2016 guidance of constant currency adjusted EPS and free cash flow both up low double-digits to low teens. We also said that our 2016 effective tax rate would be below 30% and that we would have full year constant currency margin expansion. Throughout last year, we raised our financial commitments for constant currency adjusted EPS and free cash flow both for 2016 and our 3-year 2015 to 2018 growth CAGR guidance. We also exceeded our effective and cash tax rate forecasts and met our margin growth commitments. I really am extremely pleased that in this constantly evolving and challenging global media and economic landscape, we have been able to deliver upon or exceed all of our financial guidance commitments. For full year 2016, reported revenues were up 2% and adjusted OIBDA was up 1%. Excluding currency, revenues were up 4% and adjusted OIBDA was up 5% and total company margins expanded to 37%. On an organic basis, so excluding the impact of foreign currency and last year’s SBS Radio sale, total company revenues and adjusted OIBDA both grew 5%. I am proud that we were again able to deliver robust financial results while at the same time continuing to thoughtfully invest and strengthen our global IP platforms and brands. Full year net income available to Discovery Communications of $1.194 billion was up 15% versus last year driven by the strong operating results, below the line currency effects, gains from dispositions and lower taxes. Our full year effective tax rate was reduced by 600 basis points to 27% as we remain highly focused on maximizing the construct of our portfolio of global businesses to lower both our effective and cash tax rates. We have obviously been very successful in achieving both objectives with additional tax rate reductions expected in 2017. Full year reported EPS was up 24% to $1.96 and adjusted EPS, which adjusts for the impact from acquisition-related non-cash amortization of intangible assets, was up 21% to $2.13 driven by our solid operating results and a reduction in our effective tax rate. Adjusted EPS, excluding FX, the third quarter Lionsgate write-down and the fourth quarter Group Nine gain, was up 20%. For the full year, free cash flow increased 9% to $1.29 billion, primarily driven by improved operating results and lower cash taxes. Excluding the impact of currency, our full year free cash flow was up fully 21%. Focusing now on only our fourth quarter results. Reported total company revenues were up 2% and reported adjusted OIBDA was up 1%. Excluding the impact of currency, revenues were up 4% and adjusted OIBDA was up 3%. Looking at our individual operating units, our U.S. Networks had another solid quarter. Fourth quarter U.S. affiliate revenues were up 6% as we continue to benefit from higher contracted affiliate rate partially offset by declining subscribers. Excluding a few small one-time items, 4Q growth would have been 7%. Total portfolio of subs in the fourth quarter declined by just under 3% year-over-year, a slight acceleration from the third quarter, driven by subscriber losses at our smaller networks due to package mix as distribution platforms with these smaller nets under basic tiers lost subs, while platforms without these networks on lower tiers gained subs. Subscriber trends for the Discovery Network and our other fully distributed nets were stable with prior quarters. As we look ahead at 2017, given our high single-digit pricing CAGR and assuming universe declines stay relatively consistent, we expect our U.S. affiliate revenue to grow at least mid single-digits given we now have lapped the significant year one step-up rate increase at one of our largest distribution partners. Fourth quarter U.S. advertising revenues were up 1%, primarily due to strong pricing as well as proactively managing inventory at certain networks to take advantage of the robust scatter market, partially offset by ratings declines. As we look ahead to the first quarter of 2017, we are seeing similar positive ad market trends. While delivery is down, pricing is strong and cancellations are low. After a 100 basis point negative impact from deconsolidating Seeker and SourceFed post the December Group Nine transaction, our first quarter domestic ad revenues are expected to be at least flat year-over-year. Fourth quarter adjusted OIBDA was up an impressive 9% as operating expenses were actually down 3% due to our aggressively reducing expenses. For the full year 2016, total U.S. revenues increased 5%, led by 7% distribution growth and 2% advertising growth. Full year costs were flat, leading to an 8% adjusted OIBDA growth. Our relentless focus on controlling costs drove domestic margins to 59%, 200 basis points higher than 2015. Turning now to the international segment, all of my following comments we refer to are organic results, which exclude the impact of foreign currency as well as the 2015 sale of the SBS Radio business. International ended the year with a solid quarter of double-digit organic distribution growth and improved organic advertising growth, leading to 5% total revenue growth for the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter advertising growth of 3% was driven by growth in all regions, excluding Asia-Pac, our smallest region, which declined partially due to demonetization in India. Northern Europe returned to growth, led by increased demand in the Nordics, while SEMEA and Southern Europe both grew strong double-digits. Our 10% affiliate growth was driven by another quarter of solid price growth in Europe as we continue to benefit from successfully leveraging our expanded content portfolio that now include sports to drive higher contracted pricing step-ups. Turning to the cost side, operating costs were 12% in the fourth quarter, leading to a 9% decline in adjusted OIBDA. Cost growth was driven by increased sports content and production costs as we continue to add new rights to our sports portfolio as well as a significantly higher content impairment charges in the Nordics that David discussed. Excluding these impairments, adjusted OIBDA would have been down low single-digits. For the full year, revenues were up 6% with 3% advertising growth and 10% distribution growth. Costs were up 9%, with a 12% increase in cost of revenues, primarily due to increased sports content and production costs as well as the higher fourth quarter impairment charges, while SG&A was up 4%, leading to a 3% decline in adjusted OIBDA. Excluding both years’ impairment charges, adjusted OIBDA for the full year was down 1%. Looking ahead, as David noted, we expect our 2017 distribution revenue growth to grow at least $215 million pre-FX or 12% to 13%, as we continue to benefit from stronger price escalators. While advertising growth is obviously harder to predict, it is dependent upon macro factors as well as company-specific performance, such as audience share and ratings. We currently expect first quarter’s advertising growth to accelerate and be at low to mid single-digits. Net-net, international’s OIBDA in 2017 will definitely grow. Moving on to our Education and Other segment. As expected, this division operated at a slight loss in the fourth quarter and for the full year as we continued to invest in education’s digital textbook to drive the long-term value of this industry disrupting business. Now, taking a look at our overall company financial position, in the fourth quarter, we repurchased $250 million worth of common and preferred stock after investing, as we highlighted on our 3Q call, $100 million in the Group Nine transaction. During 2016, we bought back a total of $1.37 billion worth of common and preferred shares. Since the inception of our buyback program in 2010, we have now repurchased over $8 billion of our stock, reducing our outstanding share count by 36%. As we continue to carefully think about how best to allocate our capital and maximize returns on invested capital, in the fourth quarter 2016, we began investing in socially responsible renewable solar energy projects that offer substantial financial and tax benefits to Discovery. As a result of our unique U.S. tax base attributes and position, we realized a mid-teen IRR on these investments, primarily through tax incentives and improved operating cash flow. In the fourth quarter, our initial $63 million solar investment improved our book tax rate by 100 basis points and we also recognized a $24 million book equity loss due to solar asset depreciation. For 2017, we have already committed to invest an additional $240 million and we will likely invest another $100 million for a total solar investment of $340 million in 2017. Assuming we invest this full $340 million in 2017, we would expect a book equity loss of approximately $200 million, which should be more than offset by the tax incentives received on these investments. Given additional global operating tax rate improvements, as well as the tax benefits from these solar investments, we expect our 2017 effective book tax rate to be at or below 20% and our cash tax rate to be in the high-20% range, so over 700 basis point and 300 basis point improvements from our 2016 tax rates, respectively. These 2017 anticipated rates assume no revisions to current tax legislations. For 2017, as we continue to invest in new areas of growth and best position our company for the future, our top capital allocation priorities remain the same, investing in driving organic growth as well as strategic M&A and investments, like solar investments, that have a strong IRR in order to enhance shareholder returns. In the first quarter 2017, we have already invested approximately $100 million in additional solar investments. While we do not have a specific target amount for share repurchases, we will continue to allocate excess capital towards repurchasing our stock as we continue to find the return on owning our shares highly attractive. As always, we stand by our unwavering commitment to our investment grade debt rating and keeping our gross leverage below 3.4x. Now let’s focus on our additional financial expectation for 2017 and beyond. On the cost side, we expect our global organic cost of revenues to be up in the high single to low double-digit range, driven by sports and direct-to-consumer investments. We also expect our global organic SG&A to be flat to up only low single-digits, resulting from predominantly completed 2016 proactive cost reduction actions. Importantly, this year, we expect constant currency adjusted EPS to grow strongly in the low to mid-teen range and constant currency free cash flow to grow at least low double-digits. We are again quantifying the expected foreign exchange impact on our 2017 results. While global currency rates continue to fluctuate, at current spot rates, our year-over-year FX headwinds have really moderated, partially due to our effective foreign exchange hedging strategies. At current spot rates, FX is expected to negatively impact 2017 versus ‘16 revenues by $30 million to $40 million, adjusted OIBDA by only zero to $10 million and adjusted EPS by $0.10 to $0.12, given the below the line FX gains in 2016. Finally, as you will recall, we raised our 3-year growth guidance last year and are confirming today that we still expect our constant currency adjusted EPS and constant currency free cash flow CAGRs for 2015 through ‘18 to both grow at least low-teens or better. To wrap up, with this being my last earnings call with Discovery, I want to sincerely thank David, the Board and the global executive and finance teams for a tremendous 5 years. I have thoroughly enjoyed my time at the company and extremely proud of what we accomplished together, in particular our achieving the highest free cash flow per share growth of our peer group since 2011. I believe in the strategic direction of Discovery and know it is in exceptionally strong financial position. Yesterday, it was announced that I will be joining STX Entertainment, a high growth, privately held, global media company. It will be a great next chapter in my career. Thanks again for your time this morning. And now Dave and I will answer any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning guys. David, could you just spend a few more minutes talking about, in particular, the Bundesliga contract and strategy around those rights in Germany and particularly, any specifics around Sky or Liberty in that market. And also on the Olympics, give us an update on sort of how far along you are, at least broadly in Europe, in terms of monetizing and positioning distribution of that content across the major markets that you have purchased. And then I just wanted to quickly ask Andy, if it’s okay, the sub-20% book tax rate and high-20s cash tax in ‘17, are those sort of – the go-forward rates beyond ‘17 or are these investments sort of creating a one-time tax shield and then ‘18 sort of moves back up to a more traditional range? Thank you both.
David Zaslav: Thanks Ben. Well, first, we have a terrific set of IP in Germany and we went after it with some purpose because it’s the largest market in Germany. It’s also a very competitive market with Vodafone, Deutsche Telekom, Liberty Global, The Zygo, Sky. There are a lot of platforms. It’s quite aggressive in terms of offering content on all platforms. And we own all of our IP in Europe on every platform. And so when we bought this IP, if it shows up on mobile, it isn’t because a league sold it. It’s because we sold it. So we did attack Germany specifically, as having, we think a lot of upside. The Olympics in general, is going much better than planned. We said when we bought the Olympics that it would – that we would make money and we think now we will make more money. We have done a number of deals, many deals. We just did Poland last week. We were able to get in our BBC deal. There were two markets where we didn’t have the Olympics in ‘18 and ‘20. We got back a lot of the Olympic IP and a lot of it digitally in the UK through our BBC deal. Every deal that we have done has been ahead of plan and we haven’t begun to attack some of the other platforms. And in every deal, we have retained all digital rights. So in some cases, we may have given some digital rights, but we still have – we will be the only place that you can get all of the Olympics on any one platform. And so we feel very good about that. And we have also – because of how well we have done, we feel confident in certain markets and take the Olympics ourselves. So for instance, in Germany, we will – we have our free-to-air Eurosport. We have two other free-to-air channels. We also have eight pay-TV channels. We are the leader in sports.com with Eurosport.com and we have our player. And so we are stepping up with the Olympics ourselves, which we are super excited about. We think we can do very well with it. We also think we are going to enhance all of those assets. We played this game before when I was at NBC. We now have the rings on Eurosport and those rings belong to us for almost the next decade. And it was a big helper to NBC to have those rings and in the Olympic Games. And we think we can build some asset value on top of making money. Finally, on LTi and Sky, we like the fact that the market is competitive. We have some very good Bundesliga games. With that, together with MotoGP, together with all the tennis majors and all the cycling and owning most of that, taking it back so that it’s exclusive, we think we can go at that market very aggressively. We already have a strong brand. And finally, that’s going to be a center point for us in terms of our player because our IP is so strong and so – and the Bundesliga is effectively the NFL or stronger in Germany. And two nights a week, if you want to see the Bundesliga, the only place to see it will be us.
Andy Warren: Yes. Hi Ben, there is no question that these mid-teen IRR solar investments obviously have a meaningful impact – positive impact on our tax rates. But if you exclude those, you are still looking at about 100 basis point reduction in our effective tax rate and given our deferred tax rate structures, a couple of hundred basis point reduction in our cash tax rate. So as we think about looking forward, very dependent upon what kind of solar investment opportunities we have and some of the regulatory environments there. But think in terms of how the sustainable 26% effective tax rate and a continuing decline in cash tax rate, as again we are really focused on maximizing our deferred tax rate structures.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
David Zaslav: The only thing I would add, Ben and we said this publicly is that we did not make – we purposely did not have the Bundesliga and the Olympics be part of our Sky deal. And so we have that IP, which we are kidding to do with Sky, do together with Sky and all of us in the market do ourselves. We have full optionality and that will be now Bundesliga starts.
Ben Swinburne: Yes, thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steven Cahall with Royal Bank of Canada. Your line is now open.
Steven Cahall: Yes, thank you. First question on domestic distribution revenue, I think you said that you don’t have any new deals in 2017, but I was wondering if you could give us an update on where you might be with new virtual platforms. And then relatedly, you talked about a bit of an acceleration in subscriber loss, I was wondering if you could maybe give us – it sounds like there was a bit of a mix shift where you lost some subs on some of your lower affiliate fee networks, but you gained subs on lower tiered packages where you have bigger affiliate fees. So, does that mix shift is that neutral to revenue? Is that a headwind to revenue or was that a positive to revenue? And then I have a quick follow-up on the international side.
David Zaslav: Well, just in terms of the distribution, we are on Sony, we are on – we have five channels on DirecTV Now. We have – we got out in front of this idea of kind of really focusing our channels. Our deals provide that about 85% of the economics are against five of our channels and we have really focused on making them stronger. So, ID and TLC and OWN being female, ID being number two in America, OWN number one for African-Americans, TLC right now number one in Middle America and strengthening Discovery and Science and Animal Planet. At the same time, there is a lot of talk now of focusing on just the bigger networks. We, over the last 4 years, have – we have been way ahead of the curve on that. And our smaller networks, we have been really focused on making them super fan networks. So we have Velocity that it isn’t a large audience, but it’s very compelling audience. Discovery Español, number one for men in the Hispanic space. Discovery Familia, a family Hispanic service, really focused on the fact that if in the years ahead there is a move to skinnier bundles and I think the – that will happen over time, but over the next couple of years, the impact is going to be quite small. But if it does, we have been on every skinny bundle outside the U.S. And so as we did all of our deals, we structured them this way, because as we have taken 5 or 6 channels in Brazil, we had the same model. We got 85% of the money, but then we actually got more ad revenue, because people spent more time with our channels and our brands got stronger. In addition, we are talking to Hulu, we are talking to Google, we are talking to all the players. And I think we have 12% to 13% of viewership. We have top channels for men, for women in different ethnic groups. And we are – I am not proud of this, but we are 12% or 13% of the viewership and we are about 6% of the money. Most of the money is going to sports and re-trans. And so to carry our channels is quite inexpensive. And so on a practical level, it should happen.
Andy Warren: And from a pure financial perspective, Steven, it’s so important to highlight what Dave said about the 85% and growing share of our 5 tentpole networks. While, yes, there is an acceleration of the digi non-distributed, fully distributed networks, that’s declining more quickly, our economics are not embedded in those networks. The high single pricing CAGRs – contracted pricing CAGRs are all on the 5 nets. And again, that percent of total U.S. affiliate revenue will accrete even higher and that’s where you are seeing more stability on sub declines there.
Steven Cahall: Great. Thank you. And then just quickly on the international side, I was wondering if you could just shed a little bit more light on the impairment that you took in the quarter? Should we just assume this is snicker or curling or is this something that’s outside the sports network? And relatedly, does all this kind of track back to your plan to drive big increase in OTT subscribership and where are we on those numbers? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Great. Well, I will give you the general and Andy can give you more of the detail. More than 20 was Sweden and we have been working very hard on our Northern European SBS business. It’s about 20 million people, but we were running it as – it’s run as four different countries Norway, Denmark, Sweden and Finland and that’s the way all media business are run up there. And there has been some meaningful decline in that whole region and part of it has to do with the fact that culturally everybody speaks English. And unlike most of the other countries in Europe, there is a love for U.S. entertainment content. And so when Netflix went into that market and HBO went into that market, it’s a market that they have done very well in. And so there has been about 20% decline over the last 2.5 years in viewership, which hit us. It’s still a very strong free cash flow asset for us and pretty compelling, but it has had an impact on us in terms of subs and viewership. It’s leveling off to some extent, but I expect that it’s probably going to continue to decline on a secular basis. But what we have done is we have begun to attack it from a cost perspective aggressively. We got Mike Lang now running that business, who ran Miramax and a very strong operating guy. And we are now starting to run it as one unit. So instead of four independent countries, we think there is a more cost we can take out of that business and not affect what we are putting on the screen and be more effective. And we are starting to see that a little bit this quarter as fourth quarter was started to – our ad sales started to grow and they are accelerating in this first quarter for the first time. It’s too early to say that kind of we have hit bottom and now it’s going to get a lot better, but it’s certainly getting better in the first quarter. And finally, we were getting a lot of – a significant amount of nourishment, maybe 25% of the nourishment on those channels which is coming from U.S. entertainment stuff. So, we were out there buying scripted series, comedies and movies. And because that’s so available now on HBO and on Netflix in particular, the viewership of it was declining. And so we have now written off a lot of that stuff and we are finding that our ratings there is good or better with the stuff that we own and we are getting out of the business of that entertainment stuff, which we were getting quite leveraged on and we are paying a huge amount for. And so I am pretty happy and pretty bullish about the fact that we are off that gravy train of having to compete between – we are one of two or three of the big broadcasters there and we are fighting in each case with all the big U.S. entertainment companies over who is going to get the movies and the comedy series and the scripted, we are getting out of that and that’s what you saw.
Andy Warren: And just to provide a little bit more kind of financial perspective on that, we have in the last couple of years, Steven, averaged about $10 million to $15 million of content write-downs in some of our international content, purely in a notion of just being extremely clean on the balance sheet as we go into the next year. 2016 was about $20 million higher entirely driven by the one-time cleanup that David just discussed as we really do deemphasize some of the U.S. content and continue to drive more of our...
David Zaslav: The U.S. entertainment content.
Andy Warren: U.S. entertainment content.
David Zaslav: Our stuff is doing fine.
Andy Warren: Correct. And so it is a very much a one-time, I would think in terms of a more consistent run-rate of cleanup in the $10 million to $15 million range going forward.
Steven Cahall: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you. David, looking at Europe overall, the sports component of it will add more and more fixed cost into your income statement, but it looks like that market is moving more or less the same way the U.S. market is moving, if not faster into more of OTT consumption and so on. So just from an investment perspective, what gives you long-term confidence around locking yourself into more fixed cost when the viewership environment is changing more to OTT? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Okay. Thanks, Kannan. Well, first let me just disagree with the premise of that. And if it turns out that you are right, which we are betting that that’s directionally where it’s going to go, it’s a homerun for us. But viewership on Eurosport was up more than 20% in the fourth quarter, 23%. Viewership so far this year is up significantly. The brand is stronger. We have more live content. We don’t expect that we are going to spend a lot more year to year. We don’t need to spend more. We feel like the IP package that we have right now for Eurosport is about right and it’s actually paying off for us. It’s strong enough that we can package it together with Discovery, which is number one in the market in factual and our female networks and put it all together and get very significant increases, which we talked about, where it’s going to – you are going to be seeing 12, 13. And a year from now, you will see higher than that as we continue to grow our affiliate fees, which we have been – which we said we were going to do and we did it. We do own all these – all of this IP direct-to-consumer. And if in fact there is a transition direct-to-consumer, there is only one player in Europe which is more than twice the size of U.S. that’s playing that game. And that’s us. We have been out in the market now for 1.5 years. We have been talking to consumers. We did our deal with BAM six months ago. We are going to begin to roll that out in three months. It will be fully rolled out in six months. And we are the only pan-European player. We have the cycling. We have all the Olympic sports. We have the Olympics. We have the majors in tennis. And we even have a lot of the affinity sports, whether it’s snooker or we can characterize it – or squash. And so we are very strong in IP. And right now, we are making money on that IP. It’s not the same margin, but we have always said that we are going to make sure that Eurosport is profitable in itself. If in fact, your point that people are going to start watching more direct-to-consumer, which is our bet, that they are going to continue to watch on linear, but that they will also watch on their phone or their device, they are going to be doing it through the player. And if that happens, if we come back and of the 740 million people in Europe, we have 3 million or 4 million people for our Sports Netflix in 2 years, that’s going to be a massive asset appreciation for us. I mean our multiple is nine. And look at the multiple that you are giving to Netflix. And the difference between us and Netflix is Netflix is spending $6 billion a year on IP and we are spending zero, because our direct-to-consumer product IP is already making money on Eurosport and so when we now go direct-to-consumer, our cost of IP is zero. And so that would be one hell of a business. And that’s why we got Guyardo. That’s why we have a whole team working in London. That’s why we got Peter Hutton focused on this. And unlike Netflix, we have a platform with Eurosport and we have – we are the leader with 60 million people every month coming to Eurosport.com to be able to let people know that if you want to watch all of the Australian Open or Tour de France or if you want to see the Olympics, there is where you go. So we are head down on Eurosport that it’s going to continue to make money and we are not going to over index on the IP and tip that over. And then we are full out with a – over the next 24 months, to really drive this Sports Netflix strategy, which no one else has. It would take someone else a long time to build. We own the IP. Anybody else that can play this game can play in a country and mostly they just have football.
Andy Warren: And I think it’s very important to highlight and walk through kind of the economic model that we developed here. And again as David said, just to really highlight that we have done what we said we were going to do. If you look at what we have highlighted a couple of years ago, step one was investing in exclusive content as David said, allowing ourselves to have more must-carry content and have a greater sense of affinity groups. Step two was taking that content and having it drive an accelerating contracted affiliate revenue growth curve. And clearly, you are seeing that not only in ‘16, but are highlighting the 12% to 15% growth and accelerating further in ‘17 and ‘18. So step one and step two are done. Step three then is, as we are now invested in the content that we need, we don’t see a further acceleration of sports content spend really in ‘18 and ‘19 and ‘20. So what you are going to see the step three being is a real acceleration of profits as margin, as you have the contracted affiliate growth, you then have a stable sports rights investment and then now you really get the margin accretion out of that model. So we clearly had this planned out for 3 years and it’s developing and progressing quite frankly exactly as how we had kind of modeled it and expected it.
David Zaslav: Your discussion point about transition to direct-to-consumer, for the last 4 years, we have changed our view of not just how does our content work on linear, but how good is our IP for any device. And that’s why we focused Discovery to be more on brand, even if – we are not going for ratings. We are going for a core super fan audience, on OWN, on Velocity, on all of our channels. And we have invested significantly in Kids in Latin America, where we beat Disney, because we think owning the Kids IP is going to be over the longer term very important for growth and we are starting to see that now with our Everywhere product in Latin America.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Drew Borst with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Drew Borst: Thank you. I have two questions, one for David and one for Andy. David, I wanted to ask about the U.S. networks business and your outlook for the operating expenses there over the next year or so, I think it was an interesting year for you guys in 2016 in the sense that operating expenses were flat, I think your EBITDA margins were either at peak or maybe above peak, but you also had some ratings challenges over the course of the year, so I wanted you to talk a little bit about how you are thinking about reinvesting in programming on the U.S. networks?
David Zaslav: Sure. Well, for the – I feel pretty good about where we ought to start the year. We got Discovery at number one. And we have for the first time, TLC, ID and OWN all working. We have worked very hard on getting TLC turned around and we spent a lot of time talking to the audience. So I think we have four – those four networks are very strong. We have Science and Animal Planet, I would say, as our blockers. We have National Geographic out there and we have Science now with ratings that are exceeding Geographic and Animal Planet with ratings exceeding Geographic. And we think that’s important that we keep those brands strong, more niche, but also kind of as a blocker, as Discovery is that number one channel for men. And on the content costs, I would say, focusing more on the bigger networks, but we have been doing that already and the smaller networks, our cost of content is a lot lower. We are doing a lot more content on Velocity for a lot less dollars. Bob Scanlon is a great operator there. He worked at ESPN and Speed and he is doing a great job of building that affinity group. And the overall – I think non-content costs, we think we can take that down even a little bit. And over the next 2 years, I think you will see flat to slightly down. So I think the U.S. is a good story. We have gotten our affiliate deals done. It would be better if universe decline was less than 2 and having it be in the high-2s, but our deals are pretty good. We are very well protected in terms of how we are versus everybody else, certainly in terms of the limits of how we are packaged and offered. So I think if we can continue to reduce our non-content costs and continue to invest in our channels that are working and building those super fans that we can have a nice growth business – continue to have a nice sustainable growth business in the U.S.
Drew Borst: Okay. Thanks. And then just a housekeeping question for Andy, with respect to the 2017 adjusted EPS growth guidance, could you just clarify whether the base year of 2016 includes or excludes some of the gains and losses that you ended up booking like the Lionsgate and Group Nine?
David Zaslav: One point that I just wanted add that’s important for why we are different than everybody else is, when we invest in Discovery, Science, Animal Planet, ID, we are investing in channels that create IP that we take everywhere in the world. And so that investment – and we tend – we are investing more in channels that work globally. So when we see ID up 15% in most markets and we see Discovery growing around the world, we are – we have this unique model where we invest in one piece of content, convert it into 52 languages and take it around the world. And I think continuing in that discipline of investing more in the global content, which gives us a much stronger return than investing in content that works only in the U.S. And Velocity falls in that category of global as well.
Andy Warren: And Drew, the question about 2017 guidance, it’s clearly off of simply the reported adjusted EPS of $2.13. We provided that ex-Lionsgate, ex the gain on Group Nine, only to provide some clarity on what would say is more of an organic operating view. But our guidance is clearly off of the very simple reported adjusted EPS actual for 2016.
Drew Borst: Okay, thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you. Just one follow-up on some previous comments, I think you were talking about the content costs, the programming costs and I wanted to ask you given that you have always had this big – one big positive drivers for Discovery has been the lower cost of program, but we have seen a bit more of the switch toward more event programming or scripted shows by you and some of your peers, I guess, does that change the model at all or how we should think about the cost structure going forward?
David Zaslav: Good question. I mean, for us, the answer is no, because we are doing basically one scripted series a year and we are focused on making sure that it’s content that works globally. So, Harley and the Davidsons was very successful for us. It lifted the patina of the brand. It was kind of a special treat for our audience, but it’s expensive content. It worked out for us, because it worked so well. But I think, at least for us that’s not the core of what we do. It’s part of a tentpole. We have also accelerated our content that’s in the natural history in animal extinction, science, more traditional areas, space for Discovery and that content is relatively inexpensive and we don’t do that for ratings. In most cases, it underperforms, but it overperforms on the brand and it overperforms for kind of that super center of people that love Discovery because we satisfy curiosity. And so we have built the whole team, Rich built the whole team with a whole documentary unit that where we are putting more of that content on. So net-net, we don’t see cost being an issue and we are not moving more into scripted, which is more expensive.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Nomura Instinet. Your line is now open.
Anthony DiClemente: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. David, as you know, FOX has really stepped up its investment in Nat Geo. Seems like they are really stepping to what’s typically been your core genre. You mentioned, I think a minute ago, Science and Animal Planet ratings. Are you concerned? Should we be concerned about increased competition from Nat Geo either as it pertains to ratings share or carriage with the new virtual MVPDs where Nat Geo seems to be included in a lot or most of the skinny bundles? And then Andy, first off, wish you all the best going forward. I wanted to just follow-up on the questions earlier about trajectory of content spend at the U.S. Networks in ‘17. So specifically, what’s in your outlook for programming expense growth for the ‘17 budget? I think you said globally you are expecting high singles to low doubles, but what – just for the model, what should we expect for U.S. Networks? Thanks, guys.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Anthony. Well, I have a special affection for National Geographic, because I helped create it years ago and worked with Chase and the Murdoch family in partnership, because we owned it when I was at NBC together. And I think it’s a great brand. And it’s one of the reasons why we have invested in Science and Animal Planet and really are very focused on what they are doing. They are spending a lot of money. I think they have a lot of ambition for it. And I think they are really good. At this moment, we have some significant advantages. In 220 countries we are in, we are on basic. We are the most distributed and we are number one in virtually every market against them. And in almost every market, we are number one for factual. We did launch Science and Animal Planet in every market in the world really as a way of kind of creating a flanker against Geo and History, which is also a great channel that does great nonfiction content. And I think they woke us – both History at least woke us up a few years ago. History was beating Discovery at one point. And Discovery, 6 or 7 years ago, we were cheating a little bit on the brand. And we got – it forced us to get better. It forced us to get more focused on our audience, what do they love about Discovery, how do we create more content that satisfies curiosity? And I think it made us better. Discovery Now, for 2 years, has been the number one channel by a lot for men and number one around the world and it’s helped us with Science and Animal Planet. So, I think competitive competition is good, but they are both great services and we are going to have to continue to really bring our A game, because both of them have really good teams and they are – they got us in their sights.
Andy Warren: Yes, I appreciate your comment about the next move. It’s – I am excited, but look it’s always one of those but we are leaving a company that you truly do love, one thing a lot of you have commented on and I will say which is unique here is a CFO-CEO relationship is so important. And Dave and I are genuinely – very genuinely, very good friends, very constructive. We’ll continue to be great friends and talk in the future. So look, it’s hard to leave a place you love, but I am excited about the future. So look to get into the U.S. content spend, without giving too much detail, call it roughly mid single, the good news is we definitely see U.S. SG&A being down just given the phenomenal work, we have a CFO there, Simon Robinson, who is doing a tremendous job of driving cost productivity, utilizing technology to really think about means of delivery. And so we have sustained cost controls in our U.S. business that we see for the next several years that gives us a lot of perspective on – even from these levels, continued margin growth out of our U.S. business.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And we have time for one final question. Our last question comes from the line of Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Todd Juenger: Wow, pressure is on here. Let me just keep it to one question, if you don’t mind. I guess turning back here, David, I know you like to use the analogy of the sports for Netflix. And so I guess one big difference between Netflix and a company like yours is they aren’t also simultaneously trying to run the linear network services. And I just like you to reconcile maybe how you are thinking about the future distribution sort of strategy and growth, especially in Europe, with the presence in sports. Right now you are getting double-digit increases from your traditional distributors. When you have this realized sort of Netflix-like sports product available as well, is it your expectation that you can both get paid still strongly from linear and also have the direct-to-consumer product and also, by the way, launch and increase the number of free-to-air channels, which I know probably are on sports, but they are still Discovery content. How does that all work together as opposed to eating each other? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Todd. Well, the opportunity that we have is we have a massive amount of IP. So when we are showing – if you are in Italy and you are looking at the Australian Open and we have three sports channels, we are showing three matches. But if you have the player we have 20 courts. And for showing the Australian Open for the whole weekend, then during that weekend is the World Speedskating Championships and we are not showing that or we are only showing two courts of tennis and one on speedskating. We are not showing the slalom. And so one is, we have a lot more IP. Two is there is a lot of IP we are not showing. We own all the snooker. We are not showing most of it. We own all the squash we are not showing most of it. We own all the speedskating. We are not showing all of it. And so the ability to go to super fan affinity groups and have them like they would go out and buy a magazine, if they love golf or tennis, they can get a seasons pass for their sport, we think is quite interesting. The other piece is there is a lot of people in Europe. It’s only about 50% penetrated on multi-channel television. And so 50% of Europe is – doesn’t have access to it, but there is a huge portion of that, that has broadband and so the ability to access them as well. And so we will nourish the existing audience with the quality content that we have and we see a sustainable opportunity here. In fact, I think we are just getting started. If you look at what happened in the U.S., it started with double-digit and teen increases for sports and then it just accelerated as they were able to aggregate that sports audience and it became so powerful that it really almost – it tilted the whole ecosystem here. None of that has happened there yet. And so we think owning this IP, having the ability to go to super fans and – Todd, the final thing is that we find when people are in their home they want to watch it on TV, but when they leave, they want to see Tour de France or they want to see the hockey game or they want to see the tennis wherever they are and so part of it is portability, which is a real utility to a lot of them and part of it is being able to see all the matches in a particular sport that they love. So we are quite optimistic about that. And in the same regard, we are optimistic about that same formula for kids or for crime or for animals with Animal Planet. We own all of this IP or for science. So we are going to start playing around with our IP direct-to-consumer until we get the right formula. We think we have it with sports and kids. And now as we look at the rest of our portfolio, we think we have an opportunity there as well and we will be informing you over the next 2 to 3 years how successful we are in getting people to either pay for our content or like the Discovery GO platform, to get them to look at it for free. But in that case, we have people watching in the length of view of an hour or length of view of our cable channels is 40 minutes. There, we get length of view of an hour and they watch all the commercials and we get a higher CPM. And by mid to end of year, we think we can get 2 additional points of growth in the U.S. out of that alone. And so that’s where we are driving with our IP and we are learning more and more from the audience about what they like and what they don’t.
Todd Juenger: It will be fascinating to watch it go. Thank you very much, David.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s question-and-answer session. Thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jackie Burka - Discovery Communications, Inc. David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc. Andrew C. Warren - Discovery Communications, Inc.
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Rich Greenfield - BTIG LLC Vasily Karasyov - CLSA Americas LLC Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Discovery Communications third quarter 2016 earnings call. At this time, all participate are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Jackie Burka, Vice President, Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Jackie Burka - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications' 2016 third quarter earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy and then we will open up the call for your questions. Please keep to one question so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2015, and our subsequent filings made with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to join you this morning during a very exciting time for the media industry. As the industry continues to evolve at an increasingly rapid pace, we know that powerful and love content is still king. Discovery remains focused on diversifying and augmenting the value of our global content portfolio of strong brands and franchises in over 220 markets around the world. We have continued to strengthen our traditional Pay-TV dual revenue streams while investing to drive additional value on Pay-TV and across new digital platforms. Since our last call, we have made some key strategic investments. We have seen expected but still difficult third quarter advertising results, in part due to the Olympics. We have completed a major US distribution deal, and we have watched a continuation of strong trends in distribution revenue, which are 50% of our US and 50% of our international businesses. That long cycle, domestic and international revenue mix makes Discovery unlike any other US-based multi-channel network company. Today, I want to talk about five major developments since our last earnings call. Our new CFO, two strategic investments, the financial foundation provided by our large distribution deals, and gains in our digital rollout that bring increased focus on our digital monetization. First, as you know, Gunnar Wiedenfels will join us early next year as CFO. Andy Warren has graciously agreed to extend his contract term to ensure a smooth transition of CFO responsibilities and a big thank you for that, Andy, and for all of your service, great service over the past five years. Gunnar's experience as CFO of publicly traded Procebin is perfectly aligned with Discovery's future and growth portfolio. Procebin, one of Europe's major media companies, operates multiple broadcast and cable networks and is also Germany's leading online video marketer. We are excited to bring Gunnar onto the team as Discovery continues our rapid growth and diversification in new content and digital platforms around the world. Second is a key strategic partnership for Europe. Today, I'm extremely pleased to announce that Discovery and MLB Advanced Media have created a joint venture to form BAMTech Europe. This platform partnership leverages Eurosport, the dominant player in sports rights across Europe with unparalleled reach and BAMTech's world class digital technology service. Discovery will remain 100% owner of Eurosport and all of its IP, as well as its digital platforms. This partnership will greatly accelerate Eurosport's access to over 700 million people in Europe. Gaining just 1% of the European population to subscribe to the Eurosport Player would equal 7 million subscribers. BAMTech's state-of-the-art back-end video platform and service will be implemented in 2017 across all of Eurosport digital products, which today include Eurosport.com, the continent's number one sports news web site with 60 million users a month, and the Eurosport Player, what we call our Sports Netflix, the leading subscription based OTT sports platform across Europe, giving fans an all-access pass any time and on any device in 52 countries. In addition, we will have access to select MLBAM content in Europe for direct-to-consumer contribution. BAMTech Europe also will work with a broad set of sports and entertainment content owners, broadcasters, and OTT platforms to enhance their digital capabilities, reach and performance across the continent. Third is an investment to change our content and IP mix, and help Discovery grow into a leader in short form and mobile content for the next decade. Last month, we announced that we will be investing $100 million, and entering into a strategic partnership to create a new media holding company called Group 9 Media. We will contribute two of our digital assets, Seeker & SourceFed Studios, Digital Networks, and we will combine them with independent Digital Networks' Thrillest, NowThis, which is the number one video news publisher on Facebook, The Dodo, as well as two Snapchat channels that belong to the NowThis portfolio. With 3.5 billion monthly video views across all of these millennial-focused brands, Group 9, will be a top five digital first content and social video company on day one. With a best in class leadership team, tremendous brands, reach and scale. We will own 39% of Group 9 and importantly, we have the option to acquire full ownership in the future. Fourth is another big distribution agreement. We completed a successful renegotiation with AT&T DirecTV. So we will continue to reach their 25 million subscribers in the US at very favorable rates. The DirecTV agreement is in line with our other recent deals. This long-term contract not only helps secure our linear distribution growth, but it also means Discovery's content will be available across all DirecTV platforms on a favorable basis, including the soon to be launched OTT DirecTV Now streaming product. The importance of long-term international and domestic distribution deals, like our recent deals with DirecTV, Liberty Global, and Telenor cannot be overstated. In the US, with the successful completion of our DirecTV deal, we won't have another major renewal until the end of next year. Internationally, while there were some one-time items last year that impacted third quarter growth, we expect double digit underlying organic growth for the next few years. As our stronger premium content portfolio, that now includes leadership in sports in Europe, is translating into much stronger price increases as deals are renewed. There's no question that the addition of sports and the upcoming Olympics to our nonfiction portfolio in Europe, is bolstering our profile with distributors and reinforcing the must-have nature of our suite of brands. Half of our total company revenues come from these agreements, and our built-in price escalators provide a solid, stable foundation of growth, even as advertising fluctuates. This stability is what gives us the optionality to monetize our content on existing and emerging platforms and is further evidence of the strength of our brands and our content. Two recent examples of our brands resonating with audiences are OWN and ID. With new hits like Queen Sugar and Greenleaf, a strong Saturday night and Tyler Perry programming continued to deliver audiences. OWN is the number one network for African-American women in America, and prime delivery is up 12% year-to-date. And for a few weeks this quarter, OWN was a top 10 network in America for women. ID continued to score big in the third quarter, ranking as the number one network for women in August, September, and October. Number one: JonBenét, an American Mystery Story is this year's best new nonfiction cable series and ID's best ever across demos. And this series also drew record audiences in the UK and ID's international viewership growth was up double-digits yet again. The fifth topic I want to discuss is our digital strategy. Our global digital strategy is pretty simple, get our own content to as many people as possible across all screens and platforms and fill in with digital-only content as needed. A key tenet of our digital strategy and driving incremental revenue growth is TV Everywhere. In Latin America, our kid's digital product continues to gain traction with Discovery Kids Play now in front of over 40 million households. In the US, Paul Guyardo and team have done a great job with the recent launch of our authenticated network apps and websites, which now give cable and satellite customers the ability to watch our long-form content anytime, anywhere, and on practically any device. We've made real significant progress with our authenticated offering in this past year. A year ago, our TV Everywhere footprint was in just over 20% of the US. Today, our footprint covers over 70% of the country. The national launch of our TV Everywhere apps that we call GO occurred on August 9. It's early days, but we have already learned a lot and initial results are quite promising. First, 50% of the streams are coming from 18-year-olds to 34-year-olds. This gives us confidence that our content is relevant to a younger audience. We just had to put it on a different platform for them to consume it. Second, we are seeing strong pricing. As CPMs for GO are at a big premium versus our linear nets, largely because the length of view is almost an hour and the millennial delivery is so strong. Third, consumption patterns appear to be 60% recent episodes and 40% older titles, which is a strong testament to our deep, rich library and the fact that consumers are seeking out our programming, even over a week after it's aired. Finally, our only real material challenge is our authentication rate, which is a common challenge for all programmers and distributors. But we're working with our distribution partners to address it. For example, we have just launched home-based authentication with Comcast, which removes a huge barrier by eliminating the password requirement on sign-in, and roadmaps to do the same with other MVPDs are in the works. We also continue to make strides in Europe. In some markets of Europe, the pay television penetration is lower than in mature markets and that provides new digital opportunities to leverage the investments we have been making in sports rights beyond our linear business. Of the 320 million homes in Europe, 160 million homes currently have Eurosport, but 160 million homes currently do not have access to Eurosport on TV, primarily because they are non-Pay-TV households. That 160 million is more than all the households in the US. For future digital delivery, there are nearly 200 million wired broadband subscriptions and nearly 600 million mobile data subscriptions across Europe, more than all the fixed and wireless data subs in the US, together making Europe the most important continent for sports growth and opportunity over the top. So there are clearly two routes for sports expansion in Europe, linear and digital, and we are attacking both. To help drive our Eurosport digital effort, I've asked Paul Guyardo to now oversee Eurosport's digital businesses. Paul worked with Barry Diller for many years at HSN and worked at DirecTV, where Paul and his subscriber acquisition team built DirecTV from 15 million subs to over 20 million subs. Following the successful launch of our GO apps in the US, Paul will take his skills to Eurosport's digital operations. And we're building a world-class team with new expertise to manage our direct-to-consumer business out of London. We recently hired Ralph Rivera to be the managing director of Eurosport digital, and he will take over the day-to-day operations. Ralph joins us from the BBC, where he was responsible for all of the BBC's digital media services, leading the implementation and operation of BBC iPlayer as it grew by over 300%. And not coincidentally, he delivered BBC's first truly digital Olympic Games for London in 2012, providing solid in-house expertise as we get access to the Olympic rings on January 1 of next year. Today we own the content for our linear businesses and we have the right to use that content to build our global digital businesses. As I have told many of you, because we own the sports content for both linear and digital, I've begun to think of this as an opportunity to build a Netflix for sports in Europe. We are also exploring creating services for science, in the auto space, and for other niche genres in the US and around the world, additional direct-to-consumer opportunities, so our super fans can access our content where they want, on whatever device, whenever they want. So in closing, we continue to secure important long-term distribution deals and invest and add key personnel to support global growth across all platforms to assure that Discovery Communications continues to evolve globally and digitally way beyond the way the traditional U.S.-based multi-channel network company can evolve. And now I will turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew C. Warren - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. As expected, and previously communicated, our third quarter was challenging, but our financial and operating trends in the fourth quarter are much better and our robust full-year outlook is still very much intact. Importantly, as David mentioned, while the media landscape is rapidly changing, Discovery's global content portfolio of well-loved and increasingly diversified brands makes us uniquely well positioned for long-term growth. Half of our revenue base is derived from affiliate, which is well positioned for strong and sustained growth, given the multi-year nature of our contracts with built-in price escalators. We also remain highly focused on controlling our non-content operating cost growth while thoughtfully investing in content and OTT platforms. As we have consistently highlighted, two of our most critical competitive advantages are our flexible cost structures and the fact that we own or control the vast majority of our content across all global platforms. These advantages give us tremendous operational flexibility and optionality and allow us to fully maximize our long-term profit growth. Now, let's dive into our third quarter results. Excluding currency, total company revenues were up 3% and adjusted OIBDA grew 1%. Net income available to Discovery Communications of $219 million decreased versus the third quarter a year ago, primarily due to a $50 million or $0.08 per share non-cash after tax write-down of our Lionsgate equity position. Earnings per diluted share for the third quarter were $0.36, and adjusted earnings per diluted share was $0.40, down 15% versus last year's third quarter. Excluding the $0.08 impact from this one-time Lionsgate write-down, third quarter adjusted EPS would have been $0.48 up slightly year-over-year. Excluding both, negative currency impacts, as well as the Lionsgate write-down, adjusted EPS was up 5% for the third quarter, and up fully 18% for the year-to-date. Third quarter free cash flow increased 75% to $410 million, primarily due to lower cash taxes and improved working capital turns. Impressively, constant currency free cash flow increased 112% for the quarter, and increased 72% for the first nine months of the year. Our total company free cash flow growth has clearly accelerated. Turning now to the operating units, our U.S. network revenues were up 2%, as our 7% affiliate growth was offset by a 3% decline in advertising growth, which was fully expected due to the Olympics, as well as the timing of Shark Week this year. Excluding the Olympic impact, US advertising would have been up low single digits. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect fourth quarter advertising to be flat after taking into account the small approximately 50 basis point impact from the deconsolidation of our Discovery Digital Networks relating to our recently announced Group 9 deal. Our domestic distribution revenues were up 7%, while total portfolio subs again declined almost 2% versus the third quarter of last year. We continue to benefit from the significantly higher locked in rate increases we have solidified in all of our recent affiliate deals, including our new deal with DirecTV. We are extremely pleased with the outcome of this latest renewal which was completed at very favorable rates and in line with our other strong US affiliate deals. The DirecTV renewal was truly a win/win as our content will be available across all DirecTV platforms, including their soon to be launched OTT DirecTV Now streaming product. Domestic operating expenses in the quarter were actually down 1% as we remain laser focused on controlling our non-content cost growth, resulting in 3% adjusted OIBDA growth and 100 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion to 58%. Total domestic operating expenses are expected to be flat to down again in the fourth quarter. Turning now to our international operations, the 3Q comps to last year are simpler, as there are no major acquisitions or divestitures to normalize. So my following comments will refer to our organic results, which need to only exclude currency impacts. International organic revenues increased 2%, with distribution revenues up 8%, and advertising revenues down 2%. Our 8% affiliate revenue growth was primarily due to higher affiliate rates in Latin America, CEEMEA, and in Northern Europe where we have been successful in leveraging our expanded content portfolio that now includes sports to drive higher contracting pricing step ups, but was partially offset by a couple of one-time items in Europe and Asia in the third quarter of last year. We still expect constant currency distribution growth over the next several years to be up at least low double digits as we continue to benefit from our stronger, more diversified portfolio of networks and higher contracted price escalators. Turning to our third quarter national advertising, overall results were meaningfully impacted by the Olympics and while we benefited from higher volumes in southern Europe, and higher pricing and volumes in CEEMEA, growth in these markets was more than offset by declines in Northern Europe, our largest advertising region. Northern Europe was clearly heavily impacted by Brexit and other macro-related weaknesses, as well as softer ratings at our female skewing networks. Trends, however, are improving in the fourth quarter, with all regions seeing improved results. Therefore, we expect fourth quarter year-over-year advertising growth to improve by several hundred basis points versus this third quarter's growth rate. International operating expenses grew 6% in the third quarter, primarily due to higher sports content, and production costs. But total international cost growth will slow in the fourth quarter. Now, taking a look at share repurchases. In the third quarter, we repurchased a total of $374 million worth of shares and we have repurchased $1.5 billion of stock over the last four quarters, as we committed to on last year's third quarter call. We now have spent a total of $7.8 billion buying back shares since we began our buyback program at the end of 2010. On a stock split adjusted basis, we have now reduced our gross outstanding share count by 34% and by 30% net of employee equity awards. We are still very comfortable with our current gross leverage ratio of 3.3 times, given both our high degree of confidence and our free cash flow growth forecast as well as our robust 16% and growing free cash flow-to-debt yield. We have significant flexibility around our deployment of capital and are extremely committed to remaining investment grade rated company. Very importantly, we are well within the financial ratios prescribed by all three rating agencies to maintain our current investment grade debt rating. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we will continue our share repurchases, for our available capital for buybacks will be impacted by the $100 million investment in Group 9, but 4Q share repurchases will not be impacted by the BAMTech Europe deal due to its immaterial investment size. Now, let's review our forward looking guidance. For full year 2016 we still expect constant currency free cash flow to grow in the high teen range and constant currency adjusted EPS, excluding the Lionsgate write-down, to grow at least 20%. We are also reiterating our 2015 to 2018 three-year guidance of constant currency adjusted EPS and free cash flow growth CAGRs both growing at least low teens or better. I also want to update the expected year-over-year foreign exchange impact on our full year operating results. Thanks to our effective hedging strategy, the expected year-over-year FX impact on our financials has not changed since our last call, despite some of our major currencies, especially the pound recently weakening. Assuming current spot rates stay constant for the rest of the year, FX is still expected to reduce our constant currency revenues by $150 million to $160 million, and our constant currency adjusted OIBDA by $80 million to $90 million. In addition, we still expect a positive FX impact to adjusted EPS of $0.02 to $0.06 due to the net effect of this year's adjusted OIBDA impact and the year-over-year change in the below the line FX impact. In closing, as I near the end of my tenure at Discovery, I'm extremely optimistic about Discovery's current global content portfolio, our optionality, given our ownership of content and flexible cost structures, and our overall financial and operating momentum. Now, Dave and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. If you could comment – two questions. Well one question is a quick follow-up. First on, Netflix spoke about a movement to sort of non-scripted programming and I want to know if you saw that as an incremental competitor to your domestic business here, or not necessarily because your brand is such a driver of viewership. And then just a follow-up, if you can give us a little color on your DTV Now comments. Will all your networks be distributed on the product? And any sense on what tier they might be on?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Okay, sure. Look, I think Netflix is a terrific company and they've had a lot of success in putting together quality content as well as acquiring content from existing players. And they've been in nonfiction and they are continuing to do some nonfiction. I think directionally, it's – they've moved to be more like an HBO and so I think in terms of where Netflix sits with us, we see them more as a premium service. Both Showtime and HBO also are doing some nonfiction and documentaries. And so we don't really see them as a competitor with our brands. Our focus really has been to get, to tighten up our brands to focus more on nourishing our core audiences so that we have super fans and we can be reaching them and build a steadier and longer viewership on each of our brands around the world. And, we have seen that with Discovery outside the US, which is continuing to grow globally, ID, which is breaking out, has grown over 10% this year domestically, and more than that outside the US, as well as Oprah and Science and Animal Planet. And, so we are really focused on curating through brands and we are finding that our pipeline is strong, particularly because of our leadership with Discovery as the number one channel for men in the U.S. and almost every market around the world. We are a first place that producers are coming to. Also, because of the amount of volume, as well as for each of our other channels, on crime, we are number one because we buy the most, in the African-American space now with Oprah, Oprah has become the number one place. I think focusing on our brands and nourishing our audience is really the key for us for growth and I think Netflix is doing quite well and it just reiterates the fact that nonfiction is strong. On DirecTV Now, we were able to work out a deal that I think works really well for DirecTV and for us. The idea with Now is that they're going to have an opportunity to reach out to subscribers that maybe they couldn't otherwise get and for us, we think a lot of that, at least hearing from DirecTV, is going to be a younger demo or cord-nevers, at least in the initial tranche. But for us, we are well covered. A number of our services are going to be carried and at least 85% of the economics we will be reaping from each subscriber. And, we expect that to the extent that it rolls out and it's meaningful, that we will find what we have found on smaller bundles around the world, that our viewership becomes stronger. So we have been able to secure a strong position which I think works well for us and works well for DirecTV because they have very high quality services to offer on DirecTV Now.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. David, as you move towards direct to consumer, particularly internationally, can you talk about what you think the organization needs to do, operationally? You mentioned some senior hires, your partnership with BAMTech, but in terms of hiring, I don't know if you think you need to get bigger in customer service or in billing software, I'm trying to get a sense for what Paul's job is here in terms of transforming the company to a more direct relationship with the consumer since your digital strategy is all screens, all places. I'm just wondering what the building blocks are that you are putting in place to make that all happen.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Sure. I'd say it's really four pieces. BAMTech and getting into business with Bob Bowman is a big piece of that, from a middleware perspective, as well as access to some additional IP through them. But joint venturing with BAMTech and sharing and investing in a tech platform that we build out throughout Europe gives us a best of class platform that can hold all the streams and provide a very positive consumer interface, which we think is an improvement over what we have today. In addition, we have Ralph Rivera who ran the iPlayer, and that's sort of the – how do we aggregate all the content and how do we offer it? Right now, we are offering it as a broad offering. Ralph is looking at subdividing that to specialty groups. We now have all the majors in tennis. We have all the cycling. We have all the winter sports that we start to break that out into seasons passes and we have started to experiment with that and Ralph will create the content working with Paul. But Paul's job at DirecTV was subscriber acquisition and marketing job. And, that's what he did for Barry at HSN, and that's what he did at DirecTV. He had a team of over 300 people that drove DirecTV from 15 million subscribers to 20 million, and he had dashboards that related to customer service, reducing churn, subscriber acquisition, how do you – where do you go? What are the affinity groups that you go to and how do you attack those groups, at what pricing. And so, we have started to hire a significant number of people. We made the decision to put them in London because we view this group as a disruptor group. So rather than have our existing team that's doing a world-class job of building Eurosport, and acquiring that IP, so we have our three Eurosport channels across all of Europe and we have Eurosport.com that Peter Hutton and his team is running and that is profitable and we have been able to get great IP. Now we have our BAMTech middleware together with their IP and their know-how, we put on top of that one of the best guys in the industry, with huge experience in offering content directly to consumers, and then Paul on top of all of it, responsible to drive it. And, look, there is no – when you think about Europe with over 700 million people, and only 50% pay penetration, there's huge opportunity here, we think, to go over the top. There's the 50% that aren't getting any of the Eurosport content at all, and then even when we are showing the Eurosport content on our channels, we have so much IP that there's a huge amount that's not being seen. And so that will be an attack. Our sports Netflix in Europe is something that we are taking seriously, and we see it as a disruptor and we think it could be a huge value creator. But, we think it's just the beginning. Because, when we look at all of our IP now, we've spent the last four years building our content, owning it on all platforms and whether it's science, whether it's auto, whether it's African-American, we think that there's an opportunity with all that content paid for, to go direct to consumer, either for a fee or for free and build additional economics and additional bites at the apple.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Janedis with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. David, over the years, you have talked a lot about programming and the importance of being on brand and I think for the most part, either on Discovery and TLC, but ratings have been a little bit soft the last couple of quarters. So, when you look at improving ratings, is the solution more original hours, is it marketing, is it better measurement? I'm just trying to get a better handle on your line of sight for the turn. Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks so much, John. First, I'd say that we really view Discovery globally. So this year globally, Discovery is up in a meaningful way. In the US, we are down a little bit. We are still the number one network for men in the US. We still beat ESPN six months of the last 12 months, but we have a group that we are talking to everyday that feels like Discovery is really on brand. We could put more content on there just to get ratings or we could put content on there that would be very US-centric, but we really look at Discovery as a global platform and measure it in terms of how we are gaining share around the world. Rich Ross had a huge success with his miniseries Harley and the Davidsons and we took that around the world and we are finding some meaningful success with that. Gold Rush is back and doing quite well. Alaska: The Last Frontier is back. So we have a lot of content coming in the fourth quarter, I think you'll see some meaningful improvement. But most importantly, the channel is on brand. We have done well with our scripted series and we have some real documentaries that are meaningful that have been on the air, that are reminding people of what Discovery is when it's at its best. So we feel good about Discovery. TLC has been a challenge. But I think we are making the turn. We now have a Sunday night that's really strong with 90 Day Fiancé, where we are number one or two for women on Sunday night again. The overall trend in the last few weeks has been better. But we've worked really hard over the last 18 months on our development and on figuring out how – what is TLC when it's at its best and how has it changed over the last couple of years. Where did we lose some acceleration? And Nancy Daniels and her team together with the global TLC team, has been digging in and we think we have some good content coming up in the fourth quarter and first quarter, so we think that we can help turn that around. And each of these channels are at times a bit of a challenge. Oprah was a challenge for us, the OWN network, and now it's a top 10 or top 12 network in America and it's number one for African-Americans. For a period of time, ID a year and a half ago, was stalled and Henry and his team got really focused on, what is ID, how do we nourish that audience? And now it's back on track and growing in a meaningful way and it's number one for women. And so, I think our creative teams are strong. We're not going to have all 14 of our channels growing all at the same time, but as we look at our overall share globally, whether it's in the women's category or the men's, over the last year, we continue to grow.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield with BTIG. Your line is now open.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Where is Rich? The second time this has happened to Rich.
Jackie Burka - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Next question please
Rich Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Hello, can you hear me?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: All right. We got you.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Oh, sorry. So, Bob Iger recently said that great content may no longer be enough, that you need direct access to the consumer. You're clearly trying to build a bridge in Europe through the Eurosport Direct product, but wondering how do you think about the US if Iger is right? And then just two, AT&T DirecTV is now the largest MVPD, presumably has the best rates for content, including yours, I would presume. To the extent that DirecTV now takes share from other MVPDs across the country, is that a headwind potentially for you and others in the industry in 2017 on the affiliate side?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Well, I'm not going to get into the rates on any specific deal, but I'll say that, look, we had a very good equitable argument when we went into our renewals a few years ago. When we did the deals eight years ago, seven years ago, five years ago, we were getting about 5% or 6% share, and we were getting 4% or 5% of the money. Our share went up to 12% or 13%. We launched ID, it became number one for women. We launched OWN and it was successful. Discovery came back to being number one. And we invested a lot more in content. So when we went out to the, all the distributors, we were able to get a significant step up and double-digit increases. And now we're done with all of our deals and that's true across the board. We were also able to secure good protection for our channels against tiering and real protection that we were going to get carried in a meaningful way in any offering. It helps us that our top five channels or six channels represent about 85% or 87% of the money. You know, exactly what happens with DirecTV now and where that growth comes from, we don't see that as being an issue. We see it as being an opportunity. There's a lot of people that probably weren't able to afford the traditional DirecTV product that may buy that $35 product. And if they do, we're going to have a lot of channels on there. Each of those channels are very strong brands. And we've seen in markets like Brazil and Mexico and in many of the markets in Europe where we only have half of our channels carried, if we can preserve most of the economics, the viewership on those channels grow and the strength of the brands grow. And so we're rooting for DirecTV with NOW. We also think that creates a nice marketplace driver. So if the other distributors in the market decide to do something like that, the biggest impediment right now is the price of cable in the US. It's something that we don't see in most markets around the world, and it's mostly driven by high sports fees. And so the biggest issue that we have in Northern Europe, Rich, is it's one of the few markets where cable TV is $100. And the result of cable being $100 is that there have been a lot of people that have gone to other services or disconnected. And that's not true across almost all of Europe or Latin America. And here in the US, one of the things that has stopped the growth of cable is pricing in all that sports. So the idea that somebody can do a $35 offering, and we can get most of our economics and more share, that's a positive. The second thing is we've already gone directly to consumers with Discovery Go, which is going very well so far. And as I said, 50% of the people that are spending time with Discovery Go are under 34 and about 40% are under 25. And they are watching an hour and they're watching all the commercials. And so we've already said next year we expect at least 1% of additional growth in ad sales because of Discovery Go. And we think it could be north of that. We have a Dplay product in Europe where we're also going direct to consumer, so we're learning a lot about all that, and I think you will see all the work that we did where we said, let's not fight for ratings, let's fight for super fans and strength of brand, that we'll be able to take that brand to people around the world. And I've said it before, but when you take like a science product, what would a science app that's $1.99 or $2.99 when we already have it in 55 languages look like if we could take it around the world and make it available to the over 1.0 billion subscribers that currently get our content? And so, we think with our content paid for, direct-to-consumer is an opportunity, but I would say that we really view the existing ecosystem as quite solid. So I think owning great content that has super fans and being able to take that to consumers is a real opportunity for additional meaningful growth. And in the case of sports, it could be a huge driver for us. But the existing ecosystem around the world remains strong and I think it's more of a, what's going to be in four years, five years and six years in terms of getting directly to consumer or seven years, than in the next few where things seem really pretty stable around the world when you look at subscribers
Rich Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vasily Karasyov with CLSA. Your line is now open.
Vasily Karasyov - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you very much. I would like to ask a couple of questions on the international networks. First of all, I think the release calls out Northern Europe weakness but then says that there was volume growth in Southern Europe. Given that the Olympics are a global event, can you explain that divergence, please? And then, do you mind giving us an idea of what Eurosport and ex-Eurosport what the margins are doing there? Because I'm sure the trends there are divergent in terms of operating expenses growth and advertising and (46:27) revenue growth so that we understand the drivers a little better? Thank you.
Andrew C. Warren - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Sure, it's Andy, Vasily. Yeah, so the answer to the question around volume growth in Southern Europe and really it also applies to Latin America and Eastern Europe. It's what we call the power ratio. And we've talked before about the share of economics following the share of viewership, and if you look at those two regions, Latin America, Southern Europe and Eastern Europe, you are still seeing strong double-digit growth there because we just have so much catch up to do relative to the economics following viewership and share. So you'll continue to see us talk about, while Olympics certainly was some headwind in those markets, no question that this – the overall trend of our performance from a macro perspective and from an economics perspective continues to be a great tailwind for us. With regard to Eurosport, look, we don't anymore split out Eurosport, but not only because it's so integrated now with the rest of the business. We go to the affiliate marketplace as one company. A lot of the ad sales now, while we are seeing tremendous outgrowth on Eurosport, given its new platform, we don't think of it as being a standalone entity anymore from a reporting perspective. While margins are a little less, still positive, a little less, given the dynamics of sports rights relative to some of the third quarter ad sales challenges that we talked about, no question the trend there is still positive. We are still seeing a growth in the top line for Eurosport related product and we are still seeing, over the long term, profit growth and margin growth for that asset.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: We are seeing a bit of a tale of two cities. If you look at Northern Europe, as I talked about earlier, they have this – they are uniquely seeing putt levels decline over the last two years, and we are all feeling that. A piece of it is ratings, which we think we can correct, but a piece of it is that there's a – there's something meaningful that has happened there over the last two years that has not had any kind of systemic impact in Europe or Latin America, we're gestationally in different positions. So when you look to Northern – when you look to Northern Europe, if you exclude that and you exclude the UK, where Brexit has presented real challenges in terms of the advertising market, we are seeing in Latin America and throughout Europe high single, mostly double-digit growth still. So we are seeing low double across Europe and Latin America, and then we've got a Brexit challenge and we have a putt level challenge in Northern Europe, Norway, Denmark, Sweden where we're fighting that fight. We think we can improve it a little bit, but we can't say right now whether the viewership levels on television are going to continue to decline or ameliorate. Right now it looks like it's a slow, steady decline up there, more so than we're seeing across most of Europe, which is contrary to what we're seeing in Latin America where there's still meaningful growth. And Eastern Europe, we are seeing meaningful growth in viewership as well as subscribers.
Vasily Karasyov - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of the Anthony DiClemente with Nomura. Your line is now open.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I guess no one has asked about the domestic advertising outlook yet, so we need to do that. You had said, Andy, that third quarter would have been low single digits if you exclude the Olympics. So fourth quarter outlook being flat, is it deceleration? So, can you please just talk about the drivers there? I would have thought you'd had the benefit of the new CPM pricing from the up front. And then just sort of bigger picture on domestic advertising, what are you seeing in the marketplace? Is there a budget shift to the Facebooks, the Googles, and the Snapchats going on out there? And then another one for, a separate one for David, also a question about getting your content closer to the consumer. But more about marketing. So you talked about Discovery Go. You've reached critical mass with that. You've talked about Deep Play, the Eurosport Player, does it make sense to start marking these digital products like Discovery Go more aggressively? And just, at a higher level, how do you think about the returns of marketing these digital products to consumers? Does it make sense at all to do it directly, or strategically, would you rather wholesale your digital content to third parties like DirecTV Now, who in turn do the heavy lifting on investing and marketing? Thanks.
Andrew C. Warren - Discovery Communications, Inc.: It's Andy, Anthony. So look, on the fourth quarter ad dollars, I'll look at it this way, there's going to be some pluses and some minuses. The pluses are A, clearly still a strong market. We're still seeing double digit scatter over up front, we're still seeing high single scatter over scatter and so the market continues to be our friend and there's good volume and there's good pricing there. So clearly, there's some positive there. We are also still seeing some positives from some pricing on Discovery (51:50) Go, and we've talked about the audience profile there skewing so much younger and more female. So those are clearly still positive trends that exist in the fourth quarter. I think on the negative side, one is the deconsolidation of our digi-nets, due to the deal that we announced where we are combining our assets to get a much bigger viewership share, and, look, the other is the universe declines and some pretty conservative view on our ratings. Clearly, there's some upside potential there. We're seeing some traction. We talked about ID, we've talked about Velocity. But, we've taken a pretty conservative view on ratings and the universe. So, I think we have a real chance to over deliver on that expectation, but we are trying to set expectations right as we think about the next kind of two months.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: What's your assumption on the universe? Is it more than 2% or is it 2% on your portfolio sub expectation?
Andrew C. Warren - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Yeah, it's the same level, Anthony. We've kind of been at the slightly below 2% to 2%. We are not seeing any acceleration there. So we're still thinking about a 2% decline in the fourth quarter.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: And on taking our content direct to consumer, we're now in 70% of the country with DGo and we have a strong relationship with a lot of the distributors that are helping us to promote it. So we feel like that's on a good track. We are really working on driving the authentication. When it comes to our sports product, we are putting in place a team that will work on marketing. The best case is, one of the things that you saw with AT&T is it's something that I have been talking about for a year and half that we have been seeing. It used to be the triple play, but more and more in Europe now, you are seeing the quadruple play. You are seeing wireless, broadband multi-channel to the home. There's still some fixed phone, but it's much less relevant as we all know. And so with that type, there comes a commoditization and we saw it across Europe, as BT tried to de-commoditization their platform by owning special IP, you see it with Deutsch Telecom, you see it with Vodafone, you see it with Telenor, you see it in Latin America. So, for a long time I have been saying, that that pipe is getting commoditized. And when you are holding on to that pipe, if there's one or two guys next door that are offering the same thing, it becomes a real challenge and it's almost a race to the bottom. And so we have seen that around the world. And the reach, when that happens is IP de-commoditize the platform. And so, some of the deals that we've been able to do, whether it's with Canal+, whether it's discussions with the mobile guys, which is something we're having now much more aggressively, where everyone is looking for IP to attach to their pipe, to de-commoditize it. And so, I think that the positive side of AT&T, is it's an affirmation that owning great IP is important. Of course it raises some significant issues for content owners in terms of how they are going to be carried on their platform. But the point is that the right deals for us, in Europe or Latin America, could be quite advantageous to driving this product. There's no reason why this product shouldn't be driven by the mobile players across Europe. And so, if you buy a particular wireless product, you can get the Eurosport Player. If you sign up for a particular distributor, you can get the Eurosport Player. They can bill for it. So if we expect that over the next period of time, that there will be some bundling of our product, just like Netflix is now getting bundled with Liberty Global, or bundled with other distributors, that it's a way of making and offering. The difference is, that in some of the markets in Europe, it could be exclusive. So we could be marketing ourselves direct to the consumer. We have Eurosport, so people are watching the sports that they love. We could be telling them the next match is on the Eurosport Player, so sign up. So we could be our own direct promotion through unsold inventory, which makes us unique and different from Netflix. But also, we have our direct reach. And, we have 10 channels to 12 channels in each market, where we are reaching specific demos. But then there's also, we think, the opportunity over time, over the near term, over the next year or two, once we have this best of class player working with Bowman and BAMTech and we have the product that we think works, because we have the IP that we think works, that we start to have distributors become sub-distributors for us, which we think also will reduce churn in a meaningful way, because we will be packaged along with other billing by distributors. So this idea of the quadruple play and this fight to de-commoditize the pipe, I think, for people that own IP, and could offer it across all the different platforms, is going to be a real meaningful opportunity for growth.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Oh, hi, thanks. Given the hour, I will just keep it to one question here. David, you mentioned before the 14 network brands in the states, something like 85% of economics in the top six. So my question is, how do you think about those other eight networks from both a strategic and financial perspective, and their role in your portfolio? Do you still subscribe to a philosophy of basically trying to invest and grow those and find the next sort of ID, or maybe is the world changing about how you think of those, the role of those networks going forward both in their distribution and their investment and the overhead that's required to maintain them and all that stuff? Just your thoughts there would be really helpful, thanks.
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Thanks, Todd. We have been focused on trying to – I think more than anybody else, we have been growing brands domestically around the world, and as you have seen our company evolve over the last ten years that I have been here, we have taken a meaningful amount of investment in content and new brands. So we have gone from investing $500 million in content to over $2 billion. And, as opposed to just growing and defending Discovery and TLC and Animal Planet, there's a number of channels that are having a real impact in the U.S. and around the world that didn't exist; whether it's ID, Velocity, which we call DMax or Turbo around the world, Oprah, which didn't exist a few years ago. And so, if you look at our channels, the top six represent 85% or 87% of the ratings, and 85% or 87% of the economics. That is where our primary focus is, but we have some other niche channels that we are playing around with and they have also been a farm team for us. Some of the content that starts on those channels ends up going to our bigger networks and it's a little bit of a secret sauce for us. Survivor Man and How It's Made started on Science and they became strong performers on Discovery and we are still finding that around the world. But directionally, even though we have between 10 channels and 12 channels, in most markets, we have 8 channels that represent 85% or 90% of our economics or 85% or 90% of our share. And so, that's where we are focusing and as we look at a world that is going to be changing over the next couple of years, we have been spending most of our time making sure those channels are stronger, those brands are stronger, and the people that are watching those networks feel more connected and affiliated with them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I've got two questions. David, you mentioned on your Eurosport, becoming like a Netflix for sports, you mentioned other categories that you were interested in, like science and auto, is that all under Eurosports or is it a European service you are thinking of, or something more global? And the second question is on the creation of Group 9, can you talk about some of the metrics that you are looking at and, you know, when and how will you buy the balance of the 61%?
David M. Zaslav - Discovery Communications, Inc.: Okay. Let's start with Group 9. We were doing, with Seeker & SourceFed, about half a billion streams, and we found that those streams actually had very good CPMs, but we needed a sales team, which we had, that was selling those 500 million streams. When we went to talk to advertisers, they liked the demo that we had, but we were like the – we were number 20 in line. So putting this together with Thrillist, The Dodo and NowThis, we get a number of things. One is we get 3.5 billion to 4 billion streams a month, which gives us – makes us the number three player, four player or five player in the space. So already advertisers are calling us saying, we like the demo that you have, we like the scale that you have, how can we do more business with you? That's number one. Two is, there's an ad sales team that's working for Ben Layer, a very strong CEO that's running the whole business, and we'll be able to take advantage of having one big sales team sell the 3.5 billion to 4 billion streams, which is a real advantage. The third is, they have a fantastic data analytics business, which is – we were faced with the question of do we build a very big sales team? Do we build a big data analytics structure? And how do we scale up our half a billion? And so we view this as a three part. We got the 3.5 billion to 4 billion, so we got scale. We have a great sales team as we picked the best and the brightest of all of these companies and Ben pulls it together, and the third is we got a great data analytics structure. I mean, that data analytics structure built NowThis in the last year and a half to be the number one provider of news on Facebook. And they also with have two Snapchat channels. So, for us we've got scale, we have data analytics, we have an ad sales team that we can rely on. We're more in the front of the line. And we were out in San Francisco last week, we were with the Facebook guys and they're transitioning their platforms to video and we're in the top two or three providers of video to Facebook. And we got to work on how do we monetize that content, and that's why we were out there talking to them. In our one minute and one and a half minute videos are generating so much energy for Facebook, how do we get more value out of that? It's not in our plan right now but it's going to happen, but if it does happen, which I think eventually hopefully it will, the value of a business like this could be huge. And finally, we pick up a stronger relationship with Snapchat, where we pick up two channels. And so I think for us, we now own 39% of it, we've got a great leadership team running it, we'll see over the next few years how it develops and it gives us great optionality and it gives us a great support system. Finally, Eurosport and the whole partnership with BAM, that relates to sports. And we're going to be going at that very hard. And, remember, the reason why we think it's so compelling is that Netflix spends over $6 billion to $7 billion a year on content. We're going to be offering our sports content across Europe and our cost of content is zero because we're already making – our margins are already in the teens for Eurosport. And so this could be a very profitable business for us. It's not that different from the cable players that were able to build a business model on the coaxial cable and multichannel to the home and then being able to take a second bite at the apple and offer broadband without a lot of cost. And so we have to prove it out, but we think we have something quite strong. When it comes to science our auto, that's something we can offer globally and we can offer it direct to consumer, we can offer it through distributors because we already are the – we have a huge amount of that content in language, and we're just playing there with the best way to offer it. And we're having a lot of discussions with consumers about what they like, what they like about our content and how to package it.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jackie Burka - Vice President-Investor Relations David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC Vasily Karasyov - CLSA Americas LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Discovery Communications' Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. If anyone should require operator assistance, please press star then zero on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jackie Burka, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jackie Burka - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications' 2016 second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release but if not feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy and then we will open up the call for your question. Please keep to one question so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our subsequent filings made with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that I will turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. Discovery Communications had another quarter of strong operating and financial results as we remained focused on maximizing our global linear TV business, strengthening our position on digital and direct-to-consumer platforms and controlling our cost base. A key element of Discovery's growth profile is our continued success in securing long cycle distribution agreements that provide for steady and predictable revenue growth and the optionality for windowing our content on existing and new platforms. Today, I am pleased to announce we have a new long-term comprehensive affiliate deal with Liberty Global, one of our biggest international distribution partners. The new multi-year deal will deliver our full portfolio of networks to Liberty Global subscribers in 12 European countries and includes new linear distribution for some of our key brands. It also includes broad digital distribution on Liberty Global's Horizon platform that will guarantee our passionate super fans will have access to our content on the screen of their choice. The Liberty Global deal is a continuation of several recent renewals in Europe where we're fighting for the value of our investments in non-fiction, sports and the Olympic games. These agreements validate our diversification approach and underscore the potential to drive long-term growth through these long-term affiliate deals. Our international distribution growth is returning to a double digit increase for the full year of 2016 and is poised to stay there for many years to come. This ensures cash flows and provides an investment pool to bolster our content to drive the next generation of growth. There is no question that the addition of sports to our non-fiction portfolio in Europe is bolstering our profile with distributors and reinforcing the must-have nature of our overall suite of brands. Our US and international affiliate revenues comprise about 50% of our total company revenues and growth of these revenue streams is now locked in for the next couple of years. Given the double digit revenue growth internationally, with our new Liberty deal and with recent agreements with Telenor and Telia across the Nordics and the favorable price increases and step ups we've garnered in all of our recent domestic renewals, together they will register strong growth, even assuming universe declines in some markets. This is solid guaranteed revenue growth for half of our company. It's like a favorable bond. Against our solid distribution revenue base we have more variable ad rates and we also have longer term upside potential as we convert the intellectual property, our content that we control, to new and emerging platforms. Along with the additional contributions to our international affiliate growth, investments in premium and exclusive sports rights also are opening up new opportunities to build our direct-to-consumer platform in businesses. A key example is our recent acquisition of Bundesliga rights in Germany. As you know, we look at every deal that comes available but we are always financially disciplined in our approach. A number of things aligned that made the Bundesliga different and very attractive. First, there was a new law in Germany called the no single buyer rule that gave us an opportunity to acquire the rights on favorable terms so that the investment will be cash flow positive for us. Second, we acquired a package of 45 games, mostly on Friday nights. It's a unique offering of must-have content for German sports fans, similar to Monday night football in the US, and it makes our Eurosport pay TV channel and the Eurosport player the home of Friday night Bundesliga matches. The deal is also for all platforms allowing digital growth as it will help drive the Eurosport player subscriptions while also providing a huge marketing platform for our whole portfolio. Finally, Germany is the fourth largest economy in the world, and the German pay TV market has never been healthier, with multiple telcos, satellite players and other distributors, all vying for the best and strongest IP. These are important potent sports rights that we now own across all platforms. As Andy will discuss in more detail, we will do well with this deal from the financial perspective, and it will also bring numerous strategic benefits to the business. Another example of our opportunistic and disciplined sports acquisition strategy for exclusive content is the multi-market deal for Wimbledon that we are announcing today. This agreement solidifies Eurosport as the home of all four grand slam tennis tournaments in 25 countries next year. One year ago we had just one market with all four tournaments. Like the Bundesliga deal, these rights bolster our pay TV offering, fuel our over the top sports product and give us exclusive premium content to attract more advertisers and viewers to our platforms. And with Rio a couple days away our Olympics team is in place, geared up and has started logistical planning for our first games across Europe in 2018. With our focus on securing these exclusive rights we feel that we have the real building blocks and value proposition to begin accelerating our direct-to-consumer sports strategy and the market potential is huge. As Andy will outline in more detail, given only about half of the homes in Europe have the main Eurosport pay TV channel, a little less than 150 million homes, there's significant opportunity for our sports IP to reach people on all devices throughout all of Europe, which has a population of over 700 million people. Our investments in premium IP in Europe and around the world are a key part of our strategy and we're really seeing the benefits take hold. In the US, our expansion into crime and mystery with ID has been a home run. The Velocity and Oprah Winfrey's OWN network delivered top performances this quarter and this past year, further validating our differentiated and diverse portfolio, specifically with its focus on scripted with Tyler Perry and Greenleaf, the new series featuring Oprah and produced by Oprah, OWN's success is only accelerating. Oprah's Greenleaf's success coupled with Tyler's hugely successful scripted series already on OWN has made OWN the number one channel for African-American women and a top ten cable network in America for all women, which is really incredible considering OWN didn't exist five years ago. This impressive growth trajectory is being recognized in the marketplace during this year's upfront, where we did very, very well. And we have a new scripted series which is produced by Oprah Winfrey called Queen Sugar, and that will be premiering in a few weeks and it also looks absolutely terrific. Our premium content strategy also is driving our digital business, as we are leaning more into short-form, streaming, and virtual reality platforms that appeal to millennial digital natives. For example, Discovery Virtual Reality, VR, which we launched just a year ago, now has over 1.4 million downloads and over 60 million streams and we recently launched our first VR scripted four part miniseries, The Satchel, in conjunction with Toyota. This innovative storytelling product brings our viewers closer to real, which has long been our aspiration and we are a first-mover market leader with our virtual reality content, gaining scale quickly and tapping into a potential next generation growth business for Discovery that younger generations are deeply engaged in. We also are engaging younger viewers and adding value to pay TV customers through our authenticated TV Everywhere product, Discovery GO and exciting millennials with our online brands, Seeker and SourceFed, which totaled over one billion worldwide streams during the quarter. In Latin America, our TV Everywhere product, Discovery Kids Play, is off to a strong start with great engagement in 11 countries across nine carriers. Another example of our platform agnostic approach can be seen in Italy where we completed a deal with Vodafone to provide our entire free-to-air portfolio to its subscribers across all platforms. Beyond our platforms, we are engaged with many players regarding other new and emerging products as we remain platform agnostic in how and where we reach our viewers, like our deals with Verizon Go90, Sony's PlayStation View and Hulu. These opportunities represent potential ways to reach new viewers and new revenue streams to drive growth. Viewers worldwide have made it clear they value our content. In a recent beta research study in the US that asked which networks people would want in an a la carte world, Discovery Channel ranked number one among all non-cable viewers and many of our other channels were in the top five of their target demos. Discovery Channel is the number one pay TV brand in most of the markets around the world where we're in business. As we think about our US business, I'd like to highlight some of our unique competitive advantages that will help ensure we continue to have a stable profitable domestic business going forward. Unlike many other content providers, we have very flexible cost structures and are not locked into long-term syndication type deals, thus we have levers we can pull when and if needed. We also own almost all of our content and control it across all platforms. That makes us more platform agnostic and gives us a lot of optionality as the world evolves. Additionally, given the demand for our brands and the value they represent, we believe we're extremely well positioned if the U.S. shifts towards more skinny bundles in the many years ahead. And with 85% of our economics coming from our top six networks, we could even benefit from smaller bundles, especially if they attract new audiences, which has been our experience in markets around the world where we have been on skinnier bundles. Our mission has transformed over time from linear-only non-fiction programming to a multi-platform offering of non-fiction, sports and kids' content today. The common thread has always been and continues to be real world entertainment that engages passionate communities around the globe. I am very optimistic about the future and our continued ability to deliver strong financial results and enhanced shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Andy for details on our financial results.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Thanks, David, and I thank everyone for joining us today. As David mentioned, we are very pleased with the continued financial and strategic progress we made in the second quarter. Our strong sustained domestic and international long cycle affiliate revenue growth, combined with mid-single digit global ad growth, drove 8% total company organic revenue growth. This solid top-line performance, combined with our continued focus on controlling our operational costs, led to a 10% global organic adjusted OIBDA growth, more than triple last year's second quarter growth rate. As we've consistently noted, two of our critical competitive advantages are our flexible cost structures and the fact that we own or control the vast majority of our content across all platforms. These give us tremendous operational flexibility and optionality, and allow us to fully maximize our profit growth. While our international advertising growth has recently been slowed by unusual market factors such as Brexit, we booked very strong U.S. upfront ad volume, our affiliate growth remains stable domestically, and it's accelerating internationally, and we remain hyper focused on controlling global cost growth. With our first half of the year constant currency adjusted EPS of 25%, we are pacing well ahead of our earlier guidance of high teens growth. Therefore, we are increasing our full year guidance for constant currency adjusted EPS growth from high teens to at least 20%-plus. Similarly, our first half constant currency free cash flow growth of 42% is also pacing well ahead of our high teens growth guidance range, which clearly validates our operational attraction and excellence. Before providing more details around our second quarter results, I want to answer directly several of the major questions analysts and investors have been asking us lately. First, with today's announcement, our new distribution deal with Liberty Global, we are now able to provide more information on the Bundesliga soccer right license in Germany that we announced mid quarter. We are very mindful of your concerns about these additional costs and their potential impact on Eurosport's profitability. As David mentioned, given the new no single buyer rule, we were able to pick up our primetime package of 45 exclusive games per year over the next four years at attractive rates. Also, consistent with our imperative that we position Discovery's international business for the future, the deal includes live streaming rights for games that we will now be able to market directly to all German consumers, including the 80% who do not subscribe to premium pay TV. With these rights starting in August of 2017, we will recognize half of that annual cost next year, and given the favorable rights pricing terms, we can commit to the Bundesliga being cash flow positive. It's very important for investors to know that we vet each and every sports rights deal rigorously to ensure that we can both generate a positive return on these investments and meaningfully enhance our strategic content position in key markets. Eurosport does not, and will never have negative margins. No sports rights deal that we pursue will lead to Eurosport losing money, and Bundesliga is absolutely no exception to this commitment. Now, I'll take a moment to talk through the future of our digital business in Europe, especially regarding Eurosport. Like you, we don't know exactly how the digital future, and in particular mobile, will progress, but we do know for sure that it is essential that we play and lead on this platform. Here are a few statistics and market perspectives that we use to inform our strategic and investment decision-making processes. First, data from the organization for economic cooperation and development, or OECD, indicates that there are around 330 million mobile phone data subscribers in Europe. Also, Pew Research indicates smartphone penetration in major European countries to be between 50% and 70%. This of course means that these people all have smartphone video capability today. We also know that mobile operators are looking for sports content partners to help bundle their respective services. Second, our own analysis indicates that today, there are over 32 million OTT households in the top European markets, and clearly that number will continue to increase dramatically with higher broadband rates and more SVOD services, especially around sports. Third, we know that there have already been over 17 million downloads to date of our free Eurosport news app. These users are our starting point or funnel for marketing access to all the digital sports content we have been smartly collecting. With these market dynamics, we can begin to build some strategic planning numbers around these facts to give us a sense of the potential scale and long-term value creation, to tell us whether this is a line of business worth pursuing. You'll do your own models but here's one of the ways we've been thinking about quantifying the opportunity. 1% of the OECD's 330 million mobile data subscribers at $8 per month would deliver approximately $330 million in additional annual revenues and a 5% penetration would deliver $1.6 billion. Recognizing that we have already paid for most of these digital content rights and would need to continue to invest in the latest platform technologies, a 40% margin would provide between $100 and $700 million of additional adjusted OIBDA at these 1% to 5% take rates. This is not assuming the additional advertising and sponsorship revenues from the Eurosport digital apps as we will certainly sell across platform. We are also aware that the enterprise value multiples on these digital earnings are higher than those from traditional linear programming. To be clear, this is not guidance but an example of one of the ways we are exploring the digital future in Europe as we make our strategic investment and content decisions. And one of the reasons that we need to assure that we have the content fully available for digital platforms as we execute our linear sports deals. Not surprisingly, another big question we've been getting is the impact of Brexit. For context, our U.K. business represents about 5% of total company revenues and a slightly higher percentage of total company advertising revenues. We're working through all of the potential implications of Brexit on our business, but from an FX perspective, we expect minimal near-term impact on our cash flows. For 2016, our adjusted OIBDA is fully hedged against the weaker pound sterling and 80% hedged against movements in the Euro. For 2017 we are have currently hedged about half of our Euro denominated cash flow exposures as we have rolling 12 to 18 months foreign exchange hedges already in place. From a business perspective, we have not yet seen the recovery in the U.K. ad market that we had expected had the Brexit vote gone the other way but it's still early days. We're continuing to monitor policy developments but do fully expect the U.K. to remain a key market for us. Finally, an important question being asked is how the Olympics and Brexit would impact our Q3 results. While we are increasing our adjusted EPS guidance for the year, we need to caution that Q3 will be challenged. The Olympics, as they always do, suck advertising dollars out of the market and Brexit will negatively impact our U.K. derived ad sales. Now, let's talk about the second quarter results in more detail. As I stated, on an organic basis, so excluding the impact of foreign currency as well as prior year contributions from SBS radio, which we sold on June 30, 2015, total company revenues were up 8% and adjusted OIBDA grew 10%. Net income available to Discovery Communications of $408 million was up 43% from the second quarter a year ago, primarily due to improved operating results, currency-related transactional gains, a decrease in taxes and lower stock compensation, partially offset by a decline in income from equity investees and higher restructuring charges. Our book tax income rate in the quarter was 19% due to a one time settlement benefit, and therefore we now expect our full year tax rate to be 28%, fully 500 basis points lower than our 2015 tax rate. Earnings per diluted share for the second quarter was $0.66, 50% above the second quarter a year ago. Adjusted earnings per diluted share which excludes the impact from acquisition related non cash amortization of intangible assets was $0.71, a 45% improvement versus last year's second quarter. Excluding currency impacts, adjusted EPS was up 31% for the quarter and up 20% for the last 12 months over the prior 12 months. Second quarter free cash flow decreased 4% to $301 million as improved operating performance and lower cash taxes were more than offset by the timing of working capital and higher capital expenditures. Second quarter free cash flow ex FX increased 30% for the last 12 month period compared to the prior 12 months. Turning now to the operating units our U.S. Networks had another very solid quarter with total revenues up 7% led by 8% distribution growth and 5% advertising growth, and another quarter of double digit adjusted OIBDA up an impressive 10%. Our 5% advertising growth was again due to higher pricing and proactively managing and monetizing our inventory to take advantage of the strong demand in the scatter market. This was partially offset by weaker delivery and in particular a weaker than expected Shark Week due to its earlier positioning ahead of the Fourth of July. As we look ahead to the third quarter, we expect advertising revenues to be down low single digits versus last year's third quarter due to the Olympics and the tougher comp, before rebounding back to positive growth in the fourth quarter. Our Domestic Distribution revenues again increased 8% while total portfolio subs declined 2% for the second quarter last year. We continue to benefit from the higher locked in rate increases earned in all of our recent affiliate deals. Domestic operating expenses in the quarter were up 3%. Our focus on controlling base cost led to an impressive domestic adjusted OIBDA growth of 10% with margins expanding by 100 basis points to 62%. As we look ahead to the rest of the year, we now expect expense growth to increase slightly in Q3 due to increased marketing spend and then abate in the fourth quarter. Turning now to our international operations. For comparability purposes my following international comments will refer to our organic results only so exclude the impact of FX and the SBS radio sale. International organic revenues and adjusted OIBDA both increased 8%. The 8% second quarter revenue growth was comprised of 10% distribution and 5% advertising growth. Our 10% affiliate revenue growth was due to higher affiliate rates in CEEMEA and in northern Europe where we have been highly successful in leveraging our expanded content portfolio that now includes sports to drive higher contracted pricing step ups, as well as increased subscribers in Latin America. Going forward, we expect our international affiliate growth rates to accelerate, so we are raising our growth expectations to the high single digit, low double digit range for the back half of 2016. Turning to our second quarter international advertising results, while we benefited from higher volumes and ratings in southern Europe and higher pricing volumes in CEEMEA, growth in these markets was partially offset by declines in northern Europe our largest advertising region. Northern Europe was impacted by the UK's lower ratings and softer demand due to uncertainty ahead of the Brexit vote. Given softer ratings and the fact that this uncertainty has not lifted post the decision to exit the EU and visibility remains limited, we expect an ad sales deceleration in the third quarter, which will also be impacted by the Olympics. We now expect total second half 2016 organic international advertising growth to be in the mid to high single digit range. International operating expenses grew 9% in the second quarter primarily due to higher sports content and production costs. Looking ahead, we expect organic expense growth to moderate in the back half of the year as we're able to fully leverage our pre-existing sports rights and local market people and infrastructure. Now, taking a look at our share repurchases. In the second quarter we repurchased a total of $377 million worth of shares. We have now spent over $7.4 billion buying back shares since we began our buyback program at the end of 2010. On a stock split adjusted basis, we have reduced our share count by 33%. We still plan to buy back a total of $1.5 billion worth of shares in 2016 as we continue to find the mid to high teen IRR return on this investment highly attractive. Despite increased global uncertainties, we remain very comfortable with our current growth leverage ratio of 3.3 times given both our high degree of confidence and our free cash flow growth forecast as well as our robust 15% and growing free cash flow to debt yield. Additionally, OWN's free cash flow, while not included in our reported operating results, continues to accelerate and supports our capital structure. We retain a lot of flexibility around capital allocation and are highly committed to remaining investment grade rated company. Importantly, we are well within the financial ratios prescribed by all three rating agencies for our current investment-grade BBB- debt rating. For the full year 2016, despite the anticipated difficult third quarter, I am very pleased, as previously mentioned, to raise our guidance for adjusted EPS from high teens to at least 20-plus percent. At the same time, we are reiterating our guidance for constant currency free cash flow growth of at least high teens as well as our commitment to driving solid constant currency margin expansion. Importantly, today we are also increasing our 2015 to 2018 three-year constant currency adjusted EPS and free cash flow growth CAGRs from the low double-digit guidance we outlined at our investor day last September to now growing at least low teens or better. Even taking into account uncertain global ad and media market dynamics, we were able to very confidently, today, raise these three-year financial growth commitments, given our increased visibility in three specific areas. First, our global affiliate growth rates, which make up 50% of our revenue base, given our continued success in executing strong affiliate deals around the world with sustained pricing escalators. Second, with the restructuring efforts already completed, we have made significant progress in controlling our SG&A cost base and, therefore, slowing our total cost growth profile. And finally, our book and cash tax rates continue to trend down and are much more favorable than we had expected last September. Lastly, I want to update the expected year-over-year foreign exchange impact on our full year reported results. Thanks to our hedging strategy, the expected FX impact on our cash flows has not changed much since our last call, despite recent weaker currencies in the UK and Europe. Assuming current spot rates stay constant for the rest of the year, FX is now expected to reduce our constant currency revenues by $150 million to $160 million and our constant currency adjusted OIBDA by $80 million to $90 million. We also now expect a positive FX impact to adjusted EPS of $0.02 to $0.06 due to the net effect of this year's adjusted OIBDA impact and the year-over-year change in the below the line FX impact. In closing, I'm extremely pleased at Discovery's progress in the first half of 2016 and our outlook for the rest of the year. I remain extremely optimistic about our evolving global portfolio of well-loved brands in over 220 countries around the world; our optionality, given our ownership and content and flexible cost structures; and our overall financial and operating momentum. Thank you again for your time this morning, and now David and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operation Instructions] And our first question comes from Kannan Venkateshwar of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. A couple of questions. David, on the strategic front, when we look at the cost structure in the US, the variable cost structure has obviously been an advantage helping you manage cost and margin. But internationally, your cost structure seems to be moving more and more towards fixed costs with the higher investment in sports. How should we think about the strategic view you have about international? Is this a bigger threat on digital sub growth or linear ecosystem growing? And secondly, Andy, from your perspective, the comment on Bundesliga breaking even from a cash flow perspective, does that include any assumption on OTT penetration? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Great. Thanks there, Kannan. So, I think our company has really – if you look at where we were three years ago, three and half years ago with the beginning of a cycle of all of our deals coming up with distributors here in the US and around the world and mostly our IP being non-fiction, we really – we made a strategic decision that we were going to invest more in content. We were going to focus our brands to be really around tribes or super fans. Get Discovery back on brand, science, we've driven Oprah to be number one for African-American women, but we also felt that we needed to grow our IP to have strength to really drive our long-term affiliate fees in an aggressive way. And we had said all along that sports was a real lag mover, that a lot of what you saw with ESPN in the 1990s is the way we see the sports market and the way that you saw the kids market in the 1990s is the way that we saw Brazil. So, we've emerged with much stronger IP and we're spending more for it in Europe on the sports side, but we've been very disciplined around it. Almost all of our deals have been low single or mid-single increases and we said we will be profitable on Eurosport with our sports bets. On top of that, we have the ability to sell that same sports IP to other platforms. As you go to Latin America, we have invested more in IP, but Scripps never went down to Latin America, so we have the number two or three channel for women in Latin America, which is Home & Health. So that's the equivalent of home, food and health down there, and we had also invested in kids' IP. And so as we look at ourselves today, we now have made most of our pivot. We don't need more sports content in Europe. We can be opportunistic. We have three sports channels in each country. We've been able to get big step ups and better than double digit increases, and you see our affiliate fees now growing double digit in – outside the U.S. You're going to see that accelerate even further in Europe. And we're finding that having kids, as well as a great female content, together with Discovery being number one in most markets, is giving us a lot more strength in Latin America. And so, our cost structure is really stabilized here in the U.S. We have Oprah working. We have Discovery number one in the U.S., and we have our channels on brand. And I think we've basically stabilized in Latin America and in Europe, because we have enough sports IP now, we think, to go directly to consumers to service all platforms, whether it be the phone guys or whether it be satellite providers, or content, or going directly ourselves. So, I think we're in much better position, with real long cycle sustainability on our affiliates domestically and internationally, and when I look at our bouquet of IP, we like our hand and it's important for us now to get that kids' IP, to get Discovery, which was last – two weeks ago determined to be the number one channel that people in America would want as a channel over the top, to take advantage of our brands and our IP on other platforms, which would be a cherry on top.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah, and clarifying the Bundesliga economics is one of the more important goals of this call. As we said, it's a unique opportunity to gain these 45 game, prime time games at very favorable terms. And we've committed to that being free cash flow positive, and that does not include any additional OTT penetration that may be derived from those rights. So again, a very favorable outcome, a very favorable economic result. And again, to the degree that it drives, and it will, higher OTT penetration, that's just all upside.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Nathanson of Nathanson. Your line is now open.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks. I have one for Dave, one for Andy. Let's stay on the German soccer league team. David, I guess one of the pushbacks when you think about Europe is, sports rights are shorter term than U.S. rights, so this is a four year deal. How do you protect your operations from the inflations like, or maybe the shorter term football rights versus where we are in the U.S.? How do you think about that impacting your economics of this deal?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good question. Most of our sports rights – with the Olympics after Rio, we'll get the rings in the Olympic library and we'll be in the business with the IOC throughout Europe for the next four Olympic games, and I'm heading over to Rio tomorrow. Most of the rights we've gotten are in the six to eight year range, and we've gotten all of our rights on all platforms. Four years is shorter than we would like, but having four years start in 2017 we think is attractive, and we don't need the Bundesliga on renewal. Right now we have – we're the leader in tennis, we have all the winter sports, we have track and field, we have cycling and we have MotoGP in all German-speaking countries. So getting the Bundesliga is, we think for us, kind of a real jump start and it allows us to play a lot of the games in terms of mobile and other providers that we think could be quite attractive, and we could learn a lot from it. We don't have any affiliate deals right now that are dependent on that, and we will be charging independently for the Bundesliga, so it will be a separate piece, sort of the way Turner – the way it's been done here in the U.S., so for us it's really a one-off. It's an ability to get the equivalent of Monday Night Football, to go into a very strong market and to take advantage of all the strong IP we have. And the fact that this is the most competitive market in all of Europe. Not just in terms of having a good advertising play, but you have a number of mobile players in that market, you have some very strong cable guys competing, and on top of that, you have Sky Deutschland fighting. And so there is a significant amount of interest in getting, as I said before, one, there is no requirements – governmental requirements – that would restrict us from offering certain things exclusive, certain sports exclusive. We did it in France with Volare (41:16), and so we can make this available to everyone. We can make some of our sports exclusive. We can emerge with an exclusive deal for some of these Bundesliga games. So, it just gives us a lot of vitality, and it takes us through 2021 and then we'll see what happens. We don't need it.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. And, I mean, just ask Andy, now that you have Liberty Global done, what percentage of the Eurosport footprints is now under contract for the next three to five years, and does that underpin a confidence in your guidance?
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Well, look, Michael, it absolutely does. It's about two-thirds locked in right now. And, look, it absolutely underpins both our guidance for 2016 as well as our increased guidance for 2015 through 2018. That line of sight we have now, and to a much greater degree than we thought a year ago, around the international affiliate, is one of the biggest drivers of our strength and views of both this year and the next three years.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And what we're going to need to do for you, when we get – when we fully lap this sports journey, but here we are a few years in, and we're operating three Eurosport channels. We've gone from 120 million subs to almost 150 million subs. Our viewership is growing. We have a direct-to-consumer product. We've increased our IP. And Eurosport still remains – it has a lower margin, but it's still profitable. It's in the double digit profitability range. And we've said that we will keep it profitable, but when we look at that profitability, we say this is what we're making on Eurosport in advertising and the affiliate revenue that we assign simply to Eurosport. But the way that we're doing those deals is, we're packaging Eurosport together with our 10 or 12 channels in each country, and that's where you see the 10% affiliate growth. That's not driven by subscriber growth. There hasn't been increased fees, generically paid by distributors in eastern Europe and western Europe. We've been getting significant step-ups and long term sustainable growth rates because of the overall package. And on top of that, we have the Olympics, which we said was going to be profitable, but now, based on the deals that we've done, and we're only about 27% or 28% of the way there, but on the deals we've done already, they're substantially more attractive and we think not only will we make money, but it will be quite profitable for us.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente of Nomura. You're line is now open.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you. I think the Euro questions have been taken, so I wanted to – I want to follow-up on direct-to-consumer, David. You're learning a lot about direct-to-consumer in Europe with Europlayer. How does that inform your strategy here in the U.S.? I wonder, how do you think about direct-to-consumer apps for your fans? I think you call them super tribes. And so what are your learnings in Europe, say about your path to going direct-to-consumer in the US? And then second question for either David or Andy, I noticed the all three media content partnership. You guys didn't mention that in your prepared remarks. I wonder if you could just touch on the strategic rationale for that and does that tell us anything about yours and Malone's content strategy in terms of – I think it's for dramas, in terms of moving away from maybe your traditional comfort zone? And will you use that content from the partnership on the Discovery platforms? Or is it more likely that you'll license or resell that content? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Anthony. We certainly have a lot to learn. We hired Paul Guyardo, who worked for Barry Diller and ran his new media and marketing operation, and he's now our Chief Commercial Officer and he has deployed Discovery GO here in the US. And, at this point it isn't deployed on all the cable systems. It's deployed to about 30 million cable homes in the US, but it's an authenticated app. It's all 14 of our channels. And we're learning a ton. One is about 60% of the viewership on Discovery GO is in the 15 to 25 age demographic, so a very young demographic is watching our content. Our female content is a big surprise. It's doing exceptionally well. We really thought it was going to be mostly our male content, which research has always shown that people love Discovery, they love Velocity. And so we've hired Paul, we're going to roll that out by the end of the year, probably everywhere in the US, and I think that will be a helper to us in terms of economics, but we're also getting to see what are people watching when they could watch anything. In Europe, we're learning a fair amount on our Eurosport app. Right now our Eurosport app is everything. And we're finding that we have significant churn, but when we're talking to customers, we're finding that they came in for the French Open and then they left. And then, they came in for the US Open and they left and they came in for Tour de France and they left. And so we've hired Mike Lang, who was head of development and strategy for Rupert and Chernin. He also ran MGM. He was one of the architects of creating Hulu. And he's moved to London and he's built a direct – building a direct-to-consumer team, and we're making some announcements, we've hired some very strong people, and it's an independent operation that will be driving our Eurosport app and all of the great IP that we have. And one of the things that we're learning is that it may be that these niches that – getting a season's pass for tennis where you get all of the tennis majors, a season's pass for cycling, you get all the cycling, season's pass for winter sports. There's some research that's showing that that might be a more interesting product, and so we're doing a lot of research. Because there's 55 countries in Europe, in the French Open we offered it five or six different ways and we're now evaluating where we were stronger, where were we weaker, where was there more or less churn. So we're feeling quite good about it, especially because our cost of our IP for our direct-to-consumer business is zero, because we own all of it. And the fact that we now own so much strong IP, I think works well for us. And so, the final thing I would say is that when we look at Discovery and we look at Science and we look at the auto category with Velocity, which around the world is called Turbo or DMAX, we're looking very hard at whether we create things like a science club for $2.99. We already have more science content than anyone else in the world. And Guyardo and Lang are looking at creating a science club for $2.99 or $3.99. And you get that app and you get all of this science and stem content and you get it in language around the world. Or we can do that with animals on Animal Planet or we can do that with some of the sub niches on Discovery. Maybe one of the most interesting pieces of data we got is, we started pushing – we're the leader with Eurosport.com online. We started to push a new app that instead of going to Eurosport.com you have your own app on your phone. We already have 17 million people that have downloaded and are regular users of that app. And so, that is for free, but that becomes a group that we now get to talk to as we want to find out what they want when we want to up-convert them to pay. So, we've got a whole lot to learn. We've got two fantastic leaders in the company that are really into marketing and direct-to-consumer business. And I think you'll be hearing a lot over the next few years. If we can make this work, you're going to see huge, I think huge growth, and I think you guys will give us a lot of credit for it because it's kind of the next generation of our IP. And finally, on all three, it's a great partnership with Mike Fries and us, we own it 50-50. We have a fair amount of scripted content in there, and the thing that differentiates all three from a lot of the production companies that are primarily US is that you could do deals in Europe where you hold onto the digital rights or you get the digital rights back in a year, two years or three years. So we see that as a profitable business that we can continue to grow and scale up, but ultimately those digital rights are rights that we could use on Dplay across Europe, that Mike could use on Liberty Global, together with our content, and we view it as a profitable content business, but an IP farm that could really generate more value for us in the aftermarket of mobile and direct-to-consumer as well as working with Mike and providing a better environment for Liberty Global customers.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah, there was an announcement today from all three and Liberty Global on con call (50:18) that they're doing on dramas that doesn't include us. That is Liberty and Virgin Media (50:20) that's not us.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: One other point, Anthony on All3Media, just to remind people. Not only was it absolutely (50:30) strategic value that we wanted to achieve, especially around as David said, IP curation and first looks and optionality. But remember the deal structure itself was incredibly capital efficient. We did the deal, as you know, with Liberty Global. We both write an equity check for about a quarter of the value of the company. We're able then to, within the JV structure, do an additional 50% with debt and leverage that certainly makes it more capital efficient. So it is a very strong IP and strategic play and also being very capital efficient.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. David, just to come back to Europe since that's the big news this morning and a driver of the higher long-term guidance. When you re-cut this Liberty deal, were there any restrictions on your direct-to-consumer flexibility. I'm thinking about, for example, taking your linear networks on, I think it's on DMAX or future products direct-to-consumer in any of the markets? Were you able to keep all that and get the step ups that you've laid out here? And any comment for us on your Sky relationship. You probably have lots of different deals with Sky around Europe. I'd imagine that's a huge part of what's left to do and then I just had a quick follow up for Andy.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ben. First, the economics isn't driven just by Liberty Global. We just happen to be announcing Liberty Global. We've been able to do very favorable deals in Latin America. We're able to do very favorable deals in Europe. As you know we pulled our signal on three occasions in the last six months. So, it was a cultural change of – not only is our IP better but we're going to stand up for the value of our content and that's reverberated in Asia as well. The other piece that's helping our affiliate line which I think has more sustainable opportunity for us is that more and more content players want some exclusive content in order to de-commoditize their platforms. So whether it's a mobile player or whether it's a satellite operator or whether it's a cable operator in a particular market, more and more they want some exclusive content. So that when you buy their service you get something you don't get anywhere else. And we've been able to take advantage of that (52:56) in the Middle East and OCN (52:59). So we did our full package of services in the Middle East and then we offered some extra content to BN (53:03) and some extra content to OSN. That was all incremental and that's exclusive content. We have a huge library. We did the same thing with Bolareux (53:13) in France, and so more and more we're having discussions where we provide our base of services into the marketplace but then because we have a real opportunity we can just create a kid science channel. We can create a male channel very quickly in a market. We can launch another female channel. We can launch a young female channel and we can do it at very low cost with our library. So that's one of the things that's been helping to drive it. We don't comment specifically with respect to Sky or any of the other players in the marketplace in terms of when their deals are coming out or what the status is.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, fair enough. Andy, just quickly, a clarification. I thought you said that you would recognize half the cost of Bundesliga next year. I think it is a four-year deal, so I was just wondering if you could clarify on that. And then on US affiliate revenue, which was healthy in the second quarter, should we expect similar sort of 8%-ish growth in the back half? Thanks.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Hey, Ben. Yeah, Bundesliga it's really half the annual cost will be recognized in 2017. It is a four year deal, but because it's only six months of 2017 it will be one half of one year as license fees.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, got it.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yes, is a four year deal. And look on the affiliate line, no question that our pricing escalators certainly reflect the 8% plus growth that we're now at. The question is and you all can model this yourself is what would happen obviously with the sub universes and what those declines may or may not be. And again, a lot of our penetration rights protect us but clearly the pricing escalators and other deals we've done reflect that sustainability of growth.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I mentioned this in my comments but when you look at 50% of our revenue being long cycle, for us I think we've worked really hard over the last three-and-a-half to four years to get significant increases and it's paying real dividends us now. In an environment where the universe declines, we're still growing very, very healthy and we will, even if first declines increase. In markets where there weren't increases, we fought to get the increases. In Latin America, and in Europe and we sit now with 50% of our revenue very strong. Almost like a bond. And so if you have 50% of our revenue growing at 8%, 9%, 10% then the question is what do we do with our IP and our existing platforms? And what happens to the advertising market? If we grow 2% then maybe we're a 5% growth business. If we can grow around the world 5% then we're 6% or 7% or 8% growth business. If the advertising market – or we do a better job programming our channels and we can get advertising around the world up to 8% or 9% then we're a double digit growth business. And so I think, we are really going to focus in now. We've done a really good job on focusing on our brands. We have done a good job of getting our IP strategy in place with kids in Latin America and sports in Europe and in Asia now we have sports and kids at a much lower cost. But the incremental on top is if we could now create extra revenue by going to other platforms, that's all incremental. And so we're going to spend a lot more time on the other 50%, which right now is ad sales and viewership share of all of our brand as well as taking all of our IP to every other platform in every market in the world to get more dollars.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Todd Juenger of Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks. Given the time, I'll try and keep it quick. Andy, I think just a clarification. I thought I heard you say, but I want to make sure I heard you say it, that your portfolio subs – I think you said they were down 2% year over year for the quarter. I think in Q1 you said that was 1%. I don't know – first of all I don't know if I heard that right. But if I did hear that right I don't know if that is anything peculiar to your particular mix of networks or if that tells us something about the universe of overall US paid subscribers. And again, just trying to keep it quick. The second question, I think you characterized your upfront as strong. I didn't know if you would be willing to make that any more specific in terms of either CPMs or ultimately actual dollars collected. Thanks.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Sure. Yeah, Todd, we did say down 2% versus down 1%. That nominal acceleration at 2% is a combination of cord cutting and cord shaving. But again even including that down 2% we still had – it's really a growth of 8%. So it really speaks to the extent at which our affiliate pricing contracts had been sustained. And what was the second question? Yeah, and the upfront, Todd, was – look, it was very strong for us. Without getting into too many details, broadly speaking pricing was high single. We were able, given that pricing dynamic, to sell out a little more of our inventory while still leaving room for the strong scatter. And so net-net, really couldn't be happier with the pricing. David mentioned the dynamics around OWN. We also put a lot more of the ad volume into our digital platforms, and so couldn't be more happy with how the upfront played out and how we're able to monetize that strength.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Terrific, thanks.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Alexia Quadrani of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Just one quick follow-up on your commentary. The move of Shark Week, which you highlighted, hurt ratings a little bit in the quarter. I assume that is not a permanent move, that it goes back to the normal timeslot next year. And I guess, just given the comments you just gave right now on the underlying – the advertising market is very strong upfront. You are (59:11) you've made in content (59:14). Should we assume – I guess, what's your assumption for the longer-term kind of domestic advertising growth for you guys?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Alexia. Well, first, Shark Week was down this year. It was still the number – maybe fourth most successful Shark Week. But we think it should be much better. We got it to a whole different level in the last two years and it dropped off. Part of that I think is, we made a mistake. We moved it too early. We did it for two reasons. One, we wanted to get out of the way of the Olympics and two, we thought it could be helpful to us to align with the July 4 weekend, but I think in retrospect, doing a lot of the research, I think that it was too early. There were a lot of people still working. When we've done it in August, we get a huge boost in date & day and late night, because people are just hanging out, and the kids are – kind of the dog days of summer. So I think you'll see next year, it will be going back into late July, early August where we found the most success. The only – one other thing I would say about the overall ratings and advertising market, advertising market feels strong. Scatter is better than double-digit above last year. The volume is quite good. We have been hurt in the U.S. by the strength of the news networks, they're up almost 100%. A lot of the viewership that's going for those networks is coming from some of our channels. Discovery's still the number one channel in America for men. But there's no question that both our male and female channels are getting hurt a little bit by that. So we're looking forward to the Olympics being over and early November, for the elections to be over, because we think we have a good hand with our brands, and a good hand with our channels. In terms of longer term, we can't predict. I would say we took some more money because the pricing was quite good. We were able to get more dollars and better pricing into some of our more successful channels, like ID, that's broken through now and is a top three or four channel in America for women and it's number one in daytime and late night. We were able to do a lot better with that. And Guajardo has, working with Abrase (61:34) has done, I think, a good job of leveraging some money into digital, which should show up as incremental in value next year. Scatter right now is strong. I think the biggest narrative that's changed, and I don't know how long it will change, is that TV's a pretty good place to move product for advertisers. And a number of advertisers move to digital and they weren't able to move as much product and they weren't able to get the kind of metrics that they were comfortable with, and so more money has moved back to TV. And the ability through things like X1, the ability through working with a number of the data services, to really get better quantification for who's watching and target advertising on television, is improving, as well as TV Everywhere getting a little bit better. So overall, I think right now there's some momentum that TV is a pretty good place, a more favorable place to move money, more sustainable, more dependable. I think over time digital is probably going to make more of a comeback, but that whole en vogue of digital has, I think, worn off a little bit and those that went in too hard, I think got hurt a little bit. So, for now it's good. We can't really make any long term predictions, but we're certainly way ahead of where we thought it would be.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson of UBS. Your line is now open.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much. I was just curious; you said on the U.S. app getting to the full market by the end of the year would be a helper for economics. Just curious how that flows through from your affiliate deals if that was sort of a separate – separately priced product. And then lastly, David, you talked about advertising and viewing a lot being sort of a core focus, as it always is. You often give us sort of international viewing and talk about how your focus is on global viewing, not just U.S. viewing. Any sort of update on sort of viewing by region and overall international would be really helpful. Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. You know, Discovery GO, right? We're talking about an authenticated app where we're working together with the distributors. So we have TV Everywhere, which we now have deployed everywhere possible, and we have our own authenticated app which allows us to get incremental advertising, but also reach a very strong Millennial population. So our CPMs on that are quite good. Our viewing globally is up. One of the things that – it's a little bit of a tale of two cities. Northern Europe is a challenge. It's been a challenge for the last year and it continues to be a challenge. Advertising was actually down in northern Europe. If you took northern Europe out, we were double-digit growth everywhere else in the world. And so we are finding that northern Europe, through very high penetration of high speed, very expensive cable, high penetration of HBO and of Netflix, and a very strong appeal of U.S. content with a high English-speaking population that loves the U.S. stuff, that it is having a significant impact on viewership in northern Europe. SBS has been a good transaction for us, it's a free cash flow machine. It's been very efficient in terms of the price we bought it at and the synergy we got. But of all markets around the world, it seems to be the one that has the most challenge in terms of viewership on traditional platforms. The good news is, it doesn't feel at all like it's contagion. In fact, Netflix penetration and SVOD penetration outside of northern Europe is much lower than everybody thought. Local content is working better for those players throughout most of western Europe and Latin America. So our viewership overall is up. It's up in the mid-single range, and we're fighting very difficult economies around the world. I mean, you have almost every country in either Latin America or Europe either flat or down, and advertising tends to follow GDP. The reason that we're still growing is that our share is growing and we have some efficiency and we've been able to get a little bit of market power as we've gotten bigger. But we don't see the economies improving anytime soon, and we don't see northern Europe improving anytime soon, but the rest of the market feels rather healthy to us, and our ability to continue to get double digit feels sustainable.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you and our final question comes from Vasily Karasyov with CLSA. Your line is now open.
Vasily Karasyov - CLSA Americas LLC: Just wanted to follow up on the domestic subscriber conversation. Is there any difference that you see, A, by your channels because you quote 2% decline for the portfolio. Is there one particular channel that drives that or is it across the board similar declines? And then, do you see any difference in terms of subscriber dynamics by type of distributor, I mean satellite versus telco versus cable?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks. Andy can get into more detail, but in the aggregate we were down 2%. You are seeing, I think, a little bit of a changeup. I don't want to call who the winners and losers are. You can do it. We see announcements of a number of guys gaining. Some of that hasn't flowed through. We don't know whether there are a number of platforms. In some cases we have some consolidated players that are looking to transition some from one platform to another. So we're getting some movement. Whether it's a sustainable 2% or whether that ameliorates based on the press releases that we're seeing from some of the bigger distributors that are saying that they're growing. We're also being helped a little bit by TV Everywhere and X1 is quite a compelling product and that's a big helper to us. And with Charter now and Time Warner coming together be Rutledge being an aggressive proponent of TV Everywhere, I think that will also be a helper. But what happens to the universe as some of the platforms are losing and some are gaining, we have a little bit of a lag, it remains to be seen. Right now it's looking like 2%. We'll let you know in the next two quarters whether that was high or low.
Vasily Karasyov - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: And from a network perspective, Vasily, it's kind of a mix. The bigger drivers, which is good for us, so the decline is really what we call the digi nets, or lesser distributed networks. And it's good for us because that's not where the economics of our US business are at. And so the bigger, mostly distributed, higher CPM networks are kind of growing at or below that level. And then we're still seeing, by the way, growth on Velocity and some of the other networks that have a particular affinity group that we continue to see traction on. So, it's kind of a mixed bag, but again, good for us that it's the lesser valuable networks that are seeing the greatest extents of decline.
Operator: Thank you and that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 17:15:00) =====
Executives: Jackie Burka - Vice President-Investor Relations David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP
Analysts: Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2016 Discovery Communications Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to the turn the conference over to Jackie Burka, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jackie Burka - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications' first quarter 2016 Conference Call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy and then we will open up the call for your questions. Please keep to one question so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased about Discovery's operating and financial momentum, with current trends in the U.S. particularly strong and international investments driving new value across our portfolio. While we continue to face certain secular and economic challenges in various markets around the world, we are evolving in a consumer video marketplace with 7 billion worldwide screens and are optimistic about our global growth profile in the more than 220 markets. As Andy will discuss in more detail, we are focused on spending more on growth, in content and in direct-to-consumer platforms while relentlessly driving down cost growth in all non-content cost areas. If it is not going to nourish audiences or help us grow long term, we are attacking it. As a result, I'm pleased to announce today that we will have real constant currency margin expansion for the full 2016 year. The ultimate goal is to maximize growth. First and foremost, in our linear TV business, while aggressively pursuing new opportunities to diversify and strengthen our content and bring it to more screens and more people around the world. These cost savings will allow us to continue growing our business by focusing our investment in four key areas: more investment in content, more investment in our international growth markets, more investment in digital services and OTT products, and more investment in sports. Our expansion into sports is well underway with Eurosport. We have been on a journey to revitalize the brand with locally relevant sports rights and programming. And we are realizing the potential of this cash flow positive business and we're starting to see meaningful results, including double-digit growth all across Europe. And we're leveraging the power of sports programming by driving meaningful affiliate value across our whole portfolio, which you will see grow further in the years ahead. In addition, the Eurosport Player is generating value by offering a deeper, more immersive experience all across Europe. It's a separate offering with unique content from what we have on our Eurosport channels all across Europe. Tennis fanatics were able to watch up to 16 courts at the Australian Open. And at the beginning of the year, SQUASHTV launched as a dedicated channel on Eurosport Player with 500 hours of squash action a year. Our distinct digital offering allows us to have a direct economic relationship with viewers and gives us an opportunity to go deeper into the sports they love. It's a richer, different value proposition from all linear channels. In the first quarter, subscription growth increased double-digits versus last year, proving Eurosport's content and brand power is a multi-screen opportunity for us. We continue to monetize our Olympics investment by signing sub-licensing deals in The Netherlands and Finland, which followed our deal with the BBC in the UK. These agreements significantly exceeded our plan. We have retained all rights to the Olympics on all platforms so that we could pursue incremental value and deals on mobile, on social media with players like Facebook Live and Twitter or going direct to consumer on our Eurosport app. The Olympics will not only be profitable, but based on the deals that we've done already, we expect the Olympics will make real money for us on each of the games. Moving on to our entire international portfolio. Our international average audience was up over 5%, driven by worldwide viewership strength from Discovery Channel, especially in Russia, Brazil and Mexico, and strong performances from our female networks in Latin America. And Germany also enjoyed strong double-digit growth, driven by TLC and DMAX. Across all of our international markets, we are getting good value for our portfolio of global brands and sports, and the momentum remains strong with recent renewals. As I mentioned last quarter, we pulled our channels in the Nordics to Telenor subscribers as we stood up for the value of our content. And we were able to win significant increases in our renewal and lock in long-term growth. We believe in the value of our content and we will continue to stand up and fight for the value. Looking at our U.S. portfolio, we had another quarter of very strong results. We are extremely pleased with our current domestic trends, and ad growth remains solid as we head into the second quarter and the upfront. Discovery Channel had its second highest rated quarter ever in primetime with eight of the top 10 unscripted shows on cable, including Gold Rush, Fast N' Loud, and Alaska Bush People ranked one, two and three. ID was the number two network for women, and had its best quarter ever in primetime. Velocity had its highest delivering quarter ever, and Science its highest rated quarter ever. And starting next month, we welcome back Patrice Andrews, who was most recently with ITV and A&E, as the new General Manager of Animal Planet. Patrice is a fantastic storyteller and a great creative leader. She'll be a big help to driving the value of Animal Planet. Beyond traditional pay TV distribution, people want access to our brands and content across all screens. As we own most of our IP, we are driving our digital strategy and making progress in diversifying how and where we reach consumers, particularly younger viewers. Across all these efforts, we are building audiences, learning consumption habits, and expanding monetization models. Part of our digital strategy is to add value to pay TV subscribers through our own TV Everywhere products, such as Discovery GO in the U.S., Discovery Kids Play in Latin America, and by extending the availability of our content through distributor TV Everywhere products. It's very early days for Discovery GO, but we are pleased with our initial results. The platform is clearly appealing to a younger audience as 50% of our visitors are in the 18-to-34 demo, and we are selling CPMs at a significant premium, highlighting the appeal of our long-form content in the digital space. Second, we continue engaging millennials and younger audiences with Discovery Digital Networks. Today we average more than 300 million streams each month and we are now focusing our web-native efforts under two key brands that are resonating with advertisers and with users: Seeker and SourceFed. Over the last two years, we have drilled down and developed the best-in-class virtual reality content. The Discovery virtual reality app has over 30 million views in the last few months. And we have developed over a hundred pieces of virtual reality content with a new offering every week. We're very excited about the possibilities to immerse audiences in new story formats and create meaningful opportunities for advertisers. As content gets closer to real, our content brands move to the top of the heap. Finally, we're focusing on delivering for superfans with select direct-to-consumer offerings. In Europe, the Eurosport Player and Dplay exemplify our aim to grow audiences across platforms and continue to provide captivating exclusive content across more screens than ever before. And we recently took a minority stake in RugbyPass, the definitive OTT product for rugby fans in 23 markets in Asia. Across all these efforts, we are learning viewing habits and amassing data on how best to reach consumers across all screens. As we begin another year, Discovery is well-positioned to broaden our reach and relevance with our audiences. We end the quarter with a lot of optimism. Our U.S. business is a real meaningful growth business, even given small subscriber universe declines. And as a company, worldwide 50% of our revenues come from long-cycle distribution agreements with strong contractual growth rates. In our international business, we've turned the corner on currency and are now starting to realize some tailwinds that could grow stronger in the months and years ahead. And we're investing in the growth areas for the future. We are confident in the long-term growth profile of the company and our ability to create sustainable shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Andy for details of our financial results.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Thanks, David, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Before I review our first quarter results, I want to highlight a few very important and positive updates regarding our 2016 guidance. As David mentioned, we are now committing to total company constant currency margin expansion for the year. We want to ensure that we position Discovery for growth in both existing and new areas and continue to embrace change to drive innovation across the company. As the industry evolves, we will continue to evolve with it. We have consistently highlighted our flexible cost structures and the fact that we own or control most of our own content across all global platforms as two of our most critical competitive advantages. And these advantages are allowing us to maximize our profit growth while taking advantage of new opportunities as the media ecosystem evolves. As a company, we have for several years now taken a very hard look at our cost structures and continue to see and realize opportunities to become leaner while freeing up dollars to continue investing in new platforms like mobile and OTT. Spending on global content and IP will always be our priority. We're focused on managing down growth and all other cost areas to ensure that our constant currency revenues will grow faster than our constant currency costs. Our 2016 SG&A cost productivity has been much better than planned. You may have seen yesterday that we filed an 8-K, specifying additional personnel-related cost reduction initiatives that will yield cost benefits in the second half of 2016 as well as full year 2017. We remain highly focused on paring back cost growth in non-content expense areas and reallocating traditional linear business costs to new media platforms and content development around the globe, such as mobile, short-form video, sports, and direct-to-consumer initiatives. As a result of this commitment to margin expansion as well as our better-than-planned U.S. ad sales performance to-date, we are also raising our 2016 adjusted EPS and free cash flow guidance to being up at least high teens on a constant currency basis. With our first quarter constant currency margins up almost 100 basis points, adjusted OIBDA ex-FX up 7% and adjusted EPS ex-FX up 18%, we're off to a very strong start to the year. In addition, with the U.S. dollar softening year-to-date, currency headwinds have begun to subside and are meaningfully better for 2016 than we quantified on our year-end call. More on this later. Now let's talk about our first quarter results in more detail. Reported revenues and adjusted OIBDA were both up 2%. Excluding currency impacts, revenues were up 5% and adjusted OIBDA was up 7%. On an organic basis, so excluding the impact of foreign currency as well as prior-year contributions from SBS Radio, which we sold on June 30, 2015, total company revenues and adjusted OIBDA both grew 7%. Net income available to Discovery Communications of $263 million was up 5% from the first quarter a year ago, primarily driven by improved operating performance, a lower effective tax rate, and a gain from the SBS Radio sale, partially offset by higher stock-based compensation, and a decline in income from equity investees. We were able to lower our effective tax rate by another 400 basis points from the full year 2015 rate to 29% this quarter. Earnings per diluted share for the first quarter was $0.42, 14% above the first quarter a year ago. Adjusted earnings per diluted share, a more relevant metric from a comparability perspective as it excludes the impact from acquisition-related non-cash amortization of intangible assets, was $0.46, a 10% improvement versus 1Q 2015. Excluding currency impacts, adjusted EPS was up 18% for the quarter and was up 11% for the last 12-month period over the prior 12-month period. First quarter free cash flow increased 62% as improved operating performance and lower cash taxes were partially offset by higher content spend. First quarter free cash flow growth, excluding currency effects, was strong and increased 53% for the last 12-month period compared to the prior 12 months. Turning to the operating units. Our U.S. Networks had a spectacular quarter with total revenues up 8%, led by 8% distribution growth and 7% advertising growth, and adjusted OIBDA was up a very impressive 11%. Our 7% advertising growth, which accelerated from 5% in the prior quarter, was due to higher pricing and proactively managing and monetizing our inventory to take advantage of the strong demand in a scatter market, offsetting lower delivery. The ad market currently remains quite healthy; and looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect advertising revenues to have another strong quarter, with the second quarter's year-over-year growth similar to that of our first quarter. Our domestic distribution revenues were up 8% while total portfolio sub again declined by about 1% versus the first quarter of last year. We continue to benefit from the higher rates we garnered from our recent deals, including our most recent deal with Comcast, which went into effect on January 1. Turning to the cost side, operating expenses in the quarter were up 3%, cost of revenues were up 7% while SG&A declined 4% due primarily to lower personnel expenses. Our focus on controlling base costs led to impressive domestic adjusted OIBDA growth of 11% with margins expanding by almost 200 basis points to 59%. As we look ahead to the rest of the year, U.S. cost growth in the second quarter is expected to rise at a slightly faster rate than the first quarter as we increase marketing spend, partially due to an earlier Shark Week, which starts on June 26, and then expense growth will abate again in the second half of this year. Turning now to international operations. Excluding currency, revenues increased 3% and adjusted OIBDA decreased 2% as changes in currency mix reduced revenue growth by 6% and adjusted OIBDA growth by 12%. For comparability purposes, my following international comment will refer to our organic results only, so we'll exclude the impacts of foreign exchange and the previously mentioned SBS Radio sale. International organic revenues increased 7% and adjusted OIBDA declined 2% for the first quarter of 2016. The 7% first quarter revenue growth was comprised of 12% distribution growth and 4% advertising growth. Our 12% affiliate revenue growth was due to higher affiliate rates in Eastern and Northern Europe where we've been successful in leveraging our expanded content portfolio that now includes sports to drive higher contracted pricing increases, increased subscribers in Latin America, as well as contributions from Eurosport France, which was not consolidated until the second quarter of last year. Excluding Eurosport France, affiliate revenues were up high single-digits. Going forward, we still expect organic distribution growth to remain in the high single digit-range for the rest of 2016. Turning to our first quarter international advertising results. While we benefited from higher pricing and delivery in Southern Europe and higher volumes in Central Europe, growth in these markets was partially offset by declines in Northern Europe, our largest advertising region. Northern Europe was impacted by the February Telenor blackout in the Nordics that we highlighted on our year-end call, an overall softness in the UK and Nordic markets due to macro factors and lower ratings across the region, especially at our female skewing networks. While the Telenor blackout did have a negative impact beyond the 10 days we were dark as advertisers shifted their money elsewhere due to the uncertainty around our contract renewal, our standing up for the value of our content paid off as the long-term economic upside from the new deal is significantly greater than the temporary advertising losses incurred while going dark. Excluding the impact from the Telenor blackout, first quarter international advertising revenue increased 7%. We're delivering on our promise that the investments we're making in content and brands will drive sustained global affiliate growth and this very positive Telenor deal outcome supports this thesis. Another factor that impacted our first quarter ad results and will continue to affect results for the rest of the year is a shift in the Middle East where we are pivoting from a free-to-air model to a pay TV model. As part of our exclusive content deal with two key affiliate partners, we have locked in long-term affiliate fees, which enhance our OIBDA but shift ad revenue to affiliate revenue. Our international ad sales is currently trending at high single to low double-digits, but we do expect the ad growth to accelerate to low double-digits in the second half of the year. Second half growth will be led by increases in the UK as we expect pricing and ad market pressures to ease post the Euro championships and the June 23 Brexit vote as well as continued strong growth in Latin America, Eastern Europe, and Southern Europe. Turning to the cost side, operating expenses internationally grew 11% in the first quarter, primarily due to higher content amortization as well as costs associated with Eurosport France, and adjusted OIBDA declined 2%. Looking ahead, it is very important to note that cost growth and therefore adjusted OIBDA growth will be lumpy on a quarterly basis, mostly driven by the timing of sporting events. We currently expect second quarter organic expense growth to be similar to that of the first quarter. Cost growth will then significantly moderate in the back half of the year to being up mid single-digits as we're able to more fully leverage our preexisting sports rights and local market people and infrastructure. Lastly, regarding our financial expectations for the Olympics. As a result of the very positive and better than planned sublicensing deals that Dave highlighted in the UK, Netherlands and Finland, we now expect meaningfully positive cumulative Olympic-related cash flows through the 2024 games. We forecast that aggregate revenues from this deal will significantly exceed total costs. Now taking a look at our share repurchases. In the first quarter, we repurchased a total of $373 million in shares. We have now spent over $7 billion buying back shares since we began our buyback program at the end of 2010. And we've reduced our outstanding share count by 36% as we continue to find the return on repurchasing our own shares very attractive. Getting back to our full year guidance, as stated, we are raising our constant currency adjusted EPS and constant currency free cash flow growth to being up at least high teens. Our guidance includes potential upcoming personnel-related and other restructuring charges of approximately $40 million to $60 million as outlined in our 8-K and also assumes full year stock-based compensation of approximately $55 million and no further P&L impact from the Lionsgate investment we made last year. We also now expect our full year 2016 effective tax rate to now be approximately 29% versus our prior expectation of 30% as we continue to realize significant benefits from our multi-year global tax strategies. I also want to update the expected year-over-year foreign exchange impact on our full year reported results. As a result of the dollar weakening year-to-date versus most of the global currencies, the expected year-over-year FX impact has significantly improved since we last guided on February 18. Assuming current spot rates stay constant for the rest of the year, FX is now expected to reduce our constant currency revenue by $100 million to $110 million and adjusted OIBDA by $70 million to $80 million. We now also expect a positive FX impact to adjusted EPS of $0.01 to $0.05, due to the net effect of this year's adjusted OIBDA impact and last year's over $100 million of below the line FX impact. In closing, I'm extremely pleased with Discovery's start to 2016. We are fully committed to constant currency margin expansion and our higher full year 2016 guidance metrics. As I noted earlier, we will continue to assess operating trends and proactively manage Discovery's overall expense base to best position the company for growth as the media industry evolves. I remain very optimistic about our global portfolio as well as our overall financial and operating momentum. Thanks again for your time this morning. And now Dave and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: Your first question comes from Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just on the cost-cutting announcement that we saw last night, I guess, if you could elaborate I think why now is the right time to pursue this? Did something fundamentally change in the market where you thought you had to lower fixed costs? Just any more color on the timing of the announcement.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Alexia. We've really been focused little by little on this. If you've seen over last couple of years, we've been focused on it. But we really decided that it was time to kind of to really drive what we call the left side of the business. We broke the business in half. The right side is growth. And we've been investing significantly more in content each year, more money in creating – on the whole creative side of our business as well as our direct-to-consumer business and our TV Everywhere business. And as we look at the overall infrastructure, we just felt that there's lot of opportunity to attack all of our other costs. And the $40 million to $60 million is something that we think will make our company more efficient. We think there's probably more opportunity there as we're looking at additional technology opportunities. We have satellites all over the world, we have technology infrastructure all over the world, and a lot of that over the next year or two we think we could also get more efficient. So our overall strategy of continuing to invest in more content, build relationships with consumers on all platforms, just lightening up our existing infrastructure cost helps our margins, gives us more opportunity to invest in all those platforms and makes us stronger.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Yeah. Just to...
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And it sounds – go ahead.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Just to elaborate on that, Alexia. If you think about the thesis that we've laid down over a couple years, we said that we expect to have high single-digit growth in content and marketing and low single on all other costs. And so we've had traction on that for a while now. We've been very focused on what I call base cost productivity. And this is just another example of our driving that. As we think about productivity in some of our people areas, some of our support areas, some of what I call back office, we continue to see opportunities to do things better, quicker, faster.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just the technology of cloud computing itself, we have one of the largest media libraries in the world over the last 30 years that we've aggregated and digitized. We have all of that on the ground. And the ability to use cloud computing just gives us the chance over the next two years as we move more and more toward that technology to reap additional significant economic benefits. And we're looking to take advantage of every cost opportunity we have so we can spend more on telling better stories and engaging people on every platform.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: And there's one more important point to make. The $40 million to $60 million is the restructuring costs that we've outlined. The actual benefit – annualized benefit of that is significantly higher. Those restructuring costs, but then benefit annualized is going to be kind of 2x plus that. So the benefit we're going be seeing both on the cost, on the cash and the P&L is going to be meaningfully more significant.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And it sounds like that benefit is a little bit towards the tail end of this year but also maybe bulk of it in 2017; is that fair?
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: That's correct. Some of the benefit would certainly help this year. But all of it – all of that two times the $40 million to $60 million that I just spoke about will all be in 2017 and beyond.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Juenger from Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Oh, hi. Good morning. Thanks. A super quickie and then a little bit of longer one. The super quickie, just thanks for your insight into how Q2 domestic advertising is pacing. I just wanted to clarify when you said it would be similar to Q1, was that including the change in timing of Shark Week or that was sort of not including that change in timing? And then the longer question, I guess, there's been so much press this week with the New Fronts going on, with all of these new apparently over-the-top maybe skinnier type of bundles being contemplated. Right now, you guys I don't believe are on Sling in any way. I don't know if you've been talking – you're not part of the Hulu group. YouTube is out this morning. There's all these things going on. So just anything you can share on your conversations and just your attitude about being included in those groups, your willingness to put some of your networks versus all of your networks in those groups, what sort of terms on on-demand and sort of affiliate fee and rate increases you would need to see to be included? Thanks, guys.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Sure, Todd. To answer the first question, it does include Shark Week being earlier, but I'll say that it would be high single-digit, both with or without.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And Shark Week will be four days in the quarter. So the advertising market remains robust. We'll talk about it a little bit later. We don't have that much information on the upfront. But the pricing in scatter is very strong, and cancellations and options are down significantly from the last few years. So the environment feels quite good going into the upfront I think for us and the whole marketplace. On the point of over-the-top, I think one of the things that makes us very well-positioned is we have our 14 channels, which represents about 12% of viewership on cable. And even though we're looking at high single to double-digit affiliate growth domestically, we still only get about 5.5% of the economics. So 12% of viewership, 5.5% of the economics. And you have – ID is the number one or two channel for women, the most valued channel on cable in Discovery. Oprah, the number one channel for African-American women with OWN, and TLC, one of the top two or three networks in Middle America. And so we're very, very good value with our channels, including Animal Planet being one of the top three or four channels that people value in terms of brand, but also in terms of economics. If you took just our top six channels, that represents about 83% of our affiliate. If you only took four, it would be 70%. We are talking to everyone. And one of the things – I think there's kind of two baskets. If it's a non-sports package then I think we will be an extraordinarily powerful piece of that, as we bring so many demos and so much strength to a package like that. But for all packages, we're very economically attractive. And with Discovery, ID, Animal Planet and Oprah, it's very difficult I think to have a compelling package without us. So we're talking to everyone. The reason that we're not on Sling right now is that our deal – Charlie tends – those deals tend to get done on Sling as the deals come up and our deal with Charlie is not up. But we look at over-the-top as a real opportunity. And we could even see it in our TV Everywhere product how much our content is being consumed by consumers, which is quite attractive.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Very helpful. Thanks, Scott (35:03).
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Please proceed.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks. I have two for David. David, firstly, over the past few years, you've been very candid and also early about talking about U.S. cable advertising weakness. So I wonder what do you think is driving this market to these now strong levels? And how do you feel about sustainability of this market past 2Q? And then I have a follow-up.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the market is certainly robust and it's very hard to predict, so I'm not going predict where it's going to be in the quarters ahead. We thought in second and third quarter of last year that it was going to really be a challenge. Some of the things that are happening is: one, the measurability is getting better. A number of companies that moved more quickly to digital found that their market share – they had market share challenges. And so I think you have two baskets: how effective is television advertising? It's still probably the most effective of all advertising. And two, knowing that you're getting the actual value and it can be proven. And, in fact, when you get paid only on L3, for us, we leave about 14% of viewership on the table. And there're a lot of people in the industry that do more than that. So the fact that you're getting – that the advertiser is getting the full value and they only pay on what you watch the first three days, they've actually an over-delivery. So, at least for now, I think the view is that it's quite an effective way to reach a broad audience and to reach across demos. And you don't get embarrassed by finding out nine months later that there was an issue with it. And you don't have to worry that it's not going to deliver in terms of your – the ability to move product. It does feel good right now. The whole U.S. market feels good. I think this whole narrative of – toward the end of last year, this idea that universe numbers were declining precipitously as a result of distributors losing subscribers, that overall viewership on cable was declining, that advertising was going to decline at an accelerating rate, all of those have moved I think in our favor. So, at least for the near term, we see the U.S. now as a meaningful growth market. And for the near term, I mean for the next several years with having high single-digit affiliate growth locked in, with 80% of our deals done, even if the universe declines, which we don't – which it looks now like it's stabilized, and even if the advertising market declines, we'll still have a U.S. growth market. And if the advertising market stays like it is now, we'll have a very significant U.S. growth market. So it feels good for now and let's hope it continues.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. And let me just ask this. The past couple years, you've been – you've acquired, you consolidated SBS and Eurosport. What's your appetite to do more deals of that size at this point?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Michael, one more time. Sorry, I missed it here.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: I was going to say, over the past few years, you've done some very large international acquisitions. And I wonder at this point what's your appetite for doing more large deals abroad? Or are you happy with the footprint you've built now?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, we're the number one pay TV media company in the world. The good news for us is we did go on a – we've had a different strategy than most media companies. We have local infrastructure around the world. We're embedded with creative talent, commercial talent in serving 220 countries. And all the cost has been embedded. When we did do Eurosport and as we've tucked in channels, we've been able to get meaningful synergy because we have 10 to 12 channels in every country. We're always opportunistic, but I think we're very happy with our existing mix. The way we see it now is we have this great sports IP in Europe and Discovery is on brand and growing with real pull-through. And in our most recent deals, the negative is we've had to pull our signal three times. We did it with Telenor, the largest distributor in the Nordics. We did it with Telia in Sweden and we did it with Boxer in Sweden. And so we took near-term hits by doing that. But in all three cases, we were back up and we got very significant increases. And the deals are long term, which give us – which move us from the potential to go from mid single – we're now at high single – and we're looking to get to double-digit. And so we think we've improved our IP portfolio. The same is true for us in Latin America where kids has gotten a lot stronger and we have a number of female networks that are stronger. So I think we're in a very good position now. We've improved our IP. As our deals come up, I think you'll see our affiliate line growing internationally because our content has improved. We're taking some of that content direct to consumer and we're having some success. And so we would have to see something that would help us grow faster because we sort of took a step back with SBS and we took a step back with Eurosport. We've acquired the sports IP we think we need, and I think we're making the turn. We're very happy with the Olympics and margins should start to grow now on Eurosport. So I think we like the position we're in. We've worked hard over last three years to get in this position, to get all the infrastructure in place. And so we got the synergy if there's a good asset out there, but it's going to have to help us grow faster.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: And just to elaborate, Michael, on that. From a pure financial perspective, we've long said that the criteria that we use for any acquisition is A) it has to be free cash flow and EPS accretive day one; two, it has to have an un-levered IRR of at least low teens; and third, maybe most importantly, it has to have a better IRR than allocating capital buying our own stock. And so when you look at our free cash flow model and our IRR from a free cash flow perspective, it's such a strong mid-to-high IRR that it's an important threshold that we look at a lens through on all allocations of capital.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hey, thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. David, could you spend a little more time just revisiting one of the themes from last year's Investor Day on international distribution and sort of the state of TV Everywhere overseas versus the U.S.? We've seen Sky roll out a number of – I don't know if you want to call them OTT platforms or skinny bundles. The market over there, particularly in Europe, seems to be evolving quite rapidly. Just talk about how Discovery sees that landscape, how it fits in, and are there changes you're seeing going to help drive acceleration in the high single-digit growth you've been putting up internationally? Or how should we think about the financial (42:20)?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Ben. Look, I think the thing that's going to drive our distribution revenue the hardest is the fact that our share has been growing over the last several years. And as these deals come up, we have more share and we have – as well as sports rights or kids. And we've been standing up for our value in a way that we haven't in the past. And part of that has to do with – through this recession and challenge over the last eight years, most content players have reduced their content investment. So we go into these deals where we've increased our investment, we've increased our share, and we've been able to get more significant dollars. The second piece that is important is that there's been a change in the marketplace over the last year, and that's distributors are now looking to decommoditize their platforms. They don't want to just be pipes to the home or pipes to a device. So they're looking to get exclusive content. So what you saw us do in the Middle East where some of our advertising revenue went away, it's because we did exclusive deals with OSN with beIN for each – we did our regular package and then we gave each of them some exclusive content and we were able to get significant economics. In addition, we did a similar thing with Canal Plus and we're in a number of discussions with distributors. This is something that could – right now you see our affiliate line internationally growing. We want to push that to double-digit. If the opportunity for exclusive content continues, you're going to see that line begin to move up higher in a way that's a lot easier to be moving the advertising line. Our goal on advertising is to get it back up to double digit, which we think we can do. But the distribution line we're quite optimistic about. On TV Everywhere, the point that we made a couple of months ago is that TV Everywhere is just much more effective in Europe because TV Everywhere really means TV Everywhere. Everything is on the platform. It's helpful because I think it's an impediment to the SVOD platforms coming into those markets. So you have two things helping kind of a pushback on Netflix and some of the other SVOD platforms. One is that a number of us are going direct to consumer ourselves, like us, with Eurosport app or Dplay. Two is that players like Fox and Liberty Global are going direct to consumer with their TV Everywhere platforms. And they have everything. So unlike here in the U.S., which is finally getting it together and we're seeing the great benefit of that, and Brian is leading in that with X1, in Europe it really is TV Everywhere. And that is a big benefit to us and it'll help us on advertising. And Sky is having a real positive with Now TV. And you got to take your hat off to James and to Jeremy Darroch because they've really – they've invested and we're on Now TV. And so being part of a cable operator's platform for us is a much more favorable environment.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That makes sense. And just one follow-up maybe for Andy. Just on the domestic affiliate revenue, the nice number in Q1, Andy. Is that something that we should expect to continue through the year, even including any impact from Charter-TWC? Or should we be thinking about some moderation at all one-time?
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Well, look, Ben. It is strong. It does reflect the continued – every deal we've done has accreted greater pricing and has continued to increase that line. We do expect that pricing benefit to continue as new deals come in. Look, one of the variables is obviously what happens with the sub universe, but our pricing growth and the inclusion of Comcast continues to be a benefit as we roll in all these new deals.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, both.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from UBS. Please proceed.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much. One for David and one for Andy. David, when we're thinking about the upfront, one, I'd love it if you were willing to offer what your scatter pricing is versus the upfront these days. How should we think about your positioning going to the upfront versus broadcast pricing? I'm sure you heard Les say the other day he's expecting double-digit pricing for CBS in the upfront. How should we think of Discovery relative to broadcast pricing? And for Andy, looking at your balance sheet, it seems that access to that capital might not change that meaningfully even if you decided to go down a notch. And I'm just curious if you've thought about whether it's worth getting more aggressive with the balance sheet relative to any impact on debt market access? Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks. So, as I mentioned, scatter is up high teens or in the 20s%, and volume is up. So that all bodes well. I love the fact that Les is talking about being double-digit. On a practical level across all of our domestic portfolio, we tend to be maybe one point behind. So if broadcast gets nine, maybe we get eight. If broadcast gets 11, maybe we get 10. If they get six, we get five. That's the way it's been historically. Having said that, our channels are very firmly on brand. And we've been able to get some significant benefit. So some of our channels like ID and Velocity have been up 50% or 60% higher in CPM over the last year. Discovery CPM is up higher. So I think there's a real benefit as you look at OWN, ID, Discovery, Velocity, even Science. So we've worked hard to get back to brand and to really be nourishing a very specific demographic audience. So we've been rewarded on those channels I think a little bit more. ID still has a lot of headroom for us. Its length of view is the highest of any channel on cable, and we have an ability to reach women all day where we're number one on cable. Late night, we're number one and so we think there's still some significant upside on that. But when you average all of our channels together, we'll tend to do about – a little bit – probably a little bit behind what some of the – maybe the best broadcast network does. And if we can get a little bit lucky with ID and pushing it, maybe we can – even though we don't have the same amount of reach in terms of being able to roll out a product, we could maybe reach it. But we'll do well I think.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thank you, David. That's helpful.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Yeah. And then, Doug, just to go through your capital question. Look, there's a couple of important points here. One, we are extremely committed to investment grade. It gives us access to launch from capital, gives us access to multi-currency commercial paper. So it absolutely is the right kind of capital assessment for us in investment grade. Also, if you look at our access to capital today, we issued a long-term bond earlier in the year, many times oversubscribed, rates that were actually more in the BBB rating. So even though we intentionally took our rating down to BBB minus, the markets still view us as being more BBB, especially with our mid-teen free cash flow to debt yield. And look, the other point I'd make, Doug, which I think is so important. When you think about our capital expansion, given our high single OIBDA growth and given what is an improving currency environment, we're seeing a lot of available capital based on just our profit growth and our ability to leverage that profit growth. So there's no shortage of capital that we have to be proactive and to play offense with either buying stock or allocating capital towards acquisitions.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Well, that makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Janedis from Jefferies. Please proceed.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. David, maybe going back to the sports theme, there seems to be a little less demand for smaller sports properties in the U.S. and rights fees have moderated with less competitive bidding. So I'm wondering if there's any early sign or potential for that in Europe, and to what extent that could accelerate the margin opportunity outlook for Eurosport? And then maybe along those lines in terms of non-U.S., can you give us a little more color on international ad trends? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. The U.S. market is really quite different from the international market because the U.S. is really just one culture and it's one satellite. And so it's football, baseball, basketball, hockey. And because there's a very competitive environment by some of the biggest media companies to get into that space, because that's where most of the affiliate revenue has gone over the years to those that have those sports rights. Those rights have accelerated, as you've seen. And the fight for those four sports more and more has generated huge increases. In Europe, you see that for soccer in market. So you've seen that kind of huge increases on renewals. What we've been able to do with Eurosport is we've done over 70 deals on Eurosport, and all of our deals are in the low single to mid single-digit increase. Even on the Olympics itself, we were able to get the Olympics for mid single-digit increase on what it had gone for four years earlier. And so we've been quite disciplined about getting our sports rights. And Eurosport now remains profitable. We've made the turn. We don't think we need to own a lot more IP. We'll do it opportunistically. And again, when we pick up speed skating, we're picking up a sport that might be the number one sport in four markets, all across Northern Europe. When we pick up handball, we're picking up a sport that's the number one sport in Poland. So a lot of the – picking up tennis and cycling. So, for us, we're sort of the home for everything but soccer. And we've also picked up a lot of IP for very little. And remember, there is no bidder for sports in Europe that can provide the platform that we provide. Eurosport has three channels in every market, but we have 150 million homes on just one of our channels. So ESPN is a little less than 100 million and we have 150 million. So when a federation wants to sell a sport, soccer is sold locally, but most other sports are sold either across Europe or you have to do 55 deals. And so I think that's the unique advantage that we have is a very complex market both in terms of taste, culture and language that we're set up to deal with. And the fact that we have the only Pan-European sports channels gives us a unique advantage. And I think over time, our ability to continue to get these rights should be pretty stable. There's not a lot of people that are bidding for the kind of sports that we're building our business on. Finally, on the international advertising, Telenor hurt us this quarter. It hurt us significantly. It is the biggest distributor in the Nordics, which is one of our biggest markets. We were off for 11 days. And so not only did we lose on those 11 days, but some money moved. It's all back now, but it had an impact. But it really resonated in the market. We were able to get very significant economics, and driving that long-cycle top line for us is critical. If you put Telenor back into our economics, we would've been – our international business would've been positive in the mid single-digits versus negative. But we're fighting for the long term. So this quarter, we expect – the first two quarters, we expect to see in the high single range. And in the second half of the year, we expect acceleration into the double-digit range. And whether on average that ends up being high single or low double, we'll have to see.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: And John, just to add to that. We have to look at the regional components of this. We're still seeing very strong double-digit growth in Latin America, Southern Europe and Eastern Europe with Eurosport. So yes, there is some nuances. Telenor, the Brexit exit discussions that we laid out that's coming up. But no question, strong double-digit growth in the second half ad sales and the majority of our regions are seeing strong double-digit growth still as we've seen the last several quarters.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Last question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Nomura. Please proceed.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. I totally understand that the cost-savings initiative here is aimed at non-content-related costs. Andy, you were clear about that in your remarks. But I wonder, will there be any realignment in terms of the networks, the infrastructure costs against your networks? I just wonder, just given the underperformance in terms of ratings at some your networks if, as part of this initiative, you would consider rationalizing any of the underperforming smaller cable net? And then secondly for David, just going back to the theme and the subject of new over-the-top platforms in distribution, I feel like we all went through this period of hand-wringing last year about whether Apple was going to launch something like this. And I think you and I spoke about it. My thought was that profitability was the real reason that Eddy Cue and Apple decided not to move forward, the fact that the RSNs were just going to be too costly as part of this sort of virtual MVPD bundle and so forth. What do you think about the fact that the new Hulu venture is likely to be unprofitable out of the gate? Does it surprise you that others are deciding to move forward with a business like that, even if it's operating at a loss or as a loss leader? Thanks a lot.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, Hulu's a great product. So I don't want to speak specifically to Hulu. But in general, we as an industry have to make some compromises. And if we do, I think we'll be healthier. So, if in the end we're going to do an over-the-top bundle that's 30 channels for $30 then each of the media companies can't have every one of their channels, every one of their sports channels, every one of their regional sports channels carried. For those that have the leverage to include all of them, then it's not going to be the best of what we have to offer. And so, for instance, we have 14 channels. Having six or eight of our channels carried in a package to me seems quite effective. We would get 85%, 86%. If it's only six, we'd get 83% of our dollars. We've done this in a lot of markets where – a lot of it happens in Brazil. The major programmers all decided, look, we'll get a little bit less money, but we'll be on this beginning tier. It will serve a different audience. In the case of Brazil, it was the C class. In the case of the U.S., it would be more of a millennial audience. And so if we all came together, and if you saw it's kind of the best of cable, where we would have six of those slots, then I think it can be quite attractive. But if we each try and put all of our kids in there, which is how we are used to doing business, I think it's going be overly bloated. There's going to be a lot of channels that aren't that strong. It's going to be quite expensive, and it's not going to be that attractive. But the marketplace is quite rational. So it will – I think in the end, the smaller bundles that are working around the world are those that have 20 or 30 channels and those are kind of a best-of-bouquet, and that's probably where it will end up in the U.S. As I've said, with all the talk about this, the only place that the skinny bundle is going to present is over-the-top. Because in the next three to four years, almost every programmer is contractually committed to have all their channels carried. And so with the exception of maybe being able to go down from, lose 5% of your distribution or 10% of your distribution, most deals provide that you need to have all your channels carried to at least 90% or 95% of the package. And so having said that, I like the skinny bundle. I was very interested in what Apple was doing. And I think, again, the fact that we have the number one channel on cable, the number one channel for women, the number one channel for African Americans, and our channels are reasonable with high quality content, puts us in a position to be part of those bundles and we'll have those discussions, and over time, I'm confident that we will. In terms of rationalizing costs for smaller networks, two things. We had quite a good quarter. But we also – our content channels were hurt I think a little bit more than some others by the news networks. The news networks were up 38%. But every night whether it was a Republican or a Democratic debate, a lot of that energy came out of some of our nonfiction channels. We feel pretty good about how we're going to do this quarter. There's some of our channels we need to improve. One of those is Animal Planet, we just brought in a new GM. We're working hard on turning TLC. But Discovery, Science, ID, Velocity, OWN are all running very strong. And so we're looking at everything. But in the end, this cost cutting that we're doing right now isn't related to the channels. The channels are a journey to find – to make sure our brands are right and we're reaching an audience. The cost cutting is really the other side of the house where we're having some effective efficiency.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: And part of that, Anthony, is a few important cost points. Look, as we've highlighted, we are ruthlessly driving down non-content costs. Look, Dave and I also look at content spend and any spend as being an investment. And we need to get the best return and the best growth for that cost investment. So that's certainly part of our rationalization and reallocation, which is why look, an important thing that we said today in this call is that we're committing to margin growth. You saw it in the first quarter, up 70 basis points, and we are committing to revenues growing faster than costs. And so those are two critical elements of our strategic financial plan, and a big piece of that is not only accelerating top line but managing cost so that it grows slower than revenue.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jackie Burka - Vice President-Investor Relations David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Analyst, Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Analysts: Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vasily Karasyov - CLSA Americas LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2015 Discovery Communications, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Latoya and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jackie Burka, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jackie Burka - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications 2015 fourth quarter and year-end earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy, and then we will open up the call up for your questions. Please keep to one question so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2015 was a year of solid growth for Discovery Communications. While it was a year that saw secular and economic challenges around the world, including strong currency headwinds, Discovery continued to benefit from our investments in content, brands and IP and our ability to execute in all types of macroeconomic environments. We experienced strong growth last year as we continued to execute on our key strategic objectives of growing global market share, launching new products and platforms and investing in more high-quality content and brand with universal appeal across our worldwide platform, including over the past couple of years, expanding and strengthening our content mix to focus in more on must-have categories that are more appealing to consumers, such as sports in Europe and kids in Latin America. In terms of audience share, our U.S. network delivery again outperformed the marketplace, led by Discovery Channel, Investigation Discovery, Science, Velocity and OWN. We continued to capture more viewers with our 11% portfolio share across cable. Most notably, Discovery Channel was the number one non-sports cable network for men for the year, had its most watched year ever across all demos and grew total audience in the U.S. by 12% with women up high-single digits year-over-year. Investigation Discovery continues to grow and prosper in ways the marketplace still hasn't given full value. ID was the number one network for women in total day in the full fourth quarter and number three for the full year in the United States. For four years, 16 consecutive quarters in a row, ID has been the number one network for length of tune in all of television in total day delivery. Just an incredible performance. This performance also means that ID has significant opportunity to grow CPMs in recognition of this delivery strength. Last year, ID improved pricing, increased revenue and drew many new advertisers. The mystery and crime genre continues to pay and play remarkably well around the world, and ID had its largest international audience ever in 2015, growing 20%. Going forward, we will continue to roll out ID to additional new markets and we're just getting started. Our success was not limited to Discovery Channel and ID. OWN had its most watched year in network history, achieving its fourth consecutive year of double-digit prime growth in total viewers. Oprah is fully engaged and the channel, together with a lot of original content in Tyler Perry and Oprah's magic, continues to grow in a meaningful way. And Velocity added nearly five million subscribers in the US and had prime viewership among men, up 24%. It is totally dominating the popular auto category, where nearly 30% of the advertisers on Velocity are endemic and exclusive to this channel. Across Discovery's international portfolio, overall viewership was up more than 10% in 2015, driven most notably by the appeal of our female lifestyle brands such as TLC, and Home & Health, and increasingly, our new Eurosport platform, which is growing aggressively. We also expanded the reach with several new channel launches, including multiple localized versions of Eurosport and new free-to-air channels in Italy, Turkey, Finland and the Middle East. And recently, we launched Turbo Velocity in New Zealand and increased distribution of Turbo Velocity 30% across Latin America in 2015. Our success across the diverse set of markets illustrates our ability to grow in both emerging and established economies. Our increases in network delivery in the U.S. and abroad yielded strong ad sale results. In the U.S., our sales team drove ad revenues up an impressive 5% in the fourth quarter and 3% for the full year. Internationally, organic sales were up 12% for the fourth quarter and 11% for the year, driven by strength in Latin America and southern Europe. This strength was due to our continued investment in diversifying our portfolio of brands and must-have content. Perhaps the best indicator of this was our groundbreaking agreement for the Olympic Games across Europe for the next decade. We have already started to monetize our Olympics investment with our first sublicensing deal with the BBC announced earlier this month. The value of this deal meaningfully exceeded our business plan and ensures that in the U.K., Eurosport will be the only place where people will have access to all of the Olympic events for the next decade. During the year, Eurosport expanded its reach to now more than 150 million homes, up double-digits since we took control and added more than 100 long-term sports rights deals, including key renewals like the Australian Open and the U.S. Open. Many of our rights are exclusive and include reasonable and monetizable price increases, which ensures that Eurosport will be profitable and will remain profitable. These steps help drive double-digit increases in viewership on Eurosport across all of Europe. Discovery's portfolio of brands continues to also drive strong affiliate growth. Internationally, we redefined the value of our networks with strong affiliate renewals with carriers in markets including Sweden, Singapore, France and Poland, driven by our growing audience share, investment in local sports rights and the Olympics. The strength of our portfolio was particularly evident in two recent negotiations, with Telia in Sweden and with Telenor in the Nordics, where we ended up pulling our signal and our drive to obtain strong sub-fee increases. We are taking a much more aggressive stand to fight for the value of our content and to drive meaningfully higher sub-fees. In both instances, after we went dark, we ended up with strong renewals and a very favorable economic result. While being dark on Telenor for 11 days this month means we will yield a small negative impact on our first quarter results from the loss of advertising revenues for those 11 days, our medium and long-term results will be much, much better and we will recognize significantly more value across our portfolio in that northern European region. We are also starting to see additional financial upside as international distributors are increasingly looking for ways to differentiate their offerings to consumers with exclusive content and IT. This dynamic is a change in the marketplace and creates a significant opportunity for us. It really is all incremental growth since we own all of our own content. The diversity of our content portfolio enables us to be best positioned to create exclusive content and exclusive channel packages for many current and new distribution partners. And we are in conversations with many distributors about this around the world. Some examples of providing our partners with exclusive content are; a terrific deal we did with NC+ in Poland, which is part of the Canal+ group, and two deals we did in the Middle East, one with OSN and another with beIN, where we were able to give each distributor exclusive access to different packages of Discovery Networks. And in all three cases, we were able to yield significant incremental revenue. In 2015, Discovery made several senior A+ hires to focus on growing our revenues across all platforms. We hired a new Chief Commercial Officer, Paul Gallardo, and his team is focused on a three-prong multiplatform strategy to reach viewers across any and all devices and monetize this additional viewing. First, in the U.S., we are focused on reaching new viewers and strengthening the offerings of the NPBD ecosystem through T.V. Everywhere. In December, we launched Discovery Go, an authenticated T.V. Everywhere product in partnership with several U.S. distributors. While it is very early days, initial results are extremely encouraging as the number of users, ad streams and ad dollars are all ahead of plan. Discovery Go also is helping us reach the younger audiences, with almost half of its users in the 18 to 34 demo. Internationally, we are rolling out a kids T.V. Everywhere product called Discovery Kids Play in Latin America, which launched with Sky in Brazil in December and last week with Dish in Mexico. Second, as we look to reach millennial audiences by bringing our linear brands to new platforms, we're also creating exciting new content for digital natives, including Daily News in short-form docks, audiences and advertisers are engaged in what Discovery Digital Networks are doing, and we see it because we have 350 million streams a month. Finally, we will continue to develop our direct-to-consumer products to complement our linear content and fuel the passion of our super fans. In Europe, we have been aggressively expanding our Dplay and Eurosport player products, which both recorded double-digit subscriber growth in 2015. I am proud of all that Discovery achieved in 2015. While the world is changing, we are changing with it. And we enter 2016 with strong long-term deals locked in, our content compelling, our brands never stronger, all yielding real business momentum. Near term, ad trends are very healthy domestically. And we expect double-digit growth internationally and our global affiliate growth is locked in over the next several years due to contracted price escalators. Our ownership of world-class content and IP at a lower cost per hour and in popular genres that play well all over the world, gives us valuable optionality to monetize our content as media consumption continues to grow across all screens. This is what sets Discovery apart and we see more growth in the years to come. I will now turn the call over to Andy for details on our financial results.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Thanks, David. And thank you everyone for joining us today. Despite continued secular challenges in the U.S., and currency headwinds internationally, we are pleased with our 2015 performance and optimistic about our continued ability to execute on our strategic and financial objectives and three-year Investor Day guidance metrics going forward. For full-year 2015, all of our income statement metrics were in line with or exceeded our original guidance metrics. Excluding FX, Discovery's revenues increased 10%, adjusted OIBDA increased 4% and adjusted EPS was up 13%. On a reported basis, Discovery's total company revenues for the year increased 2%, adjusted OIBDA decreased 4% and adjusted EPS also decreased 4%. As expected, given that approximately half of our revenues are now outside the U.S., the strengthening dollar was again a major headwind in 2015, as changes in currency rates, especially the Latin-American currencies and the euro, had a year-over-year negative impact of over $460 million or 8% on revenues and over $185 million or 8% negative impact on adjusted OIBDA and a $0.30 or 17% negative above and below the line impact on adjusted EPS. On an organic basis, or excluding the impact of foreign currency, Eurosport, the SBS Radio sale and the consolidation of Discovery Family, full year total company revenues grew 6% and adjusted OIBDA grew 3%, as we again demonstrated our ability to deliver consistently strong financial results even as we continue to invest in strengthening our global IP, platforms and brands. Full year net income available to Discovery Communications of $1 billion was down versus last year, driven by the negative currency impacts on our above and below the line results, partially offset by the benefit of our lower effective tax rate. Our full year effective tax rate came down another 200 basis points to 33%, as we remain laser focused on lowering both our effective and cash tax rates by fully utilizing the increasingly international mix of our business. For the full year, free cash flow decreased 2% to $1.17 billion, primarily driven by timing of working capital, higher content spend and the negative impact from currency, partially offset by lower cash taxes, long-term incentive payments and capital expenditures. Free cash flow came in just below our guidance of up low-single digit due to foreign exchange, as the ultimate year-over-year FX impact on adjusted OIBDA was higher than anticipated and there were additional negative currency impacts on working capital, especially in the last quarter of the year. Excluding the impact of currency, full year free cash flow was up approximately 8% versus 2014. Focusing now on our fourth quarter results only. Reported total company revenues were down 2%, and reported adjusted OIBDA was down 10%. Organic revenues, however, were up 8% and organic adjusted OIBDA was up 1%, as expenses in the quarter grew faster than revenue primarily due to higher content and marketing costs. Net income available to Discovery Communications decreased to $219 million primarily due to foreign exchange and losses associated with the sale of businesses in 2015, partially offset by a decrease in restructuring costs and higher equity earnings. Fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $0.38 compared to $0.43 a year ago, while fourth quarter currency-constant adjusted EPS was actually up 12%. Free cash flow increased an impressive 53% in the quarter to $598 million primarily due to lower cash taxes and timing of working capital, partially offset by negative impact of foreign exchange. Moving now to the individual operating units. Despite continued concerns about domestic secular trends, our U.S. Networks' fourth quarter revenues grew a solid 6%, driven by 7% distribution and 5% advertising growth. U.S. distribution revenues were up 7%, consistent with 2015's previously reported organic quarterly growth rates. While total portfolio subs did decline by just over 1% year-over-year, we again benefited from the higher rates we garnered from our deals with FCTC, (19:36) Cablevision, Sony and others at the end of 2014 and early 2015, as well as some contributions from our Hulu deal. On the advertising side, we are extremely pleased to report another quarter of mid-single digit growth with ad sales up 5%. As David mentioned, our ratings again outperformed the industry and this outperformance allowed us to benefit from robust scatter pricing and volume as well as stronger overall market demand. Looking ahead to 2016. Given the current ad market trends of stronger scatter pricing and our improving total impressions, we expect U.S. year-over-year ad sales growth in the first quarter to again be up mid-single digits. While we continue to see strong ad demand in pricing, we're still taking a more conservative view on our full year ad sales and expect growth trends to moderate in the future quarters, largely driven by the impact of the Olympics in the third quarter. Fourth quarter domestic adjusted OIBDA was up 1%. As the operating expenses were up 11%, cost of revenues were up 12% due to writing off certain Discovery and Animal Planet programming as our new creative management team focused on pivoting the networks towards more on-brand content. And SG&A was up 8% due to increased marketing spend. For the full year 2015, total U.S. revenues and adjusted OIBDA were both up 6%. Excluding the impact of consolidating Discovery Family, full year U.S. revenues were up 4% with advertising up 2% and distribution revenues up 7%, while total costs were up 4%, leading to adjusted OIBDA growing 3%. Turning to the international segment. Our international networks delivered another quarter of strong organic ad and distribution growth, as we executed very well on our stated objectives of high-single digit organic affiliate growth and low-double digit organic advertising growth for the fourth quarter and full year. As already mentioned, the flip side of having a large growing international business is that currency remained a major headwind on reported results versus 2014. Foreign exchange reduced fourth quarter international revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth rates by 13% and 17%, respectively; and reduced full year revenue and adjusted OIBDA by14% and 16%, respectively. Reported results also include Eurosport and the recently divested SBS Radio business. For comparability purposes, the following international commentary will refer to our organic results only. They exclude the impacts of Eurosport, SBS Radio and foreign exchange. Fourth quarter international revenues were up 11%, led by 12% advertising growth and 8% distribution growth. Advertising again grew double-digits in the fourth quarter, primarily due to higher pricing and ratings in southern Europe, higher pricing and volume in Latin America as well as higher pricing and volume in Asia. Affiliate revenues had another robust quarter of solid growth, increasing 8%. For the full year, organic advertising revenues were up 11%, and organic distribution revenues were up 7%. Despite the ad sales ban and rules change in Russia, we were able to deliver very impressive growth rates that reflect the vitality of our international brands and business. Looking ahead, at our Investor Day, we stated that international advertising and affiliate revenues, excluding currency, would each grow in the high-single digit range over the next three years. Given the current advertising strength in many of our markets, especially in Latin America and southern Europe, we were still benefiting from share gains as well as pricing increases. We expect 2016 organic advertising, excluding the impact of SBS Radio as well as foreign exchange, to continue to grow low-double digits. Clearly, our international revenue momentum remains strong and intact. Turning to the cost side. Organic operating costs internationally were up 18% in the fourth quarter, driven by increased content and marketing expenses as well as higher personnel costs. Content expenses were higher primarily due to writing off certain programming with changes in creative and regional leadership in the Nordics. Full year organic costs were up 11%. Adjusted OIBDA grew 1% in the fourth quarter and 5% for the full year. Eurosport stand-alone margins for the full year came in as expected at 7%, as we invested in linear and digital sports rights to drive sustained, long-term value. As previously stated, we will no longer break out the results of Eurosport going forward, as it will not significantly impact the comparability of (24:55) results in future periods. Now moving on to our Education and Other segment. As expected, this division reported zero adjusted OIBDA in the fourth quarter and a small operating loss for the year. Given our continuing strategic focus on producing and utilizing more content from our in-house OWN production studios, which has no margin associated with it, and our continued investment in education digital textbooks to drive the long-term value of this industry-disrupting business, this segment will continue to operate around breakeven even though it's expected to grow revenues in 2016. Now, taking a look at our overall company financial position. In the fourth quarter, we resumed our share buyback program and repurchased $375 million worth of common stock. During 2015, we bought back a total of $950 million worth of common and preferred shares. And since the inception of our buyback program in 2010, we have now repurchased over $6.6 billion of our stock, reducing our outstanding share count by over 33%. As we look ahead to 2016, our capital allocation priorities remain the same as we best position ourselves for the future. First, to invest in driving organic growth; second, to invest in strategic M&A, platforms and IP that have a strong return on investment; and, third, to repurchase our stock. As we've stated on previous calls, we are firmly committed to remaining an investment-grade rated company and are comfortable with our gross leverage ratio being in the 3.25 to 3.4 leverage range. And we will, therefore, likely raise additional debt in 2016. We still intend to be a very active buyer of our stock in 2016, as the IRR on repurchasing our stock remains very compelling, given our long-range plan free cash flow per share growth expectation. Given this, we expect to continue to allocate a substantial and growing amount of our available capital to share repurchases in 2016 and future years. Now, let's focus on our financial expectations going forward. As we first announced in our September Investor Day, we still expect our constant currency adjusted EPS CAGR for 2015 through 2018 to grow at least in the low-double digit range. I also want to clarify that our expected free cash flow CAGR over the same three-year period will be on a constant currency basis as we are firmly committing to real operating execution and performance versus uncontrollable foreign exchange movements, which could ultimately have a positive or a negative impact on our cash flow results. We still expect this constant currency free cash flow CAGR to also, at least, be in the low-double digit range. Looking specifically at 2016. Constant currency adjusted EPS and constant currency free cash flow are both expected to grow robustly in the low-double digit to low teens range. We also expect our full year effective tax rate to come down another 300 basis points to approximately 30%, one year ahead of our previous 30% effective tax rate commitment by 2017. Finally, we're again quantifying the expected foreign exchange impact on our 2016 results. At current spot rates, FX is expected to negatively impact revenues by approximately $185 million to $195 million and adjusted OIBDA by approximately $115 million to $125 million versus our 2015 reported results. While the strong dollar will likely continue to negatively impact our reported results in the near term, currency rates obviously fluctuate up and down. So when FX rates do reverse direction, as they always over time revert back to the mean, this will have a very positive impact on our reported results. And in closing, I want to emphasize that while we are cognizant of the current challenges in the media space, given our continued global audience share growth, global ad sales momentum, strong base-cost productivity, declining effective tax rate and accelerating share repurchase expectations, I'm even more confident today than I was back at our Investor Day that we will certainly achieve or over-deliver on our three-year financial growth commitments. As an example, at our Investor Day, we forecasted that U.S. ad sales would be down low-single digits from 2015 through 2018; yet our current ad sales trend is up mid-single digits. Several other important trends, including U.S. ratings, U.S. sub universe declines and our effective tax rate, are also better today than we forecasted back in September. I really do feel great about our portfolio and financial momentum going into 2016. Thanks again for your time this morning. And now, Dave and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: Your first question comes from Doug Mitchelson with UBS. Please proceed.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Oh, sorry. One for Dave and one for Andy. Good morning. So, David, I was just hoping you could give us some more details on the company's digital efforts. And I guess where I'm going is, how are you balancing investing in these digital efforts versus delivering the bottom line results you guided to, and what should investors expect in 2016? Are there any milestones we should be looking for to consider whether or not the digital efforts continue to be successful? And for Andy, you talked about global affiliates growth locked in over the next several years due to contracts. Certainly there's increased investor concerns in media in the U.S. around core cutting and skinny bundle impacts and distributor consolidation. I'm just hoping for clarification on the one comment you just made around the sub trends are better than you thought they would be when you gave guidance back in October. Is that an improvement in the marketplace or just you were conservative in your guidance and the trends are unchanged? And just any reaffirmation that distributor consolidation, particularly the AT&T deal, won't have any impact on trends as you look over that guidance period. Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, great. Thank you, Doug. Okay. First we're off to a very good start where we're attacking digital in, I think, a very sensible way. We've hired a new team which is headed up by Paul Gallardo, and we have an attack team going hard at TV Everywhere and we're starting to reap some real results. We're working very closely with Neil Smith and X1, which is a great platform, and we're finding our viewership there is increasing. And it's really paying off for us and we've always said TV Everywhere is a great platform where we can monetize and we are. I think we are the only company in the U.S. that has created our own aggregated app with D-go, which has all of our channels on it, and we've now been authenticated with commercials through a number of distributors. It's early days. Time Warner is just launching it as well. But the results early have been quite good. The demo is very young. The engagement is substantial. And we have a team that's really working on that and people are getting closer to our brands, and we're talking to our customers. So I think a really very positive turn in terms of TV Everywhere and our own authenticated app. Outside of the U.S., it's really two things. Our Eurosport app is growing quite effectively. We won't reach a million subs in 2016, but we do have a march to a million and we're hoping to reach a million by 2017. And a million at $8 a month would be an incremental $100 million. We have a lot more IP for Eurosport that we've been able to aggregate at very reasonable price increases. Eurosport will stay profitable and this could be meaningfully incremental. When you think about Europe being 700 million people, the ability to drive a direct-to-consumer business here could be quite substantial. And if we can get to a million, I think culturally, it could be a tipping point for us. If we can get to a million, why can't we get to three? And we have the IP. And finally, there's DPlay, which we have in northern Europe and we're rolling out throughout Europe. And we've been doing that on our own and we've been doing quite well, but we're learning more and more and it is my own belief that there will be some more consolidation in a positive way, that there's nothing stopping major distributors in northern Europe where we have 30% or 45% of market share to work with other major programmers. I think that will probably happen around the world over the next four or five years, rather than having a number of individual apps to come together, and we're having some of those discussions and I think to the extent that we do come together with others, that we'll even be more powerful. But when you look at the full portfolio of what we're doing direct-to-consumer and TV everywhere, I think we're doing more and we're doing it at lower cost than anyone because we own all of our content. And finally, we're not leaving the youngest demo out with our streaming business. We're not making money on that business today, but we're not losing money. But we have 350 million streams. And so, when you think about that 350 million streams and you think about Vice and you think about BuzzFeed, that 350 a month is growing. It's a millennial audience. They are spending time with us. And candidly, we haven't done a great job monetizing those streams, and the CPMs on them are quite good and now we have a whole team that is attacking the ability to engage with millennials and make money on those streams. So I think we're in a very good spot, and over 2016 and 2017 I think you'll see some meaningful results. And we'll keep you posted.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: And, Doug, to get back to your question on U.S. affiliate. Back on Investor Day for the three-year period, we kind of assumed that conservatively, that the sub decline would be about 2.5% a year. And if you look at in 2015, we were down 1% the overall portfolio to look at what the affiliates have reported. In the last reports clearly the trends are better. So, look, I think we were arguably conservative back in September and the recent trends are better than that. And regarding your question on consolidation, as far as the deals with Charter and Time Warner and Cablevision, the impacts there should be de minimis, given rate structures. And regarding DirecTV and AT&T, they are both paying at their rates that they always have in the past. And when that deal comes up, we'll have a sense of kind of how that will play out. But right now, the rate structure seems to be very much in line with what we've had in the past.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Nomura. Please proceed.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks very much for taking my questions and good morning. First for David. David, as you kind of settle into 2016 here and look back on last year a little bit, with Apple, we saw this issue of when Eddie Q and Apple sit down with the content providers and your peers and they all, the programmers are dead set on keeping all of the networks in the bundle, whether it be a streaming bundle the likes of which people thought Apple might launch, those networks would include sport, and it just got to the point where the cost to the consumer would have been too high for kind of expanded online streaming offering. Where do you think we are in that conversation? And from here, is there anything that could change? What kind of has to happen for the industry to get closer to seeing more over-the-top services with fewer core networks included in those services such that they are actually appealing to the customer? And then, Andy, I just wondered if you look at your deals with Go90, Hulu and Sony, can you quantify how much those are adding on a quarterly basis? How much do they contribute to affiliate feed growth in the fourth quarter? And then in your 2016 guidance, maybe you can help us with – I think you said high-single digit for overall U.S. affiliate fees, that's your long term and then it sounds like that's intact for 2016. And then just clarify what's included in that for those three deals. That would be really helpful. Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Anthony. Look, I think in 2015 there was all this noise around skinny bundles, and I've said before that the majority of programmers have contracts at least for the next several years that maybe there could be a little bit of that, but that the ability to really start changing the way you offer services, it's going to be another cycle which will be several years. Having said that, we're very well positioned for that skinny bundle in two ways. One, we have 14 channels that represent 11% or 12% of the viewership, but we are only reaping about 6% of the cost. So we are relatively inexpensive. So when Eddie was looking for channels, and we have the number one channel for men with Discovery and the number one channel for women with ID, and we have all of these Affinity networks, top network with TLC and Science and you could pick up 14 channels for less than the cost of one regional sports network. So, one, it's a very efficient piece. Two is, if we needed to go to our top eight, we make 86% of our revenue and more than 90% of our EBITDA from our top eight networks. And so if it ever did happen here in the U.S., we would be well positioned. I don't believe it's going to, and sitting down with the distributors themselves, with all the talk of the skinny bundle and as appealing as it seems, most consumers seem to want the big bundle. And I think probably the most encouraging thing is that cable seems to be – their numbers have really turned around. As Andy said, we haven't really – we've seen it but we haven't seen the full effect of it because there's a few month gap between when they announce and when we actually get paid, but it's very encouraging that there seems to be a change in the universe dynamics. It's also, as you look at the U.S., I think our U.S. business now looks like a meaningful growth business. We have advertising market much stronger than we expected. Our viewership is growing and the universe decline and the skinny bundle noise seems to have dissipated to kind of a reality, which is not too much on skinny bundle and universe may be turning around. So, I think quite encouraging for the next couple of years. I'd like over the top to happen in a meaningful way because I think ultimately we have really good services. Our channels are on brand and they're reasonable and we'll be one of the big recipients of that, but I think it's going to be a while.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: And, Anthony, to address your U.S. affiliate questions, without giving specific numbers, SVOD in 2015 and 2016, the less than 1% of total U.S. affiliate, so certainly is not a growth driver in 2016 versus 2015. Also, to clarify, Sony actually is non-SVOD. It's in the overall kind of – yes, it's in the U.S. affiliate. But we don't really categorize that as SVOD. And then your other question about high-single digit, what we said in the past was that the pricing clearly is creating higher, and we've seen that now for a couple of years going and we'll see it again in 2016. What we said was that it would be high single digit predicated upon kind of a stable universe, and so we had some expectations of what that universe decline would look like. So, we are not giving any specific on 2016 affiliate guidance, even though very clearly the deals we've done and the deals that we anticipate doing will increase price and continue to drive growth there.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. I guess maybe this is just a little bit redundant, but is your guidance contingent upon any specific renewal for 2016 specifically?
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Well, look, we're not going to talk, Anthony, specifically about any deals that we have coming up. We have expectations of what those deals would look like. At this point we have a lot of confidence in those outcomes, given the deals that we've done in the last several years. Again, about 80% of our U.S. subs have been renewed in the last several years. So, yes, we have an expectation, we're not going to say specifically what they are or how much it is. But again, the confidence is the deals that we've done over the last three years.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Got you. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America. Please proceed. Ms. Cohen, your line is open.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Analyst, Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Go to the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Can you hear me?
Jackie Burka - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yes.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Andy, just on the guidance, if you could help fill us in. I don't know if you want to comment on OpEx growth expectations domestically and internationally just to help us think about kind of margins for the year. You can obviously ex currency, probably easier. And then maybe just to clarify from Anthony's question on affiliate revenues, can we assume the Comcast agreement will be represented in the first-quarter results, since I think that deal was signed last summer? I just wanted to see if you'd comment there. And then, David, I heard your comments on the Telenor situation was really interesting. You know better than anybody that there are big differences between kind of European distribution and U.S. distribution dynamics. But how do you look at the increasing tension between programmers and distributors in Europe as you move forward? Do you view it as an opportunity to maybe celebrate your business and maybe you were underpaid historically or do you think that's going to create more volatility in the results? What can you tell us, since you're closer to that than we are? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ben. So, with Telenor and with Telia, we were able to get meaningful step-ups and increases. Remember that Europe and Latin America are a little bit different than the U.S. in that historically, Latin America has been mostly no price increases. Your increases came from sub growth. And Europe was working like that until two years ago. And so, we started to drive that idea in the last two years and we've been getting increases. But in the last 12 months we've taken the position that we need much more substantial increases. And putting kids together with our channels in Latin America and sports together with our suite and free-to-air and IP and all of our content together in Europe has helped us get bigger increases. But in order to get it, we really need to stand up for the value of our content. So we had to pull our signals twice. So, I think there's two buckets. One is you're going to see us fighting for significant incremental affiliate revenue, and between the Olympics and Eurosport and the strength of Discovery and the strength of our female portfolio around the world, we think that we can get that, and you'll start to see our affiliate line growing in a meaningful way over its long cycle over the next year, two years, three years, just like we did here in the U.S. And we have some optimism that maybe we could even do meaningfully better than that because our IP we think, is quite good, but we're going to have to fight for it. I think the reverberation of pulling those signals in Northern Europe has been valuable, and the deals that we've done recently have been very, very favorable. That's one. Two, you bring up a point that is a new phenomenon, but it's all incremental to us. The idea that distributors in Europe are starting to compete more aggressively is a real helper to us. And what they're starting to do, which we didn't anticipate, is that whether you're a satellite, cable or phone player, for the first time over the last 12 months, they have felt that owning the pipe directly to the handset or to the home is not enough. They need to de-commoditize that pipe by owning unique exclusive content. And so, this is really a new idea here. So we sell our 10 channels and then we get a distributor coming to us saying, do you have other great IP you could sell just to us that we could promote that we have just this content in the market? So we have been able to do – we've done four of those deals in the last six months. None of those were in our plan four months ago, five months ago. It's all incremental to us. Our channel is in language. And I think that, if it continues, if you have the BTs fighting with the SKYs in each market, if you have this competitive dynamic, and we can raise our hand and say we have kids' IP, we have sports IP, we have excess drama and non-fiction IP, and that could be a whole incremental vein of revenue for us; and we're starting to see it. If it continues, we'll be able to break it out for you in the years to come, but it's very positive. And so what we see internationally is double-digit growth, even though it's basically been flat-lining for the last couple of years and that will continue; advertising remains strong. We have this new vein of opportunity with these distributors wanting exclusive content, and the Olympics is going to help us with that. And so I think quite favorable. The big negative is currency. Our international business is really – it's doing extremely well. The big issue is currency.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful. Thank you.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: And to address your OpEx question, I appreciate there's a lot of moving parts here with some write-offs and one-time items in the fourth quarter. So let me just provide some clarity and perspective. For 2015, kind of apples-to-apples constant currency, SG&A total company was up low-single digits, with content costs up low double, as we invested in Rich Ross and Discovery, and sports, et cetera. As I look into 2016, we see constant currency OpEx, SG&A up again only low-single digits with the cost of revenue being up high-single. So total costs up, call it, mid-single, for 2016. Just to again to clarify the foreign exchange impact in 2016, we're saying that for OIBDA, it will be about $115 million to $125 million. And as David said, look, clearly, foreign exchange has been a very challenging element for us given the size of our international portfolio. The good news, I'll say, on FX is if you look at some of the movements in currency last year, some of these markets really can't get any worse. If you look at Venezuela, for example – in Venezuela, we went from a 5-to-1 exchange rate at the beginning of 2015 to a 200-to-1 at the end of 2015. And so in some of these markets, we've kind of taken the full brunt or the hit. We'll see what happens from here. But I think, in terms of OIBDA being about $115 million to $125 million. And then, lastly, on Comcast, yes, the Comcast deal is effective January. And so that new deal will be in our first quarter reported results.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, both.
Operator: As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, we will only be taking one question. Your next question comes from Vasily Karasyov with CLSA. Please proceed.
Vasily Karasyov - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask about OWN. First, could you please speak in a little more detail about our trading trends there, specifically advertising revenue growth and (50:25) maybe relative to your U.S. Networks supported networks? And then, what's your view on the ownership structure right now? Is it optimal? And do you expect it to evolve at all and what would that depend on? Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks so much. OWN is doing very, very well. It's a top 20 network for women. It's the number one network for African-American women. On Tuesday nights, we're the number one network for all women in cable. And the channel is on-brand with some great content from Oprah. So we have a happy audience that we're nourishing that are spending a lot of time with u;, and Oprah is very engaged. We grew our audience double-digit. We have a very strong leadership team there with Erik and Sheri Salata working very closely with Oprah. She worked with them for many years at Harpo. And so, I feel like we're on a very strong trajectory. In terms of affiliate fees, more than 80% of the affiliate fees are locked with meaningful increases, and the channel is in almost 90 million homes. And so we took a channel that was in 75 million homes and had no sub fees four years ago. It's in almost 90 million homes. It's making a lot of money. It's a top network. And Oprah has created a great success. The channel is owned 50/50. As we disclosed when we did the deal, Oprah has some stage puts that she can elect to take or not. The first election opportunity is this year, and they're staged throughout the next 6 years or 7 years. And we love the channel. If over time, the channel ends up – we have an opportunity to own more of the channel, that's only a good thing for us. We're very confident in it. We think it has a great niche and some very strong IP. And over time, as our interest grows, if we have an opportunity to consolidate it, that would be very favorable for us. But in the meantime, it's a 50/50 venture with Oprah having rights to put interest to us over time beginning this year, and she is very happy with the venture. We're very happy with the venture. And it's quite a success story.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: And just to put some financial metrics behind that. Look, again, the results for us continue to get better. As I think everyone knows, all the free cash flow comes to us in the form of a loan repayment. That amount in 2015 was $85 million, $20 million more than it was in 2014. The loan has gone from over $500 million two years ago to $380 million. We expect that loan to get fully repaid over the next several years. And so, look, the financial trends are very good for us. As David said, we don't consolidate today. So, while we talk about our free cash flow growth and how we're accreting that important line, the cash flow growth out of OWN is not included in that. But yet, it certainly is part of our treasury and part of our overall capital availability. So, the trends are very good financially for us as well.
Vasily Karasyov - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you. David, just following up on these exclusive custom package deals you spoke about in (54:01), can we assume they're accretive to the profitability just given the incremental cost for this exclusive content? And I guess can it eventually come to the U.S. or not really realistic, given so many more distributors in the market? And then, just a follow-up for Andy, if I can, on the domestic advertising outlook for 2016. I know, in 2015 you talked about reducing some advertising load. I just wondered if we cycled through that for 2016.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Look, for international, we've acquired all this content with the assumption that we were going to use it on our linear channels, that we were going to use it on TV Everywhere, on VOD, direct-to-consumer. We have this huge library of content in kids and sports and in non-fiction and drama that we own. And so, the deals that we've done is almost all incremental because we haven't bought any content to provide these exclusive packages. And so, whether they come in the form of launching an additional two or three channels in a market in language or whether it comes in providing exclusive content, it's content that we already own. And so, it's all incremental. I think it's less likely to happen here, and we will see how things develop. Right now, TV Everywhere is our number one priority giving our content to the distributors. We – here we are in the U.S., we're having high-single digit affiliate growth. The universe is starting to hold its own, and our viewership is growing. We have a very healthy U.S. business. And so, I think a part of that is going back to our distributors and working with them on TV Everywhere, working with them on VOD, working with them on authenticated apps, which benefits both of us. And so, I think that we've started to tilt. We got a long way to go. But we started to tilt in a very positive direction with TV Everywhere, which is a very attractive instrument versus kind of the blunt force instrument of a – of some of the SVOD platforms that have no advertising, no branding and are kind of operating outside the existing infrastructure.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: And, Alexia, just a couple of ad sales comments. Look, if you told me a year ago that we'd be having the ad sales performance today with fourth quarter up 5%, the third quarter strong, some very good mid-single digit growth, as we've said, going into the first quarter, I would have been thrilled. I mean, we're clearly – the scatter markets today are – volume is strong, pricing is strong, far better than we had expected and clearly better than we thought back at our Investor Day. With regard to the ad load, look, today, we already have an ad load that's less than the industry average. Yes, we have pulled back ad loads in some of our networks, which I think is one reason why our delivery continues to outpace the industry. And so, all of our guidance that we've given and some of the first quarter numbers that we've had reflect the fact that in some of our networks we have pulled back inventory.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question comes from John Janedis with Jefferies. Please proceed.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks. Maybe a related question. Andy, thanks for the comments on the ad side of the business. But can you give us a better sense of how you're thinking about the Olympics impact? Meaning, is the assumption that it has maybe a direct couple of hundred basis point impact on the quarter and then money may also get pulled into or pushed out of other quarters, and is it your sense that the dollars flowing to digital have decelerated? And if so, is it a measurement issue? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, John. I just wanted to hit one point on the Olympics. When we did the Olympics, we said that the Olympics would be profitable. We completed our first deal with the BBC, which was very favorable. It's a – we created a kind of a partnership. We didn't – we have the Olympics all across Europe from 2018 through 2024 except for in France and the U.K., where the IOC had already done deals in 2018 and 2020. As part of our BBC deal, we got back the rights to the Olympics in the U.K. in 2018 and 2020, where they'll have one free-to-air channel and one red button digital channel. But we'll be the only place to get all of the Olympics in the U.K. for the next decade. We were able to get pricing that was significantly more favorable than is in our plan, and it also allows us now to do a pan-European fee to the Olympics from an advertising perspective also because we can reach almost all 700 million people. So, I would say that, from something that we felt in terms of modeling, that would be profitable. Given the conversations that we're having across Europe, owning the Olympic IP, we feel confident that it will be meaningfully profitable over the decade, but also that it will be a big helper to us as we build our mobile strategy, as we build our direct-to-consumer strategy and as we look to drive affiliate revenue because all distributors now that we were doing short-term deals with, they wanted to go – they want to go longer term to include the Olympics.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Just to add a couple of more comments there, John, with regard to our Olympic rights that we have – because David said it will be cash flow positive over the 10-year window, it'll have a de minimis impact on our 2016, 2017 results. And the early activity that the team is delivering on is clearly better than what our expectations were when we did the deal. With regard to the U.S. Olympics, which may be a part of your question, yes, we do expect it to have an impact certainly on our total ad sales in the third quarter, as obviously that's a large amount of ad sales to fill. And with regard to kind of the move to digital, look, clearly, what we're still seeing is the trend out of print, out of radio, out of outdoor into TV and into digital. And so, when we think about the TV ad sales clearly doing better than people thought 6 months to 12 months ago, I think it does come down still to reach. I mean, if you look at Racing Extinction, for example, it reached 31 million viewers. That kind of reach is invaluable and very hard to achieve on digital. So, those kind of shows and assets for us clearly drive a lot of ad sales, volume and pricing. So, I think we're still seeing some of the more secular trends into TV and digital with the Olympic impact being really isolated for us only in the third quarter.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jackie Burka - Vice President-Investor Relations David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2015 Discovery Communications Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark and I'll be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Jackie Burka, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jackie Burka - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications 2015 Third Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy, and then we will open the call up for your questions. Please keep to one question so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2014, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. A month ago, Discovery hosted our first Investor Day to provide a detailed overview of our global strategy and outlook and introduce you to our corporate and international executive management team. It was great to see so many of you there. During that presentation, you heard me talk about where we've come as a global media company, where we're going, what sets us apart, and the keys to our continued operational growth and financial success. Because of our confidence in our financial performance and our free cash flow outlook, much of which is locked in through long-cycle affiliate deals, today I'm pleased to announce that we have increased our buyback authorization by $2 billion. And we will be back in the market buying our shares this quarter. Andy will share more information on the buyback authorization increase and take you through the financial details in just a moment. First, let me briefly take you through some of this quarter's top-line performance highlights. First and foremost, our strong brands and award-winning content in the U.S. market continued to perform remarkably well, generating enduring value. I'm pleased to report our portfolio of U.S. channels again outperformed broadcast and cable peers and commanded an increase of share of our ad-supported cable. Discovery Channel had the highest rated quarter ever for persons 25 to 54 delivery and has been the number one ad-supported cable channel for men four months so far this year alone. As we showcased at Investor Day, our ability to reach audiences around the world with great storytelling will be on full display on December 2 when Discovery Channel premieres the landmark documentary, Racing Extinction, a truly global event reaching 1 billion viewers in over 220 countries on one day. Only Discovery can do this. It is our unique advantage. Among women, ID was the number one ad-supported cable channel in total delivery for the month of September, number one ad-supported cable channel for women in September, really extraordinary, and prime delivery on ID rose 16%. Given our low cost per hour, our ability to top the ranking charts and grow delivery across ad-supported cable is significant for ID. Our U.S. ad sales were very strong this quarter, up 6% versus last year due to record scatter volume, strong pricing and improved demand. And we were able to monetize our ratings improvements at key networks like Discovery Channel, ID and Velocity. On the affiliate side, revenues rose 12% in the third quarter. We continue to see the benefits of the strong price increases we have secured through the current renewal cycle, of which we are now 80% complete here in the U.S. The price escalators are locked in for years to come. And we also are adding revenue from new partners such as Verizon Go90, Hulu and Sony. At our Investor Day, I also said that our leading global distribution platform is Discovery's secret sauce. That's once again true in the third quarter. International viewership grew mid-single-digit overall with ID, TLC and Eurosport up double-digit or better. Our ability to increase share of viewership internationally helped drive strong organic advertising and affiliate growth. Organic ad sales rose 12% and organic distribution growth also was strong, up 8%. These figures demonstrate our strong international growth profile and best-in-class platform. Across Europe, we are continuing to build Eurosport's offering by strategically investing in sports rights and increasing production values to bring local fans closer to the action. As a result, viewership is up 16% this quarter, with some countries like Poland and Germany gaining market share rapidly where we have added locally popular franchises to our lineup. Owning our IP, another key to our performance and growth, is also presenting new possibilities. In a multiplatform world, ownership of our content gives us the ability to tell stories, create brands, build community on new platforms, and we have found that our content does play in multiple ecosystems. We have recently seen a dramatic increase in views across Discovery Digital Networks as we nourish audiences with storytelling only we can do across multiple platforms. And we are seeing real engagement with our online channels including TestTube, Seeker and SourceFed, 3 of 90 YouTube channels that we have which now aggregate to over 200 million views a month, 50 million of them on Facebook alone. To better leverage the value of our content across all of these platforms, we have brought Paul Guyardo to our executive team. Paul was a leader working for Barry Diller and he spent many years at DIRECTV with their marketing and direct-to-consumer business. As Chief Commercial Officer, Paul is hyper-focused on maximizing our powerful brands and programming revenue across all platforms. Overall, the combination of Discovery's unique content with our IP ownership position, category leadership and creative and innovative management team ensures we will be one of the leading content creators for years into the future. No other media company owns such great content and IP to exploit against platforms. No other media company has such a broad international distribution platform and brands that resonate so deeply with global audiences and super fans. I remain extremely confident and excited about our future and in Discovery's ability to succeed and grow. With that, I will now turn the call over to Andy for more details on our financial results and plans to return capital to our shareholders.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Thanks, David, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Discovery continues to execute well on our stated operational and financial goals. And while as expected, costs were elevated in the quarter mostly due to the timing of content and marketing investments, we are extremely pleased with the solid organic top-line growth we generated both in the U.S. and internationally. All of our key third-quarter financial metrics are in line with the numbers I presented at our September Investor Day. On a reported basis, total company third quarter revenues decreased 1%, and adjusted OIBDA was down 9%. Excluding currencies, revenues were up 8% and adjusted OIBDA was down 1%. On an organic basis, so excluding the impact of foreign currency as well as the impact of Eurosport, Discovery Family and the June 30 sale of SBS Radio, total company revenues increased 7% and adjusted OIBDA declined 1%. As we had anticipated and have previously discussed, after two quarters of strong cost control, we saw a significant uptick in costs both domestically and internationally given this year's cadence of content and marketing investments which are weighted towards the second half of the year and peaked in the third quarter. Net income available to Discovery Communications of $279 million was relatively flat versus last year third quarter net income of $280 million, as the lower operating performance was offset by a positive swing in our mark-to-market stock-based compensation as well as lower income taxes. Our third quarter tax rate decreased by 400 basis points versus last year to 31% due to some discrete one-time tax settlements during the quarter. We still expect our effective tax rate to be 33% for full year 2015 and to be at or below 30% for fiscal 2017. Our declining tax rate will continue to drive sustaining net income growth as well as accelerate our free cash flow growth over time. Earnings per diluted share for the third quarter was $0.43 and adjusted earnings per diluted share was $0.47. Excluding currency impacts, both above and below the line, adjusted EPS was up 25% for the third quarter and up 11% for the last 12 months. Free cash flow in the third quarter decreased to $234 million after being up 55% in the second quarter, primarily due to the timing of working capital and content spend. We still expect our full-year free cash flow to be up low-single-digits versus 2014 and expect it to accelerate nicely in 2016. Turning now to the operating units, despite all the talk about domestic secular concerns, our U.S. Networks grew revenues an impressive 8% this quarter, as we benefited from another quarter of strong distribution growth of 12% and a significant acceleration in advertising growth to up 6% year-over-year. We are extremely pleased with our third quarter ad sales performance. As David mentioned, our ratings outperformed the industry and this outperformance helped us benefit from robust scatter pricing and volume as well as stronger overall demand. Distribution revenues, excluding the impact from consolidating Discovery Family's results, did accelerate in the second quarter and were up 7% this quarter. We again benefited from the higher rates we garnered from our new deals with NTTC, Cablevision, Sony and others at the end of 2014 as well as from contributions from our new Hulu deal which started January 1 of this year. Discovery Family will be fully lapped starting in the fourth quarter, so our 4Q reported and organic growth rates will be the same. And then looking ahead, our favorable Comcast renewal will go into effect on January 1, 2016. Tuning to the cost side, domestic operating expenses in the quarter were up 14% on a reported basis and were up 11% excluding the Discovery Family consolidation. Excluding Family, costs of revenues were up 8% due to the timing of content spend and SG&A was up 15% as we ramped up marketing spend after two quarters of declines. This led to a 200 basis point decline in reported and organic margins to 57% versus the prior year. Moving on to our international operations, our International division saw an impressive organic ad and distribution growth in the third quarter. On a reported basis, revenues declined 9% and reported OIBDA declined 21%, but excluding currency, revenues increased 6% and adjusted OIBDA decreased 4%. Changes in FX rates reduced our revenue growth rates by 15% and our adjusted OIBDA growth rate by 17% as the stronger dollar versus last year, especially versus the Brazilian real, which fell another 21% during the quarter, remained a major headwind. On an organic basis, so excluding currency impacts, as well as Eurosport and the recent sale of SBS Radio, revenues were up 9% and adjusted OIBDA increased 4%. For comparability purposes, my following International comments will refer to our organic results only, so I'll exclude the impacts of Eurosport, SBS Radio and foreign exchange. The 9% third quarter revenue growth was led by 12% advertising growth and 8% distribution growth. Ad growth was led by extremely strong 30-plus percent growth in Latin America, led by higher volumes and pricing in Brazil as well as strong trends in Mexico, Colombia and Argentina. Southern Europe also grew ad revenues over 30%, led by higher volumes, pricing and ratings in Italy and solid double-digit growth in Spain. Excluding Russia, CEEMEA, led by Germany, also continued to grow nicely, with advertising revenues up 15%. Distribution revenues grew 8%, driven by another quarter of double-digit growth in Latin America due to higher rates and the continued expansion of paid television in key markets like Brazil, Mexico and Argentina, and to a lesser extent, increases in subscribers in Central Europe and Eastern Europe. These country-level results reflect the strong long-term opportunity for our international markets as you heard about from JB Perrette last month. With just one quarter remaining, we are confident that full-year international organic advertising growth will be in the low-double-digit range, and we can now firmly say that organic affiliate growth for the full year will be in the high-single-digit range. Turning to the cost side, operating expenses internationally grew 13% in the quarter, primarily due to higher content amortization and increased personnel costs as we continue to focus on localizing our International businesses. Adjusted OIBDA grew 4% and International organic margins were down 200 basis points to 36% versus the prior year. Eurosport standalone margin in the third quarter was 6%, and we still expect margins to be in the high-single-digit range for the full year. As we've stated, the benefit of increased investments in sports is expected to double Eurosport's ad revenue from 2015 to 2020 and will help Discovery's entire European business through sustained strong top-line growth for years to come. Now, moving on to our Education and Other segment, which reported a small operating loss for the quarter, given our strategic focus on producing and utilizing more content from our in-house, own production studios, which has no margin associated with it, and our continued investment in Education's digital textbooks to drive the long-term value of this industry-disrupting business, this segment is expected to report a small loss in the fourth quarter as well. So now, taking a look at our overall company financial position, in the third quarter, we only repurchased $52 million worth of preferred shares. But as David mentioned, we will resume our common share repurchases this quarter and intend to buy back approximately $1.5 billion worth of our stock over the next 12 months. Given this, the board has increased our share repurchase authorization by another $2 billion. Our previous authorization only has $415 million remaining and expires in February of next year, while this additional authorization does not expire until October of 2017. On our last earnings call, we stated that we were unlikely to repurchase additional shares through the end of 2015 in an effort to retain capital allocation flexibility for strategic transactions as well as to pay down debt to lower our leverage ratios. But given our solid and better-than-expected third quarter revenues and bottom-line results, the successful Comcast renewal, our significant higher level of confidence in our ability to drive accelerating free cash flow, our high and growing cash flow-to-total debt yield, the continued favorable interest rate environment, and finally, that we find the return of buying our shares at these levels to be extremely attractive, we have adjusted our view on leverage. After very careful consideration, we are now comfortable with increasing our gross debt to adjusted OIBDA ratio to the 3.25 times to 3.4 times range versus the 2.75 times target we previously outlined, all while being highly committed to remaining an investment-grade debt issuer. As we stated during our Investor Day and on previous earnings calls, our capital allocation priorities remain the same: first, to invest in driving organic growth; second, to invest in strategic M&A, platforms and IP; and third, to repurchase our stock. We have been active buyers of our stock since the inception of our buyback program in 2010, and to-date, have repurchased over $6.2 billion of our stock and have reduced our outstanding share count by over 30%. Turning now to our full-year guidance for 2015, which we updated at our September Investor Day, we are still confident in our ability to achieve every metric that we laid out at the beginning of this year. To reiterate our constant currency guidance I gave in September, we expect revenues to grow at 9% to 10%, adjusted OIBDA to grow in the mid-single-digit range and adjusted EPS to grow in the low-double-digit range. These guidance ranges still include the recent sale of the non-core SBS Radio assets as well as the just over $50 million negative non-FX-related impact from Russia. We are also today updating our full-year foreign exchange impacts versus last year's reported results. At current spot rates, FX is still expected to reduce our constant currency guided revenue for the year by $460 million or roughly 7%, adjusted OIBDA by $180 million, also roughly 7%, while adjusted EPS is now expected to be reduced by $0.26 to $0.31 assuming no further below-the-line currency adjustments. Longer term, as we outlined at our Investor Day, we conservatively expect our constant currency adjusted EPS and reported free cash flow to both grow at a low-double-digit CAGR from 2015 to 2018. In conclusion, while there is currently much uncertainty in the marketplace, I remain extremely bullish on our global market positioning, our long-term strategic outlook, and our continued ability to achieve our stated financial goals. Now, we'll open the line for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Two questions. David, can you talk about the direct-to-consumer over-the-top work you've been doing in Europe, which I think has been successful and whether Paul's hire is sort of a sign you might be thinking about going into the U.S. with that strategy? Because obviously he comes with a lot of retail success at DIRECTV and building subscription businesses, so I didn't know if there was a connection there. And then I'll just ask my second. Andy, on the leverage change, do you plan to operate at that 3.25 to 3.4 gross leverage rate because you're not there today? And if you do, how quickly do you think you're going to get there or is that sort of a ceiling based on the opportunity set in front of you? Just any more color on that would be helpful. Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Ben. The direct-to-consumer business is something we're just getting started with, but we have invested over the last year and a half primarily through our Eurosport partnership and in Northern Europe with the Eurosport app and with Dplay. We're learning a lot. Both of those platforms are growing meaningfully. We do have a target in place which we're calling March to a Million. We have 200,000 subscribers right now. And if we can get to a million at the $6 to $8 a month, we could generate close to $100 million in revenue, which I think gets our whole company's attention in terms of culture. The exciting thing about the Eurosport app is that we're growing our direct-to-consumer business, but it's not coming at the expense of the linear channel. In fact the linear channel grew more than 15% in the past quarter. So people are signing up for the U.S. Open and they're watching maybe a choice of 18 courts. Most of it is when they're outside the home and then when they're in the home, they're watching one of the three Eurosport channels in most cases. So we're finding that it's additive. We're learning a lot. The good news for us is we've improved our IP, so we did a lot of deals for Eurosport that were in the low single-digit increase for rights. Where we stayed away from the big soccer, we've acquired a lot of kids' rights where we are a leader in kids in Latin America and now in Asia. And we own all of our content on Discovery, on TLC where we've focused more on being on-brand, with stronger, bigger content. And so we have a lot of optionality. I think it's just – it's early days, but we do have a lot of flexibility here in the U.S. to make a move if we want to and we're looking at it. We're looking at it.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Ben, to answer your question on the leverage, we expect to kind of accrete our leverage up to the 3.25, 3.4 times by year-end 2016. It's just so important to highlight that even at that level, our free cash flow to debt yield is still going to be mid teens to high teens, the highest in the industry. Our interest coverage ratio is going to be the highest in the industry. And we feel extremely comfortable given our growth profile of cash flow, that's the right leverage target and capital structure for us. But we do expect to be at that level over the course of the next 12 months.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just one more point, I think that we've worked really hard to build content in these super-fan groups; Sports, Kids, Oprah, Tyler, Discovery, Science, ID, I think having Paul Guyardo come over, he spent a lot of time at HSN with Diller, he ran this business for DIRECTV, it just gives us some real expertise. And Paul has brought in some additional people into the company that think a little bit differently, and I think we need that. We're going to be driving our linear business where we're growing share, but we're going to try to be really opportunistic about how do we take our content on mobile, how do we take our content directly to consumers in a way that can provide additional meaningful growth?
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Can you update us on your interest in acquiring free-to-air networks internationally? I guess, is there a particularly more attractive strategy now owning more free-to-air now that you have the Olympics rights? And then just a follow-up question about the third-quarter maybe for Andy, is there any color you can give us in terms of how much Shark Week, the success there contributed to the ad growth in the quarter? And with that in mind, how we should think about Q4 advertising domestic trends?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Alexia. Look, right now, we feel very good about the growth characteristics of our International business. We're growing share. Because we've been able to grow share, we feel like we have a real ability and you're seeing it in our ability to drive price on advertising, and together with Sports in Europe and Kids in Latin America and more scale to drive pricing on distribution and you'll start to see more of that. Because we're in 220 countries and we have, on average, 10 channels, we have a fair amount of synergy. And so we're always looking opportunistically, but we don't need any additional assets if in fact – we have free-to-air channels in a number of markets in Europe that we can take advantage of with the Olympics. We just launched a free-to-air channel acquired in Turkey, which gives us some optionality. So I think if we can – we'll be looking at the question of can we grow as fast or faster by acquiring additional assets outside the U.S. and we'll look at everything, but we don't feel like we need to do anything. We do think that we're probably the best buyer for a lot of assets because we have knowledge in the marketplace, we have infrastructure and we have synergy, but we don't need anything.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Just, Alexia, to provide some color on the third quarter ad sales, look, as you know, Shark Week was an absolute home run for us. And while we moved it from August to July, it was still in the third quarter and it was just a huge ratings and ad sales driver for us. The third quarter, if you take ex the inclusion of Family, was up about 4.5%, really driven by solid demand, solid pricing. We even actually cut back a little bit of inventory to drive a better viewer experience which showed up on our ratings, so overall, a very healthy overall quarter for us. Your question about fourth quarter, look, the market is similar than what we saw in the third quarter and we expect our ad sales to be up solidly year-over-year.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from UBS. Please proceed.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much, guys. I think first, just boring question and continue on advertising, any sense of how the calendar upfront is shaping up? Any thoughts on first quarter cancellation options? I know you said fourth quarter was pacing well, but just trying to read the tea leaves as we start to think about 2016. And then I think for David, on Eurosport, given you've closed the rest of it and I think you've given obviously a lot of confidence at the Analyst Day, a lot of details at the Analyst Day and today. But I think investors are curious how much more do you want to invest in Eurosport? Is there more cycles coming because you're anticipating strong future results, whether it's direct-to-consumer or the leverage? And any sort of examples on the execution side of whether or not that acquisition is benefiting you at this point would be helpful. Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. It's really too early, Doug, to get a sense of where the calendar upfront is going or cancellations. We don't see right now anything that gives us a sense that things are better or worse. The only thing that we see that's attractive is the advertising market in third quarter and fourth quarter has been consistent and is better than it was in fourth quarter, first quarter and second quarter. On the Eurosport side, we've been quite aggressive about going out and doing deals. And so far we've learned a couple of things. We've learned that we can grow viewership significantly without buying big-time soccer. We've also watched as big-time soccer has grown in terms of rates across Europe, 60%, 70%, 80%, 100% in terms of fees, and in many cases, it's big distributors that are fighting for that, and in many cases, there has to be more than one distributor that gets it. And so, it's created kind of a feeding frenzy around that content. The good thing for us is we've kind of ducked our heads on that. And because so much economics has gone to soccer and because we're the only player that can offer a pan-European platform, we've been able to sweep in 60-plus deals of very compelling rights, whether it's speed skating, speed jumping; most of winter sports, summer track and field, more cycling, more tennis at mid-single-digit. And we're even having discussions with some players that bought soccer that are looking to pick up some extra economics by selling some of these niche sports. And for us those niche sports are looking like those are the drivers that are quite attractive for the Eurosport app. Those are the super fan groups that love – that want to see all the speed skating or want to see all the cycling. And so right now, I think we're quite comfortable that we already committed that Eurosport will not go upside down – it will be profitable. We took the profitability margins down from in the 20%s to single-digits. And we think over time that we should be able to not only be profitable, but we should start to get some of the benefit of the app, which is all-incremental and the viewership gains that we're getting now which will – we'll get the benefit, and we've seen in some markets already that when you put Eurosport together with our 10 traditional channels, we get benefit and by selling Eurosport locally, we're getting benefit; so I'd say so far, so good.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: And just, Doug, some financial parameters on that, one thing we've spoken about is this investment in sports not only is going to allow us to at least double our Eurosport-specific ad sales over the next five years, but as you know, the combination of the Sports and the Olympics and our share of viewership across pan-Europe is going to really help drive the top-line affiliate as well.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And we will, after Rio, the Olympic Rings will go on, on our Eurosport channels. We also have Eurosport.com, which is the number one online site for sports scores and clips. The Rings will go on that. We're working very effectively with the IOC, and it's very early days. But we're having some interesting conversations on multiple platforms about the fact that we own the Olympic IP for the next decade.
Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bank from RBC Capital Management.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, guys. Thank you very much. So, David, Andy, we tend to track what is reported, right? We're pretty focused particularly on the linear ratings that we see and trying to figure out what's driving ad revenues. But from you guys' perspective, there are integrated revenues and there are digital revenues in particular that I think are probably ramping. Can you give us a sense how much of the ad revenues are coming from that linear viewership right now versus the non-traditional, and in a sense, the non-tracked by Nielsen C3 or Live+7 Ratings?
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Yeah, sure, David. There's no question that you're right. We are seeing a ramp of our non-linear ad sales. Looking specifically at the third quarter, the majority is still very much from linear. And Dave talked about the traction we're seeing, the 200 million monthly views. I mean, clearly there's a growing, growing opportunity for us to monetize that. But specifically for the third quarter, it still is very much our linear ad sales, driven by pricing and demand.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The good news – the bad news is we haven't done a great job in monetizing that. And when you look at the overall effort, it's about break-even with all the effort that we've made. That's the bad news. The good news is that more and more we're talking to advertisers that like the scale that we have. We're changing our approach in how we're selling to take advantage. We see a lot of players like Vice who have done, candidly, an extraordinarily good job of monetizing their streams. And so this is another thing that Paul and our team is looking at, that we've been, I think, best-of-class with linear. And over the next two years to three years, if we could really build up our capability and our expertise in digital, I think that'll be a significant upside because we haven't been great at it.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Please proceed
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks. I have two, let me do one for David and one for Andy after that. David, you guys have been very honest the past two years about calling the cable market tepid for advertising. And as you mentioned, this was your fastest growth in two years, so I wonder when you really dig into the quarterly data this quarter, was it, you think GRPs, volume, pricing and scatter that led to the results and do you think perhaps this is a turn for either cable or for yourself in terms of those dynamics that drove the market?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's way too difficult to prognosticate where the advertising market is going. It moved away quickly in the fourth quarter, we didn't quite know why. It flattened out, and now there's no question that volume has been much stronger and pricing has been good. A piece of that candidly is that we're outperforming. There are a number of players in the industry that have – ratings have dropped significantly. And so there's been a meaningful ADU issue in the marketplace. And so if you want to put money to work, the fact that our ratings are up and our, more importantly, our share is up, we didn't have that issue, so we were open for business. The other thing is that our channels are on brand. So, Discovery has never been stronger and the ability to get aligned with the number one network for men, and now we have ID, which was the number one network for women. ID is still meaningfully underpriced. And when you look at the CPM differential between broadcast and cable in general, it's still over 30%. And we can deliver with Gold Rush. We could be number one for men and beat the broadcasters, and ID's length of view is so high. We have super-fan groups around Oprah and Tyler and Science. So I think that being on brand has really helped us and we have a good momentum story by having gone back to brand and the fact that our share is growing. And so we're just going to have to see. Right now, Joe Abruzzese and his team are doing a very good job and so are our programming teams in the aggregate here in the U.S. And so we're going to continue to ride this out and hope that the advertising market stays. We'll see.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Thanks, David. And the one for Andy is, I know that you're confident, David's confident and the board is confident about the future of your company. As you saw over the summer, sometimes the market gives you these opportunities to buy things really cheaply. So I wonder why not keep your powder dry on buybacks and maybe wait for another time when you can actually come in and get a really fat pick. So talk about the timing of the buyback now versus maybe keeping it on the sideline for better opportunities.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Yeah, Mike, look, it's a very fair question and one that we talk a lot about. The good news is this: we talked about earlier this idea that we're going to – we'd expect to buy back about $1.5 billion of our stock the next 12 months. The good news is, given our still prudent, but slightly more aggressive leverage target, as well as our really expanding cash flow profile, we're still going to have a lot of powder on top of the $1.5 billion, so we still sit here today and say our stock is cheap, it's a smart allocation of capital and we still have an enormous amount of capital available beyond that for some opportunistic either buying of IP or investing in scale. So, it certainly is not one or the other. The good news is, and maybe surprising for investors is that we can still achieve both given what we see is our cash profile and given the slightly increased level of leverage.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Thanks, Andy. Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Juenger from Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. I'll keep it to one question because it's potentially a rather large one depending on how you choose to answer it. I'd love to explore international, particularly the affiliate fees a little bit with you, if you don't mind, and just the world is a big place, but when we think about how to get confidence going forward, anything you could do to decompose the sources of growth there? A lot of your press release talked about subscriber growth in the emerging markets. How much is that as a sort of percentage of your growth going forward as opposed to, say, more stable parts in the world like Western Europe, where you think about your pricing cadence and deal renewals and Eurosport and new additions like that? Anything you could share on sort of the mix of how that goes? And in the Western Europe part of the world, if there's anything you could say in terms of pace of renewals, pricing expectation on renewals, I know we all find that very helpful. Thank you very much.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Todd. First, the cycle internationally in general tends to be more like three years versus five years or six years or seven years here in the U.S., that's first. And this won't surprise most of you, but there really is a difference historically in pricing of distribution deals. The way that it's worked historically is that you get your extra pricing by growth. So price has been relatively flat over the last 10 years for most of us in the content business, and it's because distribution was growing pretty aggressively almost around the world. We still see aggressive growth, meaningful growth in Latin America, particularly Brazil and Mexico, although Brazil has slowed down a little bit with the economy, and India, we're seeing meaningful growth in Eastern Europe. There are lot of other markets that are more mature now, like Western Europe and a number of the markets in Japan. What we've been able to do with our strategy, which is starting to come through and we'll take a shorter time than it did here in the U.S. where the cycle is longer, is we have been scaling up in Europe over the last four years or five years. And with the Olympics, with Eurosport, but more importantly just with the overall scale expansion, because we've been growing our market share double-digit for the last six consecutive years in Europe and Latin America, we now sit with distributors. And we started about a year-and-a-half ago where in Western Europe, since there's very modest sub growth, it's not going to work for us. And so the good news is we have enough scale, we believe, to drive price. And we've been able to do that as our deals come up, the same way we had an attack plan to drive a step up in pricing here in the U.S., we have that outside the U.S. We're not executing it everywhere because there were a number of markets we're getting better than double-digit growth just because gestationally these continue to be higher growth markets. And then those markets, we'll play the old game where we're continuing to grow share, we're getting our channels carried, distributors are promoting us, and we're getting double-digit growth. In the more mature markets, we are being quite aggressive. Look, in Sweden, we pulled our signal. And we were off for four days, and then we went back on and we were able to get better than double-digit increase. Across much of Europe on renewals, we have been very clear that our scale is up, our investment is up, and we need significant increases. And so you'll see those come in over the next couple of years.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: One other point, Todd, that I think we can provide that I think is meaningful is that TV Everywhere and SVOD is becoming a big part, particularly TV Everywhere and VOD across those mature markets. And we have a 20-year library in language, and we also have the Olympic IP, and we also have sports IP. And so, the ability for us to have a win-win, which is you take our channels, but in addition, we'll give you some more content for TV Everywhere because we have a ton of it, it's a win for them, it's a win for us, and it helps us further substantiate the pricing rather than just the old Shootout at the O.K. Corral.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony DiClemente from Nomura. Please proceed.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you very much, and good morning. David or Andy, you had a nice acceleration in the U.S. distribution revenue from 6% last quarter to 7%. It seems like there has been some stability in terms of U.S. video subscribers in the quarter. I know it's tough to track quarter-to-quarter, but following a pretty tumultuous quarter last quarter, I just wanted to ask about that. I know that rate is the driver of that 7%, but are you guys seeing any of that stability in terms of the paid subscriber accounts that you see that you track and get paid for? Thanks. And then I have a follow up.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Anthony. As you know from our Investor Day, we assumed, as the industry started to show very slight decline that that was going to continue. There is a lag because we tend to get paid two months to three months later. But looking at the earnings reports from the distributors, I think it was very encouraging. Some of them have gained subs, others are declining at much lower rates. If that flows through, that'll be meaningful upside for us to what our plan is because we've assumed that there'll be slight decline and even at the numbers that we were seeing in the recent earnings reports, that's better than what we have in our plan. And so, we'll just have to see. For us, the good news is we're very protected on the bundle. We could've gotten more price and structured deals where there was more flexibility to move some of our channels. We opted to have the maximum security for our channels, and get price, and so we will track pretty closely what the universe estimates are because we did build into our deals over the last four years less flexibility to move around our channels.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks a lot, David. And then, Andy, on the organic international ad growth acceleration, up 12% in the 3Q versus 7% in the prior quarter, a nice acceleration. You pointed out in your prepared remarks or David or Andy you did I think the specific country strength in Brazil and Latin America. I just wanted to ask how sustainable is that 12% as we go forward into the fourth quarter and next year? How should we be thinking about? Is it safe to assume double-digits? Anything you can give us on the forward outlook for organic international advertising would be helpful. Thanks.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Sure. Well, Anthony, we certainly don't want to give too much expectation today about 2016, but look we're very encouraged by that 12% trend. I think it continues to speak to our share of viewership being meaningfully higher than share of wallet. We talked about the third quarter, the second quarter being a bit of an anomaly, so us being back in the double-digit range is where we should be. For me, I continue to think that's where we're going to stay for a while. We just have so much growth potential and opportunity across so many of our key markets and regions, and so I think the third-quarter trend not only is encouraging, but I think indicative of a lot of the kind of core ad sales metrics we're seeing across our international markets.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays. Please proceed.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Andy, just one question on the buyback. I just wanted to check, I mean, given that the Investor Day is just about a month old now, what changed in the last month for you to go to the other extreme of actually increasing the leverage target and levering up to buy back stock versus what you guys mentioned during the Investor Day?
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP: Hey, Kannan, this is something that we've thought about and debated the merits of for quite some time, quite frankly. We had one of our board meetings in October and look, when we look at our portfolio, we look at our free cash flow growth, we look at the fact that 80% of our U.S. affiliate deals are done with tremendous rate CAGRs; when we look at our cash tax rate and what we're doing there to drive that down, when we compare ourselves, not only those operating metrics, but then we compare ourselves to our peers around, as I mentioned I think before, our interest coverage ratios, our free cash flow to debt yield, it's the right capital structure for us. We have de-risked U.S. business model. We have an accelerating cash flow model. I'm extraordinarily comfortable with the seat I'm in, that we can sustain this higher level of leverage still being fully committed to maintaining our investment grade and allow ourselves to drive a higher level of return on equity while still being very prudent with our debt and capital structure. So, it just was very much kind of the timing of not only board discussions, but then just operationally how confident I feel now about our growth profile.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for calling into the Q3 2015 Discovery Communications earnings conference call. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jackie Burka - Vice President, Investor Relations David Zaslav - President and CEO Andy Warren - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Doug Mitchelson - UBS Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Rich Greenfield - BTIG Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Q2 2015 Discovery Communications Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jane, and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Jackie Burka, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma’am.
Jackie Burka: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications 2015 second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy, and then we will open up the call for your questions. Please keep to one question so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2014, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Discovery’s strong start to the year continued in the second quarter, with steady growth across our global portfolio of brands and businesses. Propelled from a strong second quarter into what was a momentous start to the third quarter, I join you extremely confident in Discovery’s future growth prospects. I believe we will look back on July 2015 as a pivotal month in our company's history as we announced three transformative agreements. The multiplatform rights to the Olympic Games in Europe for the next decade, the deal to acquire 100% control of Eurosport and lastly, a favorable long-term renewal with Comcast for our U.S. Networks portfolio and distribution on the Xfinity Comcast platform. These deals together stabilized and enhance our U.S. growth profile, continue our diversification internationally and give us more blue chip IP content and more distribution, so we continue to drive audience share across all consumer platforms. Earlier this month, we announced an exclusive deal in Europe, with the IOC all of the TV and multiplatform media rights to the four Olympic Games from 2018 to 2024. Never before has one media company been granted all rights on all platforms across Europe. We believe the Olympic Games will be a foundation programming piece for Eurosport and Discovery across the continent. Eurosport already dedicates over 40% of its programming schedule to Olympic Sports and bolstering our rights and offerings with the world's greatest sporting event is a perfect editorial and strategic fit for the linear channel and for eurosport.com, the leading online sports platform in Europe. Combined with full access to the Olympic programming archive, our use of the Olympic rings immediately following Rio and our existing Sports Federation Agreements, this deal was substantially strengthen the Eurosport platform and bring the Olympic Games to more viewers on more platforms across Europe than ever before. We will maximize our reach to Europe’s 700 million residents across platforms. Following the June 29th Olympic announcement, we have seen an increase in conversations and feedback from our European distributors, advertising partners, and phone and new media players, who want to work more closely with us. Soon after the Olympic deal, we struck an agreement to acquire full ownership of Eurosport from the TF1 Group. In 2012, we began our investment with a 20% stake in Eurosport and increase that investment to 51% more than a year ago. Taking full control of Eurosport allows us to further strengthen the brand and decision-making process, more readily secure important sports rights on a local or pan regional basis, and fully realize the businesses growth potential. Eurosport two or three channels across 130 million homes, eurosport.com and now the Olympics for the next decade, makes us the clear leader in sports in Europe. Finally, the third transaction was signing a long-term Distribution Agreement with Comcast. Our renewal with Comcast is significant. It demonstrates the distributors continue to place great value on our content and brand, with meaningful increases, and it solidifies our TV Everywhere strategy with deployment on Xfinity, primary TV Everywhere platform in the U.S. Four years ago we said we would reset our domestic affiliate rate structure with a step up and more meaningful increases to reflect our increased investment in content and the growth of our audience share that our channel brands had earned. I am proud to say that we've achieved it. Prior to this renewal cycle our deals had price escalators at CPI. But we have now reset all of our affiliate agreements that have come up in the last four years, which is the majority, at a meaningful rate increase that reflects the strength of our brands and our increased market share. Andy will give you more details but today we are positioned for long-term growth in the United States. Locking up that long cycle money with strong price escalators, allows us to focus on other aspects of the business and gives our U.S. business a steady growth rate for years to come. And there is still real opportunity for value creation even on the affiliate side going forward. At 13% share reviewing, we were only getting a mid-single-digit share of affiliate fees even with our increases. There is still a gap to close in the future as well, which we see as real opportunity in the years ahead. Even in a marketplace like the U.S., it is relatively flat and challenged. Combined with our multiple TV Everywhere rights deals signed in the past two years, we are now accelerating the expansion of streaming choices for our content across platforms and diversifying our distribution channels with multiple partners. It’s positive when new entrants come into the market, particularly when you have the number one channel in America for men with Discovery Channel, several top channels for women and the top channel for African-American women with OWN, all at a price point that is a very good value which gives us a real advantage. Today I'm pleased to announce an agreement with Verizon to bring long and short-form content from Discovery Channel, TLC, Animal Planet, ID and the Science Channel, including full episodes of prior seasons of hit shows to Verizon's U.S. mobile subscribers. This deal extends our platform reach to Verizon customers beyond our traditional pay-TV customer base and adds yet another source to our distribution revenue stream. While we drive to extend the delivery of our content to new platforms, we also are working to maximize and exploit our traditional business in the U.S. Headwinds notwithstanding the U.S. pay-TV marketplace remains one of the world’s most important programming and advertising markets. Long-term we are evolving our approach to integrate advertising more deeply into our content, adding more branded integrations, pushing programmatic buying and driving higher CPMs from the scatter marketplace. In the second quarter in the U.S. revenue growth, yet again outpaced cost increases and adjusted OIBDA reached an all-time high. Hitting these metrics illustrates the strong command-and-control we have over our business. We have seen advertising market momentum pick up across all of our channels, so far in Q3, as we continue to benefit from ratings outperformance driven by the flagship Discovery Channel. Led by new President, Rich Ross, the Discovery Channel team has done a fantastic job of creating and building programming that nourishes discoveries core male viewers while attracting more diverse audiences including women, Millennials, Hispanic viewers and family co-viewing. For the quarter, Discovery’s prime time delivery with persons 25 to 54 rose 12% and 9% with men 25 to 54 and 16% with women 25 to 54. The network ranked as the number four channel and ad supported cable for persons 25 to 54, up two spots from a year ago and with women 25 to 54 rose seven spots to number nine. Discovery held all of cable's top five unscripted series for men, Deadliest Catch, Naked and Afraid, Alaskan Bush People, Fast N’ Loud and Street Outlaws. More recently, Shark Week, which aired a month earlier this year continues to be a pop-culture juggernaut. For the science-based slate of programming that reinforce Discovery Channel's heritage, Shark Week 2015 became our highest-rated ever among persons 25 to 54 and women 25 to 54 and Discovery Channel's performance in July outside of Shark Week was strong as prime time delivery jumped 34% for persons 25 to 54 and 26% for men and 50% for women in the same age bracket, all making Discovery Channel the number one channel for men for the month of July. Internationally Discovery Channel again reaches a record audience as many of our tent-pole shows replicated their success globally. Discovery Channel showed particular strength in India, Brazil and Mexico where our share of audience rose more than 20%. ID also posted strong viewership gains in the U.S. and abroad in the second quarter. IDs U.S. delivery rose 7%, and it was a top three ad supported cable network with women 25 to 54 in total day, top three. IDs average international audience rose a record 23% for the quarter fueled by new market launches in organic viewership growth, including the June launch of ID in Sweden. On TLC, we have moved forward with new series that speak to what the TLC brand is best at, holding a mirror to the culture and telling stories in a thoughtful and sensitive way. There are no better examples than I Am Jazz, a heartwarming new series about a transgendered teen, her loving family. In its premiere, the series posted 1.8 million viewers and My Giant Life, a new series that chronicles the remarkable stories of the world's tallest women and has averaged nearly 2 million total viewers. These shows will soon be joined by returning series, Our Little Family and The Little Couple. Meanwhile, TLC’s viewership overseas continues to grow. TLC’s average international audience rose 15% in the second quarter, led by strong viewership in South Africa, the Netherlands, the U.K. and Russia. Just as our global networks and programming are performing well, it is also important to note our IP content investments are similarly making real strides. All three, which we own through a joint venture with Liberty Global International was nominated for 11 primetime Emmys this year, including the hit series Undercover Boss and Penny Dreadful. Overall, we again achieved new record reach in market share gains internationally. With 6% audience share growth across our entire global portfolio in the quarter, our audience and share gains were led by our pay-TV channels in India, Brazil and Mexico, with the Discovery Kids, TLC and Animal Planet brands driving our gains. We also saw strong delivery in the U.K., Germany and Italy as we have many pay-TV and free to air channels in those markets and a strong and growing share presence. Latin America once again delivered a stellar quarter with average audience up 13%. We continue to see broad-based gains in viewership across the region. Led by Discovery Kids, Brazil's portfolio was up 23% and Mexico jumped 16%. Our CEEMEA region posted 5% growth in average audience in the second quarter. Last week in the region, we officially announced an expanded partnership in Turkey with the Doğuş Media Group, one of the leading media companies in the country. Doğuş is an important distribution partner for our 12 pay-TV channels in Turkey and with this new strategic partnership, we were able to extend our portfolio with positive economics and agreed to purchase our first free-to-air channel in this emerging growth market that expands and diversifies our platforms and windows for our content in Turkey, a key market for us. We will also partner with Doğuş to be our new exclusive representative for our advertising sales. We are also deploying a free-to-air partnership strategy in the growing Middle East and North African market. In June, we announced plans to launch Quest Arabiya in the region in the fourth quarter through an agreement with Image Nation, one of leading content creators in the Middle East. This free-to-air Arabic language channel will reach 45 million homes, with the best locally produced male-oriented factual programming, mix with program from Discovery's vast global content engine. Quest Arabiya will expand Discovery’s seven network portfolio in the market, which already includes six pay-TV Discovery brands and the free-to-air channel Fatafeat. Across Europe and Asia, our investment in Eurosport continues to demonstrate progress, with the business posting a 6% increase in average audience this quarter alone. As we approach the 2018 Olympic Winter Games, we will continue to build Eurosport’s offering and brand for the long-term across Europe and Asia. Since taking control of Eurosport a little more than a year ago, we've added 7,500 hours of coverage per year, with more than 3,300 of that life through more than 50 sports rights deals to drive viewership and strength of the offering and Eurosport remains meaningfully profitable. Recent rights include the exclusive television and digital rights for eight major international cycle races from 2017 to 2021 in Asia-Pacific, Wimbledon in Belgium, the PGA Tour Golf in Norway and the Europa league in the Nordics. Beyond linear, we are bullish about the impact of the Olympics and all the local and niche sports content, we are requiring will have on driving adoption of our over-the-top products in Europe. With the Eurosport Player in 52 countries and DPlay, which recently launched in Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Italy, we are continuing to drive toward our stated goal, march to a million subscribers across those platforms in the next two years. And we now have over 300,000 subscribers as of the end of last month. We are making real progress in our goal to maximize the linear platform while aggressively attacking digital distribution around the world. Our strategy centers on investing in premium content to grow market share such as the Olympics, maximizing audience reach on pay-TV platforms by locking down long cycle agreements like Comcast, while aggressively pushing our content to new distribution platforms like Verizon in the U.S. And finding new ways to monetize our content like with Dogas in Turkey and evolving our approach to advertising through the use of data to drive addressability, dynamic ad insertion and secondary guarantees using set-top box data. All of these efforts are designed to enhance growth in the U.S., while driving the expansion aggressively of our international footprint. Based on a 30-year track record of success, the transformative partnerships we've signed in just the past month alone and our continued global growth horizon, I believe Discovery is well-positioned to grow across our 220 markets around the world for the years to come. With that, I will turn the call over to Andy to detail our second quarter financial results. 
Andy Warren: Thanks, David and thank you, everyone for joining us today. Discovery’s ability to execute on key strategic global growth initiatives, while focusing on trailing controlling costs led to another quarter of solid results. On a reported basis, total company second quarter revenues increased 3% and adjusted OIBDA was down 2%. As expected, given our increasingly international business mix, the stronger dollar remained a headwind and changes in currency rates reduced both our reported revenues and adjusted OIBDA growth rates by 8%. Therefore, excluding currency, revenues and adjusted OIBDA were up an impressive 11% and 6% respectively. On an organic basis, so excluding the impact of foreign currency as well as the inclusion of Eurosport and Discovery Family, total company revenues grew 4% and adjusted OIBDA grew 3%. Our organic margins were flat year-over-year at 44%. Our strong cost and content spend allocation, discipline and management continues. But note that we do expect to see a significant uptick in costs domestically and internationally in the third quarter, given the timing of certain content marketing investments. This 3Q cost uptick is embedded in our full year guidance. Note also that because of the difficulties in separating Eurosport France from the rest of Eurosport results, we will continue to breakout the impact of both transactions to the end of this year. It’s important to remind people, however, that when we breakout and report the combined Eurosport results for another few quarters, the benefits of our owning Eurosport extend far beyond the standalone Eurosport results to the rest of the Discovery portfolio in Europe and Asia to the combined distribution and ad sales leverage in these country. Net income available to Discovery Communications of $286 million was down versus last year second quarter net income of $379 million, primarily due to unusually large amounts related to higher foreign currency losses of $54 million from the revaluation of both our euro-denominated debt, and monetary assets in Venezuela, $28 million of lower gains related to selling SBS radio this year versus gains related to HowStuffWorks and Eurosport last year and higher restructuring and other charges this year of $19 million, primarily due to content impairments charges from canceling TLC's 19 Kids & Counting. This all was partially offset by lower income tax expense as our effective tax rate decreased another 300 basis points year-over-year to 32%. As we remain extremely focused on lowering both our effective and cash tax rates, we expect our effective tax rate to be 33% for 2015 and still expect it to be at or below 30% for fiscal 2017, which will continue to drive sustained income growth as well as accelerate our free cash flow. Earnings per diluted share for the first quarter was $0.44 and adjusted earnings per diluted share from a relevant metric, from a comparability perspective that excludes the impact from acquisition-related non-cash amortization of intangible assets was $0.49. Excluding negative currency impacts, adjusted EPS was up 4% for the quarter and up 11% for the last 12 months. Free cash flow in the second quarter increased an impressive 55% to $313 million, due to lower cash taxes, working capital improvements, lower cash interest payments and lower capital expenditures. We still expect our full year free cash flow to be up low-single digits versus 2014 and accelerate nicely in 2016. Turning now to the operating units. The U.S. Networks grew revenue 5%, as it benefited from another quarter of strong distribution growth, up 12% versus last year second quarter and a small increase in ad sales. Our advertising revenues were up slightly versus last year second quarter, as higher pricing and the consolidation of Discovery Family offset lower delivery. Total U.S. delivery did improve from the first quarter, led once again by the flagship Discovery Network, but it was still down low-single digits versus second quarter of last year. As David mentioned, this quarter marked our highest-ad sales quarter in the company's history, as we benefited from the overall market shift from an advanced upfront ad buying to higher price scatter volumes, as we also sold a record amount of scatter ad volume. Looking ahead, we are bullish on our third quarter ad trends as our improved delivery, especially at Discovery, is allowing us to continue to take advantage of a healthier scatter market in respect to our third quarter U.S. advertising revenue growth to modestly accelerate to low single-digit. It is still too early to have a solid read on Q4. Distribution revenues, excluding the impact from consolidated Discovery Family results, were up 6% this quarter as we again benefited from the higher rates we garnered from our new deals with NCTC, Cablevision, Sony and others at the end of 2014, as well as from contributions from our new Hulu deal, which started January 1st of this year. Organic growth decelerated from the first quarter due to tougher year-over-year SVOD comps and a decline of approximately 1% in the pay subscription universe. Given the one-time nature of the SVOD comp, we expect organic affiliate growth to accelerate slightly into the second half of the year, assuming that the rate of subscriber losses does not pick up. I also want to address the financial impact of our recently announced Comcast renewal. We are extremely pleased with the rate structure of our new comprehensive long-term agreement that again recognizes the value of Discovery’s Networks. Pricing for the new deal goes into effect, January 1st of next year and includes a healthy initial step-up, followed by continued rate escalators over the life of the deal. This deal along with our other recently uncompleted deals help stabilize and accelerate our U.S. affiliate growth trajectory to high-single digits in 2016 and significantly enhances our domestic affiliate revenue and cash flow growth expectations. Turning to the cost side, domestic operating expenses in the quarter were up 1% on a reported basis, but were down 3%, excluding the Discovery family consolidation. Excluding family, cost revenue were up 2%, while SG&A declined 11%. Our laser focus on controlling cost with the domestic adjusted EBITDA growth of 7% on a reported basis versus last year’s second quarter and up 4% excluding family. While margins on a reported basis and excluding family, both expanded by 100 basis points year-over-year to our all-time high margin rate of 61%. Moving onto international operations, our international division drove another solid quarter of organic distribution growth, but did experience a near-term slowdown in organic advertising that is already reversing in the third quarter. On a reported basis, revenues grew 1% and reported adjusted EBITDA declined 11%. Excluding currency, revenues increased 19% and adjusted EBITDA increased 7%, as changes in FX rates reduced both revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth rates by 18%, as a stronger dollar versus last year remained a major headwind. And on organic basis, so excluding currency impacts, as well as Eurosport, revenues and adjusted EBITDA both increased 7%. For comparability purposes by following international comments, we refer to our organic results only, so exclude the impact of Eurosport and FX. The 7% second quarter revenue growth was led by 7% advertising growth and 7% distribution growth. Ad growth was led by another quarter of 20% plus growth in Latin America, led by strong volume, pricing and delivery in Brazil, as well as strength in Argentina and Mexico. Asia PAC has also recovered nicely and grew advertising over 10%. The majority of the reasons our advertising growth rate decelerated from the first quarter or one-time in nature, namely tough comps related to the World Cup last year, as well as a slowdown in the U.K. due to elections in May, but we are now seeing a nice acceleration into the third quarter. We were also hurt in 2Q, our audience share in Norway. Looking forward, we still forecast full year organic advertising growth to be in the low-double-digit range, so it will depend upon no further share losses in Norway. Distribution revenues grew 7%, driven by another quarter of double-digit growth in Latin America, due to higher rates and the continued expansion of pay television in key markets like Brazil, Mexico, and Argentina. We still expect organic affiliate growth in the back half of this year to be in the mid to high single digit range. Turning to the cost side, operating expenses internationally grew 7% in the second quarter, primarily due to higher content amortization and increased personnel costs, as we further localize our international businesses. Adjusted OIBDA grew 7% and international organic margins were in line with last year at 38%. Eurosport’s standalone margin in the second quarter was 11% and we still expect margins to be in the high-single-digit range for the full year. We continue to see significant strategic value of investing in additional sports IP in order to bolster and enhance, both the Eurosport and total Discovery European platforms. And while these investments will drive real long-term portfolio value, the loss will continue to depress margins at standalone Eurosport and will also limit margin expansion going forward for total DNI. Our Education and Other segment reported small operating loss for the quarter. Given our strategic focus on producing and utilizing more content for our in-house own production studios, which has no margin associated with it, and our continued investment in education's digital textbooks to drive the long-term value of this industry disrupting business, this segment, in total, continue to operate at a small loss for the remainder of the year. Now, taking a look at our overall financial position, in the second quarter we repurchased a total of $207 million worth of shares. We have now spent over $6.2 billion buying back shares since we began our buyback program at the end of 2010. And we have reduced our outstanding share count by 30%, as we continue to find the return on repurchasing our own shares extremely attractive. As we previously stated, we remain highly committed to our BBB rating and we will manage our capital planning and allocation with this commitment in mind. The rating agencies have recently taken a more conservative view on the media industry. And given our current debt to EBITDA threshold is at the higher end of target levels for BBB company, we’re now focused on preserving cash for the remainder of this year. Therefore, we now expect to have less total available capital for fiscal 2015 than we previously stated. Including the $52 million worth of stock that we will soon buy from Advance/Newhouse under our preexisting buyback agreement with them, we will spend $575 million on total share buyback this year and unlikely that we purchase any additional common stock for the remainder of this year. Given our capital allocation priorities remain, first and foremost, to invest and drive organic growth, and, second, to invest in strategic M&A platforms and IP, and, third, to buy back our stock. For the remainder of 2015, we need to retain flexibility for additional potential strategic investments, such as our recently announced accretive and growth driving investment with the Doğuş in Turkey while continuing to pay down debt. As we look towards 2016 however, we forecast for having meaningfully more capital available and expect the amount of capital allocated to share repurchases to increase significantly next year. Turning to full year guidance; excluding currency impacts, we are pleased to reaffirm that we still expect revenue growth to be in the high-single to low-double digit range and adjusted OIBDA growth to be in the low to mid single digit range. Given our solid operating performance and lower tax rate trends, we are raising our full year adjusted EPS, excluding currency growth expectation, to be low-double digits. The guidance ranges still include the sale of the non-core SBS radio assets, which closed at the end of the second quarter, as well as the $50 million negative non-FX related impact from Russia. Before move onto Q&A, I want to update our full year foreign exchange impact on our 2015 results. While the dollar has been less volatile, there are slightly higher currency headwinds versus when we last reported, in large part due to Venezuela. At current spot rates, FX is now expected to reduce our constant currency guided revenues by $440 million, or roughly 7%, and adjusted OIBDA by $160 million, roughly 6%, versus our 2014 reported results. In addition, we are now disclosing that FX will have a $0.23 to $0.28 impact on adjusted EPS versus last year reported results, assuming no further below the line currency adjustments. Looking at our International Networks mix of currency exposures, the revenue mix in 2015 remains the same at around 30% euro, 30% Nordic, 20% US dollar, 10% British pound, and 5% Brazilian real. Our International Networks' adjusted OIBDA currency mix is forecasted to be around 25% euro, 25% Nordic, 15% real, 5% Russian ruble, 5% US dollar, and still slightly shorted British pound as our international headquarters are in London. Lastly, as a reminder, we have successfully hedged a portion of our currency exposures and did realize gains in these hedges in the first half. We only hedged about 60% of our international transactional exposures. We also do not hedge translational exposures, as these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting. In conclusion, as I look across our portfolio, I couldn't be happier with how we are currently positioned. Our current exposure to higher growth international markets is 50% and growing. And while we will continue to benefit from the global evolution of pay-TV and continued audience share gains, as we leverage our marquee content across our unmatched global distribution platforms, about half of our global revenues are locked in for the next several years to long-term affiliate agreements, both domestically and internationally. David and I look forward to discussing our compelling and highly unique portfolio positioning in more depth at our Investor Day on September 29. And now we would like to open the line up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Nomura. Please proceed.
Anthony DiClemente: Thank you very much. I have one for David and a couple quick ones for Andy. David, congratulations on the Comcast renewal. You mentioned that in your prepared remarks. You also mentioned the importance of data. So I thought I would ask about that. My understanding is that your content as you said will be deployed as part of the XFINITY TV Everywhere app. Do you guys have access to that viewership data? Some your peers have had network apps that are specific to the network. Just wondering as part of your deal, do you have the rights to launch your own authenticated network app as part of the deal? And if not, why not do that or do you plan to do that? And I'll come back for my questions for Andy. Thanks.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Anthony. The Comcast was one of the final pieces of this overall strategy over the last four years where we grew our viewership from 5% share of viewership on cable to 13% and to try and get more value and bigger increases. And so Comcast together with all of our deals to be in a position where we now can look forward and see high-single-digit affiliate growth in US, with all of our channels being carried with very limited exposure to this issue of skinny bundles, because almost all of our deals require that all of our channels be carried to a very high percentage of subscribers. It puts us in, I think, a very good position and makes the US for us, as we look forward, a growth market. And when we say high-single, we’re putting in there an expectation that the US, we recognize that it's mature, it's been declining at about 1%, and we think we can get high-single, even if that accelerates a little bit. And so the big piece here is that we really -- we have a very good affiliate revenue stream now. And as I mentioned, we still only represent about 5% or a little bit more than 5% of the economics, even though we’re 13% of viewership, before we’re at 3% or 3.5%. So we are quite a good bargain when someone is looking for content, whether it’d be new over-the-top platforms and so on. On the data piece, there is a data relationship with Comcast that we established. And I think that's critical because the data inside the box is very important. Comcast platform is probably the -- if not the best, it's certainly up there and the X1 platform is terrific. It's a leader in TV Everywhere, but it also is one of the real leaders in data capture, which could help us I think on the monetization side. So we were all in on TV Everywhere with Comcast and with Neil. We’re glad to have that deal behind us. The other piece is that we own all of our own content, which is quite unusual. And I think it's going to be a very important element as you look at the future of a mature market, because we own all of our content. We don’t have long-term commitments to sports. We don’t have long-term commitment to off-network and when we put our content on platforms, we get all the money. And so it gives us the chance to move our content on to platforms, but it also to the extent that the marketplace moves in a particular direction, we have real ability to maneuver from a cost perspective. We don't have any long-tail expensive programming cost.
Anthony DiClemente: Got you. Thanks. Thanks, David. And then, for Andy, just on the comment you made about cost -- the cost uptick in 3Q, why don’t if you just clarify, how is that breakdown U.S. versus international and specifically, which cost, I think ,you talked about programming being part of that -- timing of programming? And then the $0.23 to $0.28 of FX impact, could you give us, how that compares to what your prior expectation was as of last quarter? And then, sorry about this, but just had a last one, which was, sound like 3Q is going really well on the ad side, just wondering is it more so a function of ad demand and help of the scatter market or is it more so better audience delivery, given the strength that you guys have seen in terms of ratings in the month of July? Thanks.
Andy Warren: Okay, Anthony. Look, on the first question, I am very happy with our cost trends right now. I really feel like that the point from David’s comments, the fact that we, do we have more content cost flexibility. We definitely demonstrating a lot of coming to control around other non-content cost, particularly in SG&A and we are seeing that benefit over the last several quarters. To your point though in 3Q, we do expect double-digit increases for both domestic and international, predominantly on the content side, and little bit on the marketing side, as we are going to put some more support and tailwind behind some of our new program launches. So there definitely be a cost uptick in 3Q, but definitely I want to highlight the fact that that, as I think about our cost structures and I think about going forward, I feel really good about our sustained level of productivity and driving SG&A in particular to be kind of in that low single to mid single-digit range. The second question about the foreign exchange impact, yeah, it’s the $0.23 to $0.28 is the latest view, that's a few cents higher than we would have thought back on our May conference call. It's really highlighting more the fact that while euro has been relatively stable, given our global reach and global expansion of our platforms, clearly some other currencies in particular Venezuela and Brazil have continue to be some additional headwind. So we definitely do want to going forward continue to highlight for everyone kind of what the impact is on our adjusted EPS.
Anthony DiClemente: Okay. Thanks.
Andy Warren: And the third question ad sales trends? Yeah, look, it’s really the combination of both our performance and the market, we are, look, our deliveries are strong, particularly with Discovery, our sell-out has been strong, some of the overall ad sales trends around cancellations are kind of add normal levels, we are seeing some nice pricing on the scatter market and the fact that a lot of other networks have been more sold out, given some 80 new constraints and given our relative ratings performance, we add more capacity and so we have more impressions to monetize.
David Zaslav: For the first time I would say and we -- it’s too early to make any projections for where fourth quarter will be, but the marketplaces has absolutely picked up and the fact that we have rating points is allowing us to take advantage of that, scatter pricing has been fine for a long time, but the volume wasn't there, fourth quarter was quite weak, we pointed that out and it was a surprise. Second quarter was, okay, but third quarter really seems to be accelerating. It's too early to tell whether that will continue, but it's -- but it feels good right now.
Andy Warren: Yeah. And just to clear off that, six months ago, we all said around, I think, everyone in the industry and said, where is the money going, there is clearly less volume in the broadcast of 20 year ago and what we see today is that a meaningful shift out of broadcast both in the calendar and scatter, and we are seeing the benefit of that scatter today, not only from the standpoint of volume, our highest record ever of scatter volume in the second quarter, but also because we are still seen some good sustained pricing in the scatter market, that's helping us get an uptick in the third quarter, so some overall nice dynamics.
Anthony DiClemente: Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Kannan from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you. So just a question the Olympics, now that the deal is done and as you look forward into your affiliates, the levers, and the whole cycle when it comes to Eurosport going forward? What the end of operating leverage you see from this process, especially when it comes to Eurosport margins? I mean, you guys are still at the single-digits kind of margin profile and once this process is completed, are we looking at a substantial bump over where Eurosport was when you guys acquired this asset? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Well, I think, exactly how the Olympics will play out long-term and the impact, some of it, one of the reasons why we were really keen about getting the Olympics for the next decade and we get the rings and library and access right after Rio, is that we have on all platforms. And so, the one element here is positioning ourselves for the future, where between Eurosport where we own all the sports IP and we have Olympic sports, many of which are top sports in particular countries plus the Olympics. It positions us where for the long-term -- for the next 10 years we have must have IP and we've seen the response in the market in a meaningful way by a number of different players on all platforms, interested in talking to us about the Olympics. But also the sports content that leads up to the Olympics, so we can take you from Michael Phelps every event right up to the Gold Medal and so there's real value in that, we will try to figure that out. On the -- when we look at how the Olympics is done in Europe and I was involved with the Olympics for 15 years in the U.S., NBC was quite effective in evolving Olympics from being just the free to air product to free and air -- to free to air and cable, including getting incremental fees and incremental -- and lifting up the whole bundle of the NBC channels and then moving it on to other platforms. If you look at Europe, U.S. is about 300 million -- 330 million people. All rights in Europe are over 700 million people, but in almost every one of those markets it sort of where the U.S. was in 1992, basically almost only free to air in each country and they had been sold to free to air players and to the TBS to the public stations in each market, and so we are now the holder of that content, and we will look to monetize it together with all of our assets. So, I think, it's a little bit of a -- of a force pieces of data that look at just where Eurosport is, you will need to take a look at what is our affiliate revenue in the aggregate doing, what is our advertising revenue in the aggregate doing and what is our sponsorship advertising revenue in the aggregate look like. And as we mentioned earlier, we are pushing hard in over the top. I think we're the only company in Europe that's going directly to consumer with sports and we have over 300,000 subscribers now that are paying us between $6 and $8 a subscriber in order to get the Eurosport programming. So for the French Open instead of watching three quarts, if you had three Eurosport channels in your country you could watch 15 quarts, on cycling you can follow 15 cyclists. And so, this is -- we are really looking to restructure our company for significant growth in the future by better IP, while at the same time growing our linear platforms and I think, the Olympics together with Eurosport allows us to do that.
Andy Warren: And just to elaborate the question about margin, from a purely financial perspective, while Olympics will dilute margins for Eurosport and DNI. It is absolutely going to be both cash flow OIBDA and FTV positive. So when we look at the financials of Olympics standalone, couldn't be more enthused about the deal we did, the rights we have and the impacts it’s going to have on over our portfolio.
Kannan Venkateshwar: So just one follow-up question, I mean, you guys do have affiliate deals coming up much prior to the Olympics. So when should we start seeing some of these fee bumps as a result of the Olympics. I mean, is the 2016 kind of an event or is it further up?
David Zaslav: The cycle for our affiliate deals outside the U.S. are shorter. They tend to be about three years versus in the U.S. where they are five to seven years. And you’ll see it in two forms. You'll see it in an overall bundling. I oversaw the sale of the Olympics when I was at NBC and we were able to get several hundred million dollars for each Olympics. We’re not saying that that's exactly what we’re going to be able to do in Europe but we do think that we’ll be able to get some -- get meaningful fees for, whether it's by in the way that we carve it up charging for over the air us carrying it on cable, putting it on other platforms. And so some of it will be in the form of affiliate revenue and some of it will be in the form of the rights fees where we'll be giving away some of those rights to carry the Olympics and the Olympic programming that leads up to it.
Andy Warren: I think you'll see a similar kind of cadence that you saw from us in the U.S. As David said earlier, we committed four years ago as we're going into our renewal cycle and as we catch up unsure of wallet, catching up to share a viewership. Even you see an accretion on our U.S. distribution rates and you saw it went from 4% in ‘13 to 5% in ‘14 and 6% in ‘15 and you can see our growth accelerating in ‘16. As we said, it’s going to be a high single digit. I think the same kind of cadence will exist now for DNI. The combination of Eurosport, the combination of Olympics and that leverage we will have will allow us to continue to accrete on the affiliate line for the next several years at international.
David Zaslav: The other element, that's helpful here is we moved into Eastern and Western Europe, and viewed it four or five years ago was the new emerging market. So we’ve gone local in those markets. We launched free-to-air channels at a very low cost where we use our content to reach some markets that have low pay-TV. And we've done some more local content in markets. And with the largest pay-TV play around the world but internationally -- but in Europe, we are now by far the largest pay-TV media company. And the scale that we've been able to get by the growth of our pay-TV together with free-to-air puts us in a much better position as we sit down with distributors. And what’s happened, there is a lot of other companies that are local because of the fact that most countries are either in recession or flat and it's been a long haul. A lot of the local companies have spent less on content, which has helped us gain share and a lot of the players from outside have taken cost out and done the opposite rather than go local and spend more on content reduced. And so our market share is up. So we think that Eurosport in the Olympics together with our market share being up and people spending more time with our channels gives us over the next several years some upside as we pushed for higher pricing and we intend to do that and we've started to.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson, UBS. Please proceed.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. So David, with the total revenue now in good shape in the U.S., they are playing the model, of course, it’s on the advertising side, you're well aware of concerns that investors have for medias. I’m just curious how you feel non-fiction programming position looking forward versus the secular concerns of humans moving on Mars to general entertainment, OTT platforms like Netflix and then you also mentioned Discovery can close the gap further? And I'm thinking you're suggesting that OTT platforms is a place where you can get better pricing than you have in traditional deals and perhaps that suggest that you’ve got a good chart ingredient to Apple TV Phase1. But am I thinking about that comment right that Discovery can continue to close the gap on affiliate revenue in United States. Thanks.
David Zaslav: Well, first, we pivoted about a year and half ago back, hard back to core brand. I think that's one of the reasons why a lot of our channels are much stronger. In July, they have Discovery be the number one cable channel in America for men. There have been several months in the last eight months where Discovery has been with the core structure that's very different from entertainment and sports channels to be the number one cable channel. And remember 80% of that content, we get to reuse around the world. We don't rent it for just the U.S. So it's a very effective model. We also have seen that the amount of time that our content is DVR, it’s gone up significantly, which is why much people want our content. And we’re excited about going full into TV Everywhere. We think we'll learn more about that, our deal with Verizon. In Europe, we’re talking to a lot of different players. So I think we’ve the value gap right now, we were able to reach it with Verizon. We think our content is more valuable. We could be on every SVOD platform, if you want it to. But since we own all of our content, we can also go directly to consumer, which is very possible. And we’re doing it throughout -- we're doing it in Europe now with sports across all of Europe. We’re doing it in with entertainment content and sports content in a number of countries in northern Europe and Italy and so we have all that flexibility. My only point on the upside is that in a declining market where people are choosing channels, the fact that we are 13% or 14 channels or 13% of viewership on cable and we’re only 5% of the money, that’s not something to brag about. We were much lower. The good news is we've got a significant step up in big increases. But the -- I think the other piece of good news for us is that when people are looking to launch channels, they can get our channels whether they took eight of them or took 13 of them or 14 of them and even if we charge more, it's a lot less expensive than maybe than most of the channels. There are lot of the entertainment and sports channels that are in the inverse. They might have 5% of viewership and be 20% of the money. So I think it makes us quite attractive but also as we continue to make our case over the next several years, we grew share in the last couple of months. A lot of others are losing share. And so the fact that if we can continue to gain share as our deals come up, we’ll continue to do what we've done over the last four years, which is make the value argument that we’re under indexing on economics and they are trying continue to drive our affiliate line even in a marketplace that has some decline on subscribers.
Doug Mitchelson: I mean, that’s pretty interesting comment, David. If I could just follow-up on a comments around direct to consumer. Based on what you’ve seen in United States, I think you’ve talked about 1%, 1.5%, the core subscriber declines, obviously broadband, only homes are growing. Like what point do you think is optimal to consider launch share direct to consumer offering in United States. Is it now, is it three or is it five plus years?
David Zaslav: We are looking at everything. I think that the marketplace is actually quite stable. I think there's a lot of noise in the marketplace but I was at NBC when viewership on the networks were declining, they are still declining. The fact that that subscribers are going down 1%, 1 maybe close to 1.5, that's not a good thing. The fact that we have higher fees locked in, we could be in a position where we could say now that even if the advertising market is weakened, it ends up being flat. We still have a mid-single growth U.S. business which is only half of our company. And most of -- a lot of our growth is coming from outside the U.S. where there is still double-digit or better growth and the kind of general growth dynamics that we saw in the U.S. historically. The idea of going directly to consumer something we have every opportunity to do. We own all of our content. We have super fan groups. So I think we are very well-positioned. We are looking at everything but I think the marketplace at least for the next three years is going to stay relatively stable and we will probably have more people buying our content. And we will be in a position if we want to, at any moment to start picking off some of those super fan groups. That’s what we do in Europe. Viewership on Eurosport is up, but the people that absolutely love tennis, or love cycling, or love Olympic sports or winter sports, they are signing up for Eurosport and what we are finding is in most cases, they are there watching more Eurosport. But when they're out of their home, they want to be able to watch the sports they like. So for the near-term at least, we are double dipping. And the idea of having more than 300,000 people, we have their credit cards, we have a direct relationship, we could talk to them about what they like about our app, what they don't. We are learning an awful lot. So that if we want to move into any other region, we can.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank so much for all the help, David. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. I have a question for David and then follow-up for Andy. David, on the Olympics, can you just educate us a little bit on the sublicensing and any kind of regulations around keeping Olympic content on broadcast free-to-air? I know you’ve got a lot of markets where you free-to-air and a lot that you don't. And does the sort retrans kick in to this conversation, if you look at the duration of your Olympic deal with your free-to-air networks you started thinking about fighting for retrans fees in some of these markets? Any help would be great.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Ben. It is complex and I think it's one of our advantages. When you are looking at Europe, you are looking at 55 countries in 20 languages and different regulations in each country. The good news for us is that’s what we do for a living. We are already in all 55 of those countries. We have teams on the ground. We have an infrastructure that converts into every language. And so for us, it is what we do for a living. On the Olympic side, there are specific restrictions that the IOC has on how much has to be free-to-air for summer and for winter. And in some countries, the requirements that are in addition to the IOC requirements on free-to-air. We own all the rights and so for instance in the U.K., if the BBC has the rights then we would sit down with them historically and we can talk about how much we want to give them. We would look in most cases to preserve all the rights other than free-to-air. So, we could sub distribute the free-to-air rights. In many markets, we have free-to-air channels that meet the requirements in Italy, in Germany, in Spain, in the U.K., in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, Finland. So there are a lot of markets where we have the free-to-air rights and in that case, we will have to decide are we better off selling it to someone in that market, the free-to-air only? Maybe we sell 60% of the rights, hold back 40% for cable and then hold back all the rights for phone and other devices to go directly. We have plenty of time to think about it. The good news is it's been just free-to-air. And so when you look back at the early 90s, whenever Saul came up with this idea of you can be your producer. You could watch this on broadcast, swimming, but you could see diving and you could see cycling and you could see judo on cable. We could bring that to Europe and I think it could be quite effective. And we have the ability to make those decisions and we have the ability in many cases in many of the big markets to go all-in ourselves if we want to. And so, I think that gives us very good optionality.
Ben Swinburne: Great. And then Andy, just to clarify on the affiliate revenue growth in the U.S, so make sure I heard you right. So you are saying high single-digit in ’16. Is there any licensing revenue trends contemplated and are you excluding that? And then it sounded like that was the step-up, so it's sort of -- does it decelerate from there? I just want to make we heard you right because you gave a lot of good information.
Andy Warren: Yeah. That's right, Ben. We are looking at high single-digit next year that does not contemplate any licensing revenues. It's really all about step up. It's all about price escalators and even better than that, we've assumed a slight acceleration of the decline in the sub base.
Ben Swinburne: Okay. And then just on the rating agency comment, you said that they've changed the view of how they're looking at media company, so for us, equity investors. Can you just help us with -- what is your leverage today if you look at it as a rating agency and sort of where does it need to be, just so we can help triangulate all of the moving pieces here?
Andy Warren: The agencies have definitely taken a little more conservative view on the sector in total. When they think about the ad trans and they think about what’s happening with subscriber trends, they’ve taken a little more conservative view. Today, we are at about 3.3 times leverage. They like us to be, kind of in the low three times. So there is definitely little bit of debt paydown here that we want to pursue in the next, kind of six months to get more aligned with where they need to be. The 3.3 by the way is, to your question, the agency define leverage.
Ben Swinburne: Okay. Got it.
David Zaslav: On the subscriber fees, we are not guiding for beyond next year but the high single doesn't reflect a one-time only in terms of where we are. That's not like we're getting a big step-up here in and then there is something coming after that. We are guiding. We are saying that we got -- we are able to get a step-up over the last four years in each deal with significant increases and you'll see that coming through in the years ahead. And we are telling you that next year will be high single.
Andy Warren: Just to elaborate on that, all the deals that we’ve done including the Comcast deal certainly have year-over-year price escalators. So while there is nice step-up in year one beginning in January with Comcast, clearly all of the deals including Comcast have continued escalators beyond ’16.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield, BTIG.
Rich Greenfield: Hi. Quick couple of questions. David, I think you mentioned that you didn't have kind of long tail commitments, but as I look at what you're doing now in Europe with the Olympics, it seems like you are actually getting into some of the sports kind of very long-term big number commitment despite the rapidly changing landscape. And then just when you look at your commentary about kind of the ability to hit subscription numbers.  Clearly, we've gone from a video subscription base that’s been growing to a video subscription base that’s now declining, what gives you confidence that a one percentage decline or even a little bit larger than that is reasonable? Why can it be 4%, 5%? And the same thing with advertising because it seems like both advertising and subscription have gone from growth to kind of flat to negative? What gives you confidence that you can keep them in a moderation on the decline side or even towards flat? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Okay. Why don’t I hit you some quick. First of all, on the advertising side, we saw flat to slightly negative in fourth and first. We are now seeing a rise in advertising. So, I can't opine on where the advertising market is going to go, but I can say that the pricing in scatter has been good and that the market has picked up. I don't know if it will continue to. On the affiliate side, we’ve been able to get a step-up. So over the last four years, when a new deal comes in, we get a step-up and then we get increases. And even assuming that there's some decline, we see some very good affiliate growth over the next several years and that were okay. And so the way that we look at it is I say, okay, if we got high single affiliate growth, even if there is some decline and if the advertising market is even week, then we still have a mid-single growth business here in the U.S. And having that with the cost basis that's very manageable and probably lower than most where we get to reuse our content around the world, we then use that mid single growth business to fuel 65% or 70% of the content we need around the world where we are seeing much higher growth. And most of those countries outside the U.S. are not experiencing what you're talking. They are getting advertising growth. They are getting affiliate growth, our market share is growing. And so I think, we’ve really stabilized the U.S. business. I feel good about it. If you put in a lot of the parade, we still have a nice mid-single growth business. We’re not assuming that there is a dramatic tilt and tip but I don't see any -- despite all the headlines and discussions, anything that would make me in any way concern that there is a tilt, a meaningful tilt or tip over here. This is a mature market that's showing some decline. And we've stabilized it and we put ourselves in a position for a growth here. On the Europe side, we've actually done the opposite of what you’ve said. The only big ticket item that we've gotten is the Olympics. We paid a little less than $1.5 billion for four Olympic Games where we have very little cost until 2018. And we begin to get the Olympic library and the rings to use on Eurosport and use on Eurosport.com, which is the leader online beginning right after Rio. The rest of the sports rights that we've gotten and we've done over 50 deals, our most of the money goes to soccer. Soccer is like the NFL, times two in Europe. And distributors are fighting over who gets to get the soccer. We've opted out of that game. And we think we can get everything else and we can do it on a very reasonable basis and we can monetize it on our European platform and we can monetize it direct to consumer and online. We carry the clips of soccer on Eurosport.com, which is the equivalent of ESPN.com here in the U.S. it’s the leading online site but we don't need to own soccer. And so we have the Olympics together with a dominant position in everything else, which I think now that we own the Olympics and we have a relationship with the federations, we don’t see that the prices of speed skating is going to go up dramatically. And in fact in some of the markets where people have bid on soccer, they bid so much money that they’ve come to us and said, would you -- do you want to buy some of our other sports rights because we just had a step up with such increases on soccer. So, we think Eurosport will be EBITDA positive in itself and will lift our overall portfolio. And when you think of Eurosport as being in a 130 million homes and then another two or three sports channels and you think of where ESPN was years ago, we haven't begun to monetize the subscriber economics. We haven’t begun to aggressively -- we only started selling locally four months ago. We haven’t begun to monetize the advertising piece. And we have the IP and the Olympics, if we could do a little of what Iger has been able to do over the last 15 years, in gaining significant subscribers, building on the dominant platform that he has, and using it to build the rest of his company, we could have a hell of a business. And he did it with, in a marketplace that has 330 million homes with the leader in sports and have the Olympics in a next decade in a market that has 700 million homes but we’re not going to do the NFL, we’re not going to do soccer.
Rich Greenfield: Very helpful. Thank you for taking the time to answer that in full.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson, MoffettNathanson. Please proceed.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I’ll ask Andy quick one and David, another one. Andy, in terms of the rating agencies, I think some of us assume in the out years, your company, other companies borrow money to buy back stock. Do you know if that is a practice that you think more conservatively the agencies will fed upon in general, just basic to get leverage to buyback equity?
Andy Warren: No. Michael, I think it will. It comes down to an overall growth level of leverage. I think how that capital is deployed is still a very much up to the management teams. And look, for us, when I think about why there is a more nominal constraint for us in ‘15, I see enormous amount of capital growth and accretion in ‘16, based on much higher cash flows and our ability than to put leverage on that growth. And so to me, I don't see a constraint medium or long term and I see us having full flexibility in how we allocate that capital. This is really more of a short-term nuance just based on where our leverage is today, relative to where we wanted to be at year end.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. And David, something that you’ve not talked about regards to Comcast, is it just for advertising either in VOT or maybe two, otherwise you talk a bit about your view on when do you start monetizing some of those eyeballs that are awful in your feed? And when is that becoming a source of growth for you and for other people?
David Zaslav: Look, I think that what Neil and Brian have built with their platform and X1 is quite compelling and the type of viewership they’re getting and the acceptance of the platform. So, I think the first step for us was to get on it. I think the addressability of advertising, we do have that with some others to the extent that we were able to get that and work with Comcast on that, that will be an upside for us.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was our last question. Thank you for participating in the Q2 2015 Discovery Communications, Inc. earnings conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jackie Burka - Vice President of Investor Relations David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2015 Discovery Communications Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Allison, and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. Now I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Jackie Burka, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jackie Burka - Vice President of Investor Relations: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications 2015 first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy, and then we will open up the call for your questions. Please keep to one question so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2014 and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report that Discovery is off to a strong start to the year, and despite facing a challenging U.S. marketplace and increasing currency headwinds, we continue to execute our long-term strategy of investing in marquee content, leveraging at across our unmatched distribution platforms around the world, and driving operating momentum and strong financial results. Discovery was founded 30 years ago with a mission to satisfy curiosity, ignite minds and educate and entertain viewers. Our purpose-driven approach continues to drive our global content engine today. It sets us apart from our peers and propels our sustained ability to produce strong results over the long-term. Nowhere is that more clear than on our flagship Discovery Channel, which kicked off its 30th year on the air stronger than ever and has been resurgent from the second half of last year. Discovery had its best quarter ever in prime in the target demo, and its total viewers in the U.S. saw a double digit increase over a year ago. Rich Ross took over as President in January and is off to a fantastic start. While much of his creative vision won't hit the air until the third quarter and fourth quarter, Rich has already put forward and delivered results on a plan to diversify Discovery's audience, attracting more women, Millennials and co-viewing while continuing to nourish our core male audience and passionate super fans. For the quarter, Gold Rush was the number one unscripted show on cable with all male demos and the number seven with women 25 years old to 54 years old, and new hit series, Alaskan Bush People, was the number two unscripted show among men 25 years old to 54 years old on cable and was in the top 10 for women 25 years old to 54 years old. Both series made Discovery number one in all of cable on Friday nights among all demos, total viewers and households and proved there's a real opportunity to expand our audience mix on the network. In addition, for the quarter, Discovery was the number one network on all of cable for men 18 years old to 34 years old, which is a huge accomplishment, and this quarter we continue to lead as the number one network in most weeks. Discovery's programming success in the quarter wasn't just the U.S. phenomenon. Many of our top U.S. shows are hits around the globe. Discovery Channel's average international audience rose more than 5% last quarter with Gold Rush replicating its U.S. success; it is one of our top international series and Fast N' Loud and Misfit Garage are also off to strong starts overseas so far this quarter. Other wins included TLC's 19 Kids and Counting, which has recently made TLC the number one network for women on Tuesday night. The network's family-oriented characters have become pop culture magnets and continue to resonate and nourish super fans across Middle America and abroad. In international markets TLC's average audience rose 26% due to strong gains in the Netherlands and from successful launches in Germany last year and Hungary this quarter. In the U.S, our juggernaut, ID, posted its best quarter ever in prime and total day among total viewers and was a top three ad-supported cable network with women 25 years old to 54 years old in total day, fueled by ID super fans who watched the network for much longer than any other channel on cable. ID's launch late last year in India led to another impressive quarter of viewership gains internationally. The network's rapid global ascent is simply stunning. For the first four months of the year, Discovery's domestic portfolio has outperformed the market with particularly strong ratings in the month of April where we were up against an industry that was down mid-single digit. Turning to the advertising market, we were very pleased with our Upfront presentations over the past couple of months. After talking with clients and agencies last year, we decided to change our Upfront presentation strategy in 2015 through a series of up close and personal in-agency meetings in New York, Los Angeles and Chicago. It was a departure from the traditional stage presentation format and the response has been enthusiastic from top agencies, because we were able to get more senior and more robust attendance and engagement at their offices. In addition, there's been strong client response in these key sales markets. While it's certainly too early to make predictions on the Upfront, we feel confident that we articulated our content and sales strategy in the right agencies and clients in an effective and efficient manner and with leading growth metrics on our channels and strong on-brand networks, we believe we are well-positioned across our portfolio heading into this year's market. In the first quarter, we saw a nice acceleration from the fourth quarter with total U.S. ad sales up 400 basis points to 1%. Current trends seem relatively steady to slightly up. Pricing is healthy, but delivery and demand remain a little improved but still the challenge. Overall, in our projections, since we don't have visibility, we continue to expect the advertising market to remain tepid for the remainder of the year in our numbers. In terms of distribution, the deals we signed late last year in the U.S. all recognize the full value of our content, having grown from 7% of viewership on cable six years ago to more than 12% of viewership on cable today, underscoring the strong affiliate growth we experienced this quarter of 8%. I would note our Time Warner Cable rates we negotiated at the end of 2013 will be preserved now that they will not be merging with Comcast. However, as has been previously disclosed by Comcast, our renewal with them is upcoming. Like all other deals we negotiated over the past several years, we remain optimistic that Comcast and Discovery will be able to resolve a renewal that is fair and valuable for both companies. The U.S. market remains a strong cash flow business for us and will manage costs appropriately to maintain our industry-leading margins. Outside the U.S., our international business remains a focused and a growth engine. Beyond our homegrown brands in the U.S., our newest contributor to our international business is Eurosport. At the end of the month we will reach the one-year mark of taking control of Eurosport. We named a new CEO of Eurosport, sports veteran, Peter Hutton, who started in March and has moved quickly pursue new strategic rights to create new value on a local level and strengthen existing rights with additional exclusivities and more comprehensive coverage. The goal is to build at least two strong sports channels in every market by utilizing the Discovery model of sharing rights across channels and markets to drive investment efficiency and audience engagement. Simply put, we buy rights in three ways; pan-regional, like our deal for U.S. Major League Soccer rights for Europe to put on the broad platform, which reaches about 130 million homes across 55 countries in Europe, and it was the largest deal for the MLS outside the U.S. Two, would be multi-market deals, like MotoGP for Germany and Benelux, and, three, would be just local rights, like National Hockey rights in Sweden and the recently announced Champions League games airing in Singapore, which illustrates our commitment to strengthening our sports offering across Asia Pacific. In the case of the MotoGP, it is a major driver of our initial localization strategy in Germany, which improved ratings by 22% during the first quarter. We also just acquired exclusive German TV and digital rights for England's prestigious FA Cup Soccer. In the U.K., we won the rights for five more tennis tournaments for British Eurosport, and in France, we successfully bid on key local rugby rights, both of which feed the appetites of passionate local fans. All in all, more than 30 sports rights and IP deals in the last six months and we still expect Eurosport to have high single digit margins this year. Along with focused investments in key sports rights, we are bolstering Eurosport's production values and on-air talent to give the channels a new personality and build excitement and audiences. We recently announced that global tennis icon, Chris Evert, will provide expert analysis and commentary for the French Open, starring in a new show, Tennis Forever, along with Mats Wilander and Henri Leconte, who will be commentating and providing content in Paris. Regarding our broader IP investments, we also are very pleased with the progress at all3media, our joint venture with Liberty Global. Just last month, all3media acquired one of the U.K.'s most respected independent scripted production companies, Sam Mendes' Neal Street Productions, creators of the hit BBC series, Call the Midwife and Penny Dreadful for Showtime. The acquisition adds to our growing stable of creative worldwide producers and expands our ownership of valuable global IP. With an average of more than 10 channels in more than 220 countries, nearly 3 billion cumulative worldwide subscribers, we are pushing hard to expand our unmatched network on linear and digital platforms. Internationally, we again achieved new record reach in market share gains and we had 10% average audience growth across our entire global portfolio in the quarter; 10%. Our audience and share gains were led by our pay-TV channels in India, Brazil and Mexico, each of which just recorded their best quarter ever for Discovery Channel. Our free-to-air strategy is also paying dividends with our portfolio growing to an average audience of nearly 700,000 led by Discovery MAX in Spain, which grew audience by over 21% during the first quarter and we're seeing some real recovery in Spain which is providing real value. In the U.S. and internationally, we are leveraging our content in brands on new distribution platforms around the world as the ecosystem evolves. This strategy can also be summarized in a new mantra I've recently shared with our leadership team; maximize linear while aggressively attacking digital around the world. Owning our content has been a key differentiator for Discovery for 30 years. It allows us to be platform-ready and flexible in how we reach consumers as viewing habits change. Our recent affiliate deals have all included TV Everywhere rights. We are eager to work with our distribution partners to maximize the potential of this powerful non-linear platform as it's a win for operators, programmers and consumers. We'll continue to do our part to develop this platform in the months to come. Ultimately, we remain platform-agnostic as long as we receive the economics our content deserves. We're also aggressively pursuing new distribution platforms as the market evolves. Our content is valuable, and our new deals with Hulu and Sony's new PlayStation Vue recognize that value. In Europe, Discovery's leadership and market share are providing us a unique opportunity to launch new OTT products with the type of diverse must-have content that consumers love. Outside the U.S, we have two direct-to-consumer products, Dplay in select markets across Europe and the Eurosport Player, now available in 54 countries across Europe. I believe Discovery is holding a great hand as we have for the past 30 years. We're creating big brands, compelling stories and characters, and taking them around the world. We're focused on continuing to grow market share which translates into real economics, launching new channels and extending our reach into new markets and maybe most importantly, new platforms, and we're committed to our long-term strategy of investing in content, formats and IP. This is a strong start to the year, and we're making great progress toward delivering increased value to shareholders in 2015 and the years ahead. Finally, I'm excited to announce that we will host our first-ever Discovery Investor Day in New York City on September 29. We will send details over the next couple of months and look forward to sharing with you an in-depth look at our global business and strategy. With that, I will turn the call over to Andy to detail our strong first quarter financial results. Thanks so much.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Thanks, David, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As David mentioned, we're excited that Discovery is off to a very solid start to 2015. On a reported basis, total company first quarter revenues increased 9% and adjusted OIBDA increased 8%. As expected, given our increasingly international business mix, the continued strengthening of the dollar remained a major headwind and changes in currency rates reduced our reported revenue growth by 8% and reduced our adjusted OIBDA growth by 6%. Excluding currency, revenues and adjusted OIBDA were up an impressive 17% and 14%, respectively. On an organic basis, so excluding the impact of foreign currency as well as contributions from Eurosport and Discovery Family, which have not yet been fully lapped, total company revenues grew 6% and adjusted OIBDA grew 11% as revenue growth outpaced cost growth by 200 basis points. Our strong and successful cost discipline led to total company margins on an organic basis of 39%, up 200 basis points from the first quarter of 2014. Net income available to Discovery Communications of $250 million was up 9% from the first quarter a year ago, primarily driven by the strong operating performance in the current year and an $11 million year-over-year improvement in mark-to-market equity-based compensation, partially offset by a $12 million decline in equity earnings, $8 million of higher interest expense and $6 million of higher restructuring costs. As expected, equity earnings declined as positive first quarter earnings at OWN and other non-consolidated investments were partially offset by losses from our 50% stake in all3media, related to below the line items. We also lowered our effective tax rate another 200 basis points from the full year 2014 rate to 33% this quarter as we remain extremely focused on lowering both our effective and cash tax rates. We still expect our effective tax rate to be at or below 30% for fiscal 2017 which will drive net income growth as well as accelerate our free cash flow growth. Earnings per diluted share for the first quarter was $0.37, 12% above the first quarter a year ago. Adjusted earnings per diluted share, a more relevant metric from a comparability perspective that excludes the impact from acquisition-related non-cash amortization of intangible assets was $0.42, an 11% improvement versus Q1 2014. Excluding currency impacts, adjusted EPS was up 17% for the quarter. For the last 12 months, adjusted EPS was $1.89, up 12% over the prior 12 months. Free cash flow in the first quarter declined to $29 million as the strong operating performance and lower stock-based compensation were offset by timing of tax payments which increased approximately $180 million versus last year as well as by higher content payments. We still expect our full year free cash flow to be up low single digits versus 2014 but cash tax payments will be heavily weighted towards the first half of the year and will significantly subside in the second half. Turning now to the operating units; the U.S. Networks grew revenue 6%, led by positive advertising revenue growth of 1% and a very impressive 13% increase in distribution revenues. Our advertising revenue growth was due to higher pricing offsetting lower delivery. Delivery did improve slightly from Q4, led by the flagship Discovery Network, but was still down mid-single digits versus the first quarter of last year. As David mentioned, domestic ad trends have remained relatively steady to slightly better since we last reported and we still have a muted view of full year advertising growth. Our full year ad sales outcome will ultimately depend upon a variety of factors; the most important being our network ratings performance. Distribution revenues, excluding the impact from consolidating Discovery Family results, were up 8%, a 200 basis points improvement from the 6% organic growth rate in 2014, as we benefited from the higher rates regarded from our new deals with NCTC, Cablevision, Sony and others at the end of 2014, as well as from contributions from our new Hulu deal which started on January 1 of this year. As a reminder, unlike our prior SVOD deals, the revenue recognition for Hulu will be relatively smooth over the life of the contract and therefore, not a significant in any one quarter. So we will no longer be breaking out our digital licensing revenue separately. Turning to the cost side, operating expenses in the quarter were up 2% on a reported basis but were down 2%, excluding the Discovery Family consolidation. Excluding Family, cost of revenues were up 5%, while SG&A declined 11% in large part due to higher marketing spend on Klondike last year. Our focus on controlling costs led to domestic adjusted OIBDA growth of 10% on a reported basis versus last year's first quarter, and 6% excluding Family, and margins on a reported basis and excluding Family, both expanded by almost 200 basis points year-over-year to 57%. Now, reviewing our international operations; our international division delivered another quarter of strong results. On a reported basis, revenues grew 10% and reported adjusted OIBDA declined 2%. Excluding currency, revenues increased 27% and adjusted OIBDA increased 11% as changes in FX rates reduced revenue growth by 17% and adjusted OIBDA growth by 13% as a strengthening dollar remains a major headwind. On an organic basis, which excludes currency as well as the Eurosport acquisition, revenues and adjusted OIBDA increased 9% and 11%, respectively. For comparability purposes, by following international comments, we refer to organic results only, so they exclude the impacts of Eurosport and foreign exchange. The 9% first quarter revenue growth was led by 12% advertising growth and 6% distribution growth. Our advertising growth was broad-based as our industry-leading global distribution platform and IP enabled us to benefit from the continued growth in global pay-TV subscribers, while simultaneously taking share and increasing pricing at our existing networks while further rolling out our global TLC, ID and Velocity brands to more and more markets around the world. Excluding Russia, all regions except Asia, saw double digit ad growth increases, led by the continued success of our free-to-air initiatives across Europe and by Latin America, driven by increased volume in Brazil and Mexico. While organic advertising growth is expected to moderate in the second quarter, due to tough comps as well as elections this year in the U.K., we still expect full year organic advertising growth to be in the low double digit range. On the affiliate front, the 6% affiliate revenue increase in the quarter was driven primarily by another quarter of double digit growth in Latin America, due to higher rates and the continued expansion of pay television in key markets like Brazil, Mexico and Colombia. (25:32) also had solid growth as despite the renegotiation of deals in Russia and some recent contract terminations in the Ukraine, we benefited from continued growth in Germany and across Southeastern Europe. Due to the Ukraine terminations, plus a pivot to a dual pay, free-to-air strategy in certain Eastern European markets similar to the strategy that has been very successful for us in Germany, Italy, Spain and the U.K, we now expect organic affiliate growth each quarter this year to be in the mid-single digit to high single digit range. Turning to the cost side, operating expenses internationally grew 8% in the first quarter, primarily due to higher content amortization and increased personnel costs as we further localize our international businesses. Adjusted OIBDA grew 11% and international organic margins expanded fully 100 basis points to 34%. Taking a look at our overall financial position, in the first quarter we repurchased a total of $317 million worth of shares. We have now spent over $6 billion buying back shares since we began our buyback program at the end of 2010, and we've reduced our outstanding share count by 29% as we continue to find the return on repurchasing our shares very attractive. As we stated in our last year end call, we remain highly committed to our BBB rating, as we still expect to have approximately $1.5 billion of available capital for full year 2015 to fund both share repurchases, as well as to fund any additional M&A strategic investments, including the potential TF1 put for their remaining 49% in Eurosport. As a reminder, the first of their two put windows for TF1 will occur this summer from July through September, with the second window next summer during the same period. Turning to our full year guidance, excluding currency, we still expect full year 2015 revenues will grow in the high single digit to low double digit range, adjusted OIBDA will grow in the low single digit to mid-single digit range and adjusted EPS will grow in the high single digit to low double digit range. Growth will be driven by solid operating performance and a lower tax rate, partially offset by approximately $10 million of higher interest expense. We are reiterating our guidance despite our new news that we were selling the non-core SBS radio assets, as this will be mostly offset by the positive financial impact from Time Warner Cable not being acquired by Comcast. Additionally, note that this guidance has always included results from consolidating Eurosport France from the second quarter through year end, as that deal closed as expected and the guidance also still includes the $50 million negative impact from Russia. I will also highlight again that revenue growth this quarter will outpace adjusted OIBDA growth, mostly due to increased content spend at Eurosport, as we look to further bolster our investments in sport rights in the near-term in order to fully maximize the growth potential of the asset in the medium-term and long-term. Eurosport had no OIBDA margin in the first quarter, due to their first quarter being the seasonally lowest advertising quarter as there are far fewer sporting events aired in the first three months of the year. We still expect, though, that full year Eurosport margins will be in the high single digit range. As David highlighted, we remain extremely bullish on the prospects for Eurosport and expect our increased investments in sports rights to pay off both at Eurosport as well as across our entire international portfolio. In addition, our first quarter total company growth rates, excluding currency, were above the rates we guided to for the full year. We remind investors that top line growth, excluding currency, was always expected to peak in Q1, primarily due to the timing of the Eurosport transaction last year, which will begin to be lapped at the end of May. Also, cost comparisons get tougher as the year progresses. Before we move on to Q&A, I do want to update the expected foreign currency impact on our 2015 results, given that the dollar has further strengthened since we gave guidance on our year end call this past February. While we had successfully hedged a portion of our currency exposures and did realize gains on these hedges in the first quarter, we only hedged about 60% of our transactional exposures. We also do not hedge translational exposures, as these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting. Therefore, net of our hedging strategy at current spot rates, FX is now expected to reduce our constant currency guided revenue by $425 million, or roughly 6%, and adjusted OIBDA still by $150 million, also roughly 6% versus our 2014 reported results. Looking at our International Networks mix of currency exposures, the revenue mix in 2015 is expected to be around 30% euro, 30% Nordic, 20% U.S. dollar, 10% British pound and 5% Brazilian real. Our International Networks OIBDA currency mix is forecasted to be around 25% euro, 25% Nordic, 15% real, 5% Russian ruble, 5% U.S. dollar, and still slightly short to British pound as our international headquarters are in London. Lastly, as previously stated, we reiterate our guidance of reported free cash flow growth of low single digits in 2015, as we still expect significant growth in operating cash flow to be partially offset by higher full year cash taxes due to prior year timing benefits related to Section 181. We do expect cash taxes in 2016 to decline significantly as the cash tax deferral effect of 181 subsides. Thanks again for your time this morning and now David and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you very much. Please, stand by for your first question. And the first question comes from the line of John Janedis from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. David, as you mentioned, beyond Discovery, your ratings across your portfolio have largely decoupled from the industry this year. Can you talk about the drivers more so meaning is it a lot more original hours, a different way to promote them, and in the second quarter where ratings are scarce, can the gap in ad growth between you and the market widen further?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, thanks, John. First I would say broadly we've effected a strategy which we started about a year ago which is to get back to the core brands, and I think that's really working for us. I think there was some brand drift across the industry, there was some brand drift across our platforms, and in order to have our content working stronger here in the U.S. having more value to advertisers and working in a much more compelling way around the world. We got rid of some of the programming that wasn't on-brand. And so you really see that difference on Science, you see it on Discovery which has been two of the bigger drivers, having Discovery now as the number one network in America for men 18 years old to 49 years old for the majority of this year, and having that kind of leadership and having that content work around the world is a big deal for us. And it goes through every one of our channels that we've really focused on; what is the brand, how do we deliver on it. And I think that works also not only for around the world and in the U.S. but we own all that IP. And as this transitions to people want to be curated for the content they want, people knowing that when they go to Animal Planet or they go to Science or they go to Discovery or TLC or the Oprah Winfrey Network that they see content on-brand, it reinforces the viewership. I think that's one of the reasons why we're seeing gains. Quarter-to-date we're either up 1% or relatively flat against a market that's down 7% or 8% and in April we're seeing even better trends. So I think that pivot to being on-brand is really helping us, our GMs are really focused on using our 12% to 13% viewership on cable to promote between channels, which we think is much more effective. We did this in Latin America where we actually curate and let people know across our channels what's coming up. You're watching Discovery in Brazil and they'll tell you what's coming up on Science, what's coming up on Animal Planet, what's coming up on our car channel, and that had real value for us so we're starting to take that around the world. On the advertising side, I do think that with our ratings, the ratings momentum that we have and the brand strength, that if the volume is there, that we could do – that we can continue to accelerate a differential. The question on the advertising side is, will the volume be there? As we've said for our projections for the year, we're assuming it stays tepid. It's been slightly better. We've been able to take advantage of it to some extent, but if there was more volume we would have had a much more robust quarter. Because we had the inventory, we had the strength, we had very attractive demographics. And so we're not getting excited. We can't see really what's happening in the Upfront yet, although we've sold about 30% of the Upfront so far and we're staying conservative.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. That's helpful. Maybe separately, since last quarter's call there's been a lot of discussion about skinny bundles and where Discovery fits within them. How important is it for you to be a part of them? Do you think the Verizon offering will have broad appeal from consumers and does it pose risk to you or the ecosystem if others follow?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. I don't want to really speak too much about any particular player, but the ecosystem at least for the next few years, I believe, will stay together in terms of the overall majority. For most of our channels we have contractual agreements, long-term agreements that require 90%, 85%, 95% that our channels be provided. So the ability to just determine to offer a smaller bundle, I just don't see that as likely given the contractual obligations across the industry. Having said that, since we own all of our content, to the extent that others want to pick the best channels and make those available domestically and around the world or even take content outside of channels and offer them, that's more dollars for us and more opportunity. In the longer term, I think it's important for us to continue to keep the existing ecosystem, which is very favorable to us, and as we transition to fight for the right kind of economics, like platforms like TV Everywhere. So I think that you'll see it at the margins, if you look at what Charlie's doing, it's starting, it's growing small but there are certain gates on that in terms of its ability to be marketed to only subscribers that don't have cable. I think the Apple platform is interesting. And all these things are good if you own all of your content and you have content that people really want. And that's why we've been really focusing hard on our super fans, who loves Discovery, Science, Oprah, Animal Planet, ID, having really strong brands that people love that we can curate to is more important, I think we got out early on that and we'll continue to take advantage of it.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks. I have one for David and one for Andy. David, you were one of the only media companies and one of the only execs I know to stand up and oppose the Comcast deal. I wonder, do you feel retribution when that deal comes due later this quarter or do you think that the fact that you were so public gives you counterintuitively some protection that Comcast won't drop you because it's such a public squabble. So I wonder what was your thinking in going public and opposing that deal? And what do you expect to happen in the next quarter?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Michael. Well, first we didn't oppose the deal, what we said is we had some concerns about it. And at this point, look, we've always had great respect for Brian and for Neil and Steve Burke and I've worked with them over the last 30 years, they're very effective, they run a great company. And we've always managed to work together. The concerns that we raised, the concerns that we raise around the world, issues of what does consolidation do to content? What happens in terms of content investment; that's all behind us now. I think the goal for us and for Comcast is to find a deal that makes sense for both of us. We've been able to do over the last three years over 180 deals where we were happy, the distributors were happy. We represent between 12% and 13% of viewership on cable and we still only represent between 4% and 5% of the economics. So, I think we're quite attractive with Discovery as the number one network and TLC as number one in many of the markets in Middle America, and as we've said, a lot of the affinity channels that we have like Oprah and Science, we've had conversations and negotiations. I'm going to see Neil later after this call, I'm headed to Chicago. I saw Neil on Saturday night. And so I think that it's business as usual now. Comcast is a great company; they're going to look to create a deal that's fair for them and so will we and we have plenty of time and we're very hopeful that we'll get something done; I know they are, too.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay, hey, thanks, and let me ask Andy, when you look at your domestic cost growth for this year, what quarter or two quarters do you think just gives you the highest cost growth, could you talk a bit about your profile of expense growth domestically this year?
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Sure, Michael. Yes, we're very happy with how the cost trends have played out. We've been saying for a while now that we're committed to revenues growing faster than expense. We saw both in the U.S. and globally margin expansion in 2014 and in the first quarter of 2015 and we certainly see that trend continuing over time, but to answer your question we do think costs will uptick in the second quarter and third quarter based on predominantly timing of content, when they air and some marketing investments and then they will abate again in the fourth quarter. But, again, the focus on margin expansion both in the U.S. and internationally couldn't be more real and has been playing out very nicely for us.
Michael B. Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Thanks, Andy. Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you very much. The next question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, good morning. One for David; then I have a quick follow-up for Andy. David, you've acquired a lot of assets overseas to build scale. And I think at least some had the expectation that affiliate revenue growth over time might accelerate particularly in Europe given how much you've built the portfolio out. But it seems to be slowing and I think part of that might be by strategic design as you pivot a little bit more free-to-air but I don't want to over-read the quarter. So, could you just spend some time talking about the affiliate revenue growth outlook and maybe just the general strategy to drive the top line internationally given what you're seeing in the landscape over there?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Thanks, Ben. Look, I think that the fact that we have 10 traditional channels in 220 or 230 markets and now we have two to three sports channels across all of Europe, these are long cycle, these deals, and they take some time. What you've seen in the short-term is, given the geopolitical issues in the Ukraine, which as we all know what's happened there, we took a one-time only hit there from – because it's affected the cable market. And in one – Andy said markets, it's really one market in Eastern Europe, and we'll announce in the next few weeks which one it is. We've gone from a pay-only to pay and over-the-air, I think it's going to be quite effective for us, I think it's going to be a very good deal. It'll generate more value for us. We're able to – Turkey is a market, that doesn't have – oops, it doesn't have enough pay-TV, so that's a market that we're going free-to-air as well as pay. And we think we'll get pretty meaningful incremental value out of that. Having said that, we still think that you'll see a trend to high single and longer-term you will see some good affiliate growth as those deals come up, as we have an ability to take advantage of scale and the scale is part of the scale is our market share growth. One of the key elements for our growth as a company has been that we've been able to grow our market share outside the U.S. and it translates almost pretty efficiently to advertising revenue, and we're getting a little better at advertising revenue, so we're over delivering. So the fact that we were up 10% in market share around the world and then we were able to grow advertising 12% is really effective. And it's driven by our channels getting stronger, a little bit more localization, but also by the fact that we have real conviction across Eastern Europe and Western Europe, we have conviction in Latin America and in Asia. And a lot of the local players, as the economies have gotten more challenging, are spending less on content, and a lot of the U.S. players are pulling out and spending less on content. And so we've seen on average, mid-teen growth over the last four years and we expect that that's going to continue. We have an awful lot of momentum on our growth. And so, we remain very optimistic about our international business. We have between channels and free-to-air, as well as sports in Europe and leadership with kids in Latin America, a very strong hand. We are seeing a slowdown in Asia. So I would say an acceleration in Latin America, continued strong performance in Eastern Europe and Western Europe, with a little bit of a hiccup from some geopolitical. And the overall market in Asia outside of India, a little bit slow, that we were seeing double digit growth there over the years and that's really flattened now. But overall, I think our story's intact or better and we're aggregating a lot more IP under the covers. That's not only helping our market share and helping our brands around the world, but is better positioning us for the new world.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. And just quickly, Andy, on currency, it looks like it was an even more significant hit to the international advertising growth this quarter. If you could just remind us of how the ad exposure compares to affiliate? It looks like there was a, I mean, a bigger SKU in Latin America, I'm just guessing looking at the results.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yes, yes, the currencies continue to, Ben, as you know, to move against us. The ad sales exposure particularly with the euro, you look at some of the Nordic currencies, you look at Brazil, places where we have a greater proportion of free-to-air and ad dollars, that's where the currencies have moved against us. We have a success, though, if you look at what we said at year end, we said, well, the revenue impact from foreign exchange is going to be $350 million, $150 million OIBDA, we updated that today to say it's $475 million (sic) [$425 million] (46:49), and $150 million. So you do see that our hedging strategy is working, we are mitigating some of our bottom line exposures, but clearly the proportion of revenues coming out of Europe do dictate more ad sales impact.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: One last point, Ben, on advertising. There were some markets where I think a lot of the hard work that we've done will really pay off over the next couple of years. Some of the issues that we see, the gestational slowing of the U.S. and the question of what business models will emerge and how quickly and what will happen to bundling over the next five years to seven years, and outside the U.S, in a number of markets, particularly Latin America and India, it feels a lot like the U.S. did 10 years ago and a lot of what we see here will take many, many years. Brazil, for instance, reached 30% cable penetration last year. As a result of that, we saw 40% or 50% advertising gains. Brazil is probably our strongest market; we're the leader in kids, we're the number one cable channel in all of Brazil, not just for kids, we have a channel called Home & Health, which is like the Home & Garden of Latin America, and that's the number three channel for women down there and we have Discovery, so when you look at our 11 channels in Brazil, it's extremely strong, we have five of the top 15. And coming off of last year where it was up 40% to 50%, we're seeing growth this year of another 40% to 50%. And so, there is this moment in a lot of these markets where all of a sudden what was just DR starts to move over into advertising and you start to see the acceleration that we saw here in the U.S. in 1996, 1997, 1998. And so, Mexico and Brazil in particular I think are going to be engines that will really help us both gestationally, but also in terms of revenue growth because we have such strong content down there.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you very much. The next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. On the U.S. advertising front in the domestic networks, I guess my question is, I think you previously mentioned having less advertising spots this year. I guess, can you give us some color how you think that will give you some leverage, whether it's in the Upfront or just generally in pricing? And then, just a follow-up question that's still staying on the U.S. on the distribution front; I know you've said you're not going to break out the over-the-top or SVOD going forward, but maybe more generally speaking, how we should think about U.S. distribution growth and the relative mix of the long-term of sort of traditional versus non-traditional?
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, thanks so much. Look, I think there's always this balance, but we have opted not to add meaningful inventory into our services, and I think this is a key element for us. When people go to Discovery, when they go to Science, when they go to Animal Planet or Oprah, we think that the load is critical. So that 1% could've been higher if we added some more spots, there's no question about it. We're significantly less than a lot of our peers, but we think for long-term brand value that's important. And I think it's a philosophical long-term position for our company. We're still investing a lot in content, we're investing in IP, we're seeing how do we position Discovery so that we have more viewers, we have better content and we have more strength three years to four years from now than we do now. So, you won't see us adding a lot of minutes to make a good quarter. We're going to focus much more on are we getting more people enjoying spending time with our channels, are we building more characters and building more shows that could really work, not just on linear but outside of linear. Right now, SVOD is relatively immaterial here in the U.S. because we own all of our content and we have a 30-year library. We have a fair amount of optionality. And depending on how the marketplace develops, there's a chance for us to do that, but that would be upside. And if there is a change in the marketplace and there is curation directly to consumers even if that content is not brand new, the ability to develop content, which we've looked at, for instance, on Science, developing a Science app, it's already converted into 48 languages. There has been some interest, as we've looked into the marketplace for Science, there could be some interest in Animal Planet that we could offer, much like you would see a Silicon Valley new media company, where we could offer some of those worldwide concepts like Science or Animal Planet in an app around the world over-the-top with content that isn't even that fresh that could nourish an affinity group. And that could be incremental, but that's not built-in today.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: And just to add to the domestic distribution trend. This has been a multi-year effort for us. We've talked about our share of viewership is much higher than our share of wallet. So, the deals we've done in the last three years, we talked about the rate increases, we talked about the various economic benefits, and you see that in spades in the first quarter with the organic distribution rate up 8%. So that traction and those new deals continue to support not only our brands and our content but trying to close that gap between share of viewership and share of wallet.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Andy.
Operator: Thank you very much. The next question comes from Todd Juenger from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead, sir.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Oh, hi. Thanks a lot. I'll keep it to just one question at this point in the hour. Just like to turn back to content strategy and I guess related to expense also; I know Rich has now firmly installed and last quarter you mentioned several high-profile direct reports to Rich overseeing things like scripted or programming miniseries programming, you talked about broadening your appeal to more targets. I guess, one, listening to all of that could interpret that to sound like somewhat of a shift toward a little more scripted or, may I say, expensive-sounding programming, I just want to test you whether that would be a correct interpretation, whether you feel an imperative given the increasing on-demand consumption model to move to more sort of higher profile and maybe even scripted programming or would that be a misread, is it more just getting more to the core Discovery non-fiction plan? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, thanks, Todd. No, and, in fact, I would say that you'll see more resources going against our best characters and shows and against blue chip. And we have two initiatives there, and some of these actually are less expensive. We have a 30-year library of fantastic content in the space genre and natural history and some of it has been narrated or edited in a way that feels like it's a little bit old, and so one of the initiatives that John Hoffman is looking at with Rich is an initiative called, Hello world!. We have the best library in the world of content. And we're now working with a number of the best producers and musicians to create kind of a fresh, a refresh of a lot of the fantastic content that we have, so that we can get another shot at that. We also have an initiative called, Discovery Impact, which is a socially conscious, what's happening with the world, whether it relates to water or the environment or extinction of a lot of the animal races that were – racing extinction is just one of those. But we don't see a significant increase in investment. What we see is a hyper-focus on blue chip and the quality content, and we will be doing some stuff with John Goldwyn, who is great and he'll be overseeing scripted but we think we could do scripted in a much more efficient way; we're going to do it in more long form as opposed to one-offs and we'll do it with content that could work around the world so we could share it across 230 countries.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yes, and just to add the financial perspective on that, Todd, we still see the U.S. content growth being low-single digits to mid-single digits, international as being mid-single digits to high-single digits. So that parameter of how we see the cost trends does not change.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you very much. The next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Nomura. Please proceed. Thank you.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Thanks a lot. I have one for Andy and one for David. Andy, just on the buyback, going back to the TF1 put, you mentioned the $1.5 billion available for the year. Is it fair to assume that if you have no M&A and TF1 doesn't put their stake, that you'd use the majority or all of that $1.5 billion on buybacks? Can you just give us a little more there and then a follow-up for David?
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yes. Well, the answer is clearly yes, Anthony. We still see the $1.5 billion, as you said, of capital availability. Clearly, our priority would be on strategic bolt-on M&A and the TF1 put is part of that. But look, we couldn't be more bullish on our stock today. And I've said before, I'm a very simple free cash flow per share guy. When I look at that IRR, it's incredibly compelling to David and the board and I; so the answer is yes. That clearly is where we'd put available capital, staying within our BBB rating, which is an important strategic imperative for us.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great, thanks. And then, David, I couldn't help but notice that you mentioned that you thought Apple TV was interesting. Just wanted to probe a little bit there what you think is compelling about it for the consumer, and then would you consider doing a deal with Apple TV that encompassed only let's say a few of your networks as opposed to all of them? And then do you think that you'd include a robust portion of that 30-year library that you've mentioned; would VOD content from Discovery be a big piece of that sort of agreement (57:17)? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Anthony. We can't speak about any specific deal. Really, we are platform-agnostic. But I think as there is some transition within the marketplace, the fact that we have – that Discovery is stronger than it's ever been and is the number one channel for men 18 years old to 34 years old in America and we're winning a number of nights where we're even beating the broadcasters. The fact that TLC has real strength where we can be in a position where several nights a week in 40 of the Middle States in America we're the number one cable network for women and Oprah is – and Tyler, Tyler's programming when he goes on the air on OWN we have over a 20% share of the African-American community and Oprah's programming is working so well on OWN. And ID is the most – is the stickiest channel on cable. These become more and more important when people can make choices about what shows they want and what channels to put on different platforms and how much they're going to pay for those channels. Because in a world where there's a lot, a lot of opportunity, you want the best stuff with the most people that are yearning for it. For us, it's all about the economics. We want to make sure we get the right economics for our programming. We opted not to do certain SVOD deals in the U.S. because we didn't think the money was strong enough and we thought we'd rather hold on to it ourselves and either do something ourselves directly with consumers or do something with the existing distributors. And every time there's a new player in the market that's looking for content, if we as an industry can stay disciplined about economics and how that content is offered, it just reinforces the fact that whether it's Apple, whether it's a Sony device, whether it's a cable-distributed product or a satellite or any new device, those are all essentially, in the nicest way, they're a pipe or a device to a consumer. What the consumer really wants is great brands, great characters, great stories that make those devices or those interfaces come alive. And anybody that's going to curate on any of those platforms, no one's going to buy it for the pipe or the platform. And so, our mission stays the same, but even more focused on the best content, the best brands will make Discovery more successful in the future on every platform.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. This is the final question; it comes from the line of Rich Greenfield from BTIG. Please go ahead, sir.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Okay.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Rich?
Operator: Rich has disconnected, sir.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We have to wait for Rich, otherwise he's going to be mad at us. We don't want Rich mad at us.
Jackie Burka - Vice President of Investor Relations: One last question?
Operator: Okay. A couple of people have now disconnected. Please confirm who you want as your next question, please.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Is Rich back on?
Operator: He's not, sir. I have one final question now; it comes from the line of David Bank from RBC. Please proceed.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Wow. Okay. Well, thank you, Rich, for dropping off so I could get in here.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We didn't do that. We didn't do that.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And I assure you I didn't have him drop off either. So, look, to offer greater transparency in the affiliate growth, you kind of helpfully called out some of the drivers domestically for distribution, including the Sony distribution deal. I think, I can't remember if Andy or David called it out, but no good deed goes unpunished. Since you kind of called it out; is the Sony deal, and maybe – I know you don't want to talk about specific deals, but maybe talk about it as kind of a template generally for these kinds of deal. Was this more of a bulk take or pay kind of deal? Or was it based on existing subs during the quarter? How does it reflect a template as we see some of these new over-the-top IP-based cable systems or MPB systems rolling out? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, thanks, David. We just can't talk specifically about any one deal. Sony's a very good company and they're offering I think a platform that's interesting and we're rooting for them. We hope they, like every other platform out there, does well. I would say that when there's a new platform, if we have channels that have real leadership with affinity groups and we're very strong, particularly with young demos as we are across a lot of our portfolio, that it gives us a strong hand in those discussions. But, again, we're coming off a small base. When you look at our overall – the revenue that we take from the marketplace, most of the money goes to sports and retrans. And that's just – we don't complain about it because that's the way it works. But if you looked at those players, they would have a percentage of viewership and then the revenue would be a multiple, some percentage significantly higher than that. In our case, we have 12% trending toward 13% of viewership and we have between 3%, 4%, or 5% of the economics. And so, even when you look at those existing platforms, not only are we attractive because our content has some leading edge to it and the demos that we deliver, but even if we get what looks like a great deal for us or a very favorable deal, still compared with some of the other content that's out there, we're a pretty good buy. And I think that helps us, domestically and around the world, that to be the number one channel in America 18 years old to 49 years old and look at our cost base versus some of the guys that we compete with, including the sports guys, that's pretty compelling model. And that's pretty much true in the majority of countries around the world, that we're the number one channel for men in non-fiction. And in many of these countries where we've launched over-the-air Turbo channels, the demo is even younger. We're really in that 18 years old to 25 years old with the cars. And so, I think aggregating those audiences is going to be helpful and we tend to get much better deals with new players around the world. But it also is because our – the looks of our content compared to the sports guys is much more reasonable, and unscripted.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: And just to quickly clarify, David, the numbers.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes.
Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: It was a de minimis impact on our first quarter affiliate. The plus 8% was driven by the many deals we've gotten done, both at end of 2014 and the end of 2013. So that continued traction on the distribution line was more driven by the substantial increases on the base business.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks, Andy. Thank you, guys.
Jackie Burka - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jackie Burka - Vice President, Investor Relations David Zaslav - President and Chief Executive Officer Andy Warren - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Doug Mitchelson - UBS Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Todd Juenger - Sanford Bernstein Alexia Quadrani - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4 2014 Discovery Communications Inc. Earnings Conference Earnings Call. My name is Gem and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Jackie Burka, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma’am.
Jackie Burka: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications 2014 fourth quarter and year end earnings call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today’s call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy. After which, we will open up the call up to your questions. Please keep to one or two questions, so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2013 and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Last year, Discovery’s investment in content, brands and new international platforms generated more impressions in scale than ever before. Better than double-digit growth in international audiences, expansion of our global flagships into new markets and establishing the leading sports provider in Europe is creating strong operating leverage across the company and long-term value for advertisers, audiences, distributors and shareholders. 2015 marks Discovery’s 30th anniversary and we built our portfolio and brand through a consistent strategy. A strategy of investing in our channels and programming to take market share in the U.S. and market share around the world, investing in local teams, infrastructure and boots on the ground to drive our global business, and owning our rights and IP across platforms and regions to strengthen our network portfolio and provide the foundation for our direct-to-consumer offerings. The core of our strategy is to continue investing in content, which feeds an average of 10 channels in more than 220 countries and to grow our market share in markets around the world. This investment has paid off and our share of primetime viewers 25 to 54 in the U.S. has risen from 7% in 2008 to 12% today. Our international viewership continues to set records, gain share, and grow dollars in key markets around the world. We ended 2014 with nearly 3 billion cumulative global subscribers, up from 2.5 billion at the end of 2013. And we grew our average international audience by 13%. More people are spending more time with our content than ever before. Consumers all over the world are consuming more video and more programming than ever. Because we own the vast majority of our worldwide content and IP, we can take advantage of new ways to distribute and monetize our programming. New distributor entrants, over-the-top platforms, and SVOD expand our optionality and our chance to bring in more dollars and reach more people. Last quarter, we reached our first ever long-form distribution agreement with Hulu in the U.S., providing another strong brand in linear TV friendly environment for our content. And in terms of new marketplace entrants, we closed a favorable deal for all of our U.S. channels with Sony for its new cloud-based service, PlayStation Vue. Discovery has a direct-to-consumer business that is profitable and growing, something very few media companies can say. And our opportunities within this landscape are growing rapidly. A look at our recent progress in Europe gives us good reason to be optimistic about our near and long-term growth in this area. In Europe, we have gained subscriptions, valuable insights, and a new marketing and sales platform with our own direct-to-consumer products. One is Dplay in the Nordics and the other is the Eurosport Player, which we distribute across the continent. Those services have almost a quarter of a million subscribers bringing in an average of $8 per month in U.S. Our European OTT offerings is giving us a growing revenue stream, a growing direct-to-consumer offering and valuable learnings that we can apply in the U.S. and other markets. And we are just getting started. For 2015, our goals are to launch a new integrated platform to scale the back end for both services, deploy Dplay to additional markets across Europe and acquire specialty rights at a low cost to strengthen Eurosports Player and have its growth accelerate, and take all of our learnings and expertise to support the strategy we will be taking to distribution partners and consumers in the U.S., Latin America and around the world. You will hear much more about our products in this area in the months to come. Further demonstrating the value we continue to earn from our distributors, we completed strong renewals with all of our U.S. distribution partners for deals expiring at the end of 2014, including Suddenlink, Cablevision, NCTC and our latest distribution agreement, a strong renewal with Mediacom that we are announcing today. In addition to favorable economic terms, each agreement offers subscribers authenticated access to Discovery content inside and outside the home, a good start to building a robust U.S. TV Everywhere offering in earnest and another element of our strategy of capturing a growing share of the streaming audience. These renewals are critical components in growing our U.S. affiliate revenue line, driving our over-the-top offerings like TV Everywhere. And it demonstrates that the marketplace continues to place a high value on quality content and brands. Comcast announced last year that our deal with them is up at the end of June. As we all know, Comcast is a largest cable company, a key platform for any independent programmer, of which Discovery is the largest. With our deal coming up, we are hopeful that Comcast will negotiate in good faith, like all of our other distributors have over the last several years. We continue driving hard on development and a new pipeline of content across our networks here in the U.S. Discovery Channel was a top 4 cable channel for men last year and had five of the top 10 cable shows for men, led by Gold Rush at number one, Deadliest Catch at number three, and Fast N’ Loud at number four. So far this year, Discovery has vaulted to the number one non-sports cable network for men 25 to 54, a very strong position in the marketplace. And while Discovery Channel has some nice momentum, we believe its best days are ahead. In January, Rich Ross officially started. A terrific creative leader, who in less than two short months has reinvigorated our flagship channel. Rich secured the key strong leaders at Discovery and in addition has hired seasoned executives on Dave’s leadership team, including John Hoffman, a 17-year HBO veteran to lead our big tent pole specials and event programming and John Goldwyn, a long-time producer who has developed many feature films, and most recently Dexter to oversee Discovery Channel’s scripted and mini-series strategy. Rich and his team are planning on being very aggressive in developing both of these categories, such as Racing with Extinction, which debuted at Sundance and will be a global television event this fall as only Discovery can do with reach into over 500 million homes around the world. Following ratings softness last year, Animal Planet continues to build ratings momentum on the strength of series such as Treehouse Masters, Pit Bulls and Parolees and of course Puppy Bowl, which was once again the number one cable telecast on Super Bowl Sunday, drawing nearly 11 million total viewers, nearly 3 million streams, and reaching more than 17 million fans on social media. TLC also experienced some softness last year, largely driven by the cancellation of Here Comes Honey Boo Boo. We are moving forward by adding compelling new series like 90 Day Fiance, TLC’s highest rated freshman series of the year and My Big, Fat, Fabulous Life, which has been renewed for another season and performed extremely well. Joining our established series like 19 Kids and Counting, which helped make TLC the number one cable network for women on Tuesday nights. And last night was another big Tuesday for us. Our other U.S. brands continued to post impressive gains. ID was again number one in length of tune in all of TV, meaning ID viewers spent almost twice as much time watching ID on average than other cable networks. The network had its highest year ever for prime and total day and was the number five cable network for women 25 to 54 for all of 2014. The channel continues to defy gravity with passionate super fans. And Velocity continues to attract new audiences and posted impressive double-digit ratings gains in prime and total day for the year. Velocity also added 5 million U.S. subscribers in the past year and now reaches 61 million homes. We are focused on optimizing the programming and performance of the U.S., leveraging this content across our global footprint, and unlocking the value of Discovery’s distribution advantage around the world. Demonstrating our ability to light up our strong brands on a global basis, we launched our new brand Discovery Life in the U.S. and Poland on the same day in January. While we are not satisfied with our U.S. ratings performance in 2014 and with the softer U.S. ad sales in the second half of the year, it is important to note that we programmed for a global audience. River Monsters, Fast N' Loud, Dual Survival, Naked and Afraid, Gold Rush, MythBusters, Say Yes to the Dress, all reached more than 200 million global viewers each year. Developing such globally appealing shows drives our ability to gain share and reach new audiences around the world. While our ratings were down for the year in the United States, we set a new international record with the highest average audience in our history, up more than double-digit in market share. With new leadership at our flagship Discovery and momentum out of the gate in 2015, I am confident we have some real creative wind at our backs and a growing and dynamic development pipeline. The strengthening U.S. dollar had a big impact on our financial results last year across our entire global footprint. However, we are focused on the operating leverage we are creating. And concerns about currency headwinds aside, our international business remains the key differentiator among our U.S. peers and an engine that continues to have strong organic growth. During 2014, we hit two major inflection points, more than 50% of Discovery’s revenue comes from outside the U.S. and we generated more than $1 billion in international OIBDA. Discovery’s strong organic growth around the world is being driven by our distribution advantage, strong global brands, local managers and staff and smart, strategic acquisitions led by our new Eurosport brands across Europe and Asia. TLC launched in Germany last year and has grown audience across the Central and Eastern European region by 36%. We also super-sized TLC in Australia, with an improved channel position and tripled our female viewers. ID and Turbo are our hottest new global brands, set to fuel the next generation of worldwide growth. Now reaching over 100 million global homes, and since its launch in Denmark in November, ID has had fantastic success and already ranks as the number four of our nine pay-TV channels in Denmark, regularly generating between 2% and 4% share, despite not yet being fully distributed. Velocity’s international brand, which we call Turbo, is also taking off, particularly in Latin America. We have invested in Turbo and doubled the channel subscribers across the region to over 20 million homes. In fact, Turbo has greater distribution in Brazil after one year than many of the major brands have after 20 years in the market. We are on track to reach more than 125 million homes for Turbo by the end of 2015. Latin America continued to lead our organic growth with prime time ratings up 14% year-over-year, and our flagship channels, Discovery Channel, Discovery Kids and Discovery Home & Health ranked as top 10 channels across the region in the key market. Discovery Kids just earned its sixth straight year as the number one pay-TV channel in all of Brazil. Brazil is also a great example of the power of our global content engine. Dual Survival Brazil, a U.S. format with a locally produced version delivered the highest rating ever for Discovery Channel in the country. This is our fastest growing market in Latin America. Ad sales rose more than 40% year-over-year and pay-TV penetration rates are still just 30%. So we are excited about our continued strong position in this important market. In Europe, it has been nearly 9 months since we took majority control of Eurosport. And I am more excited than ever about this acquisition and the opportunities that lie ahead. Discovery is now the largest sports player in Eastern and Western Europe by a number of subscribers and feeds. Our integration efforts have been focused on going to market as one team, bringing greater scale and depth to distribution and ad sales, bolstering our strategic investments in sports rights to enhance Eurosport’s offering and strengthening the bundle of our combined portfolio of leading global brands. We are strengthening Eurosport’s pan-regional strategy of being the home of sports that are popular across Europe such as tennis, cycling, winter sports, with all rights and additional exclusively. We reached 130 million homes across Eastern and Western Europe. From May to year end, we signed 24 incremental deals including Spanish cycling, alpine sports across Europe, FIFA women’s world cup soccer, handball and hockey in the Nordics. And we continue to bolster our tennis and soccer rights. But we are doing it in an efficient and cost effective way. In addition, we are strengthening Eurosport’s local relevancy by acquiring must-have rights to both marquee sports and local sports incredibly important to European fans, while maximizing the distribution of our portfolio of channels. In addition to the content and sports rights, we have leveraged our local infrastructure and expertise to merge our distribution teams and have already completed 30 combined distribution deals. And our ad sales teams have sold our joint offering at many up fronts across Europe, highlighting the power of our combined brands and content offering, more than 10 channels in every market, which reaches all the key advertiser demos. To bolster our strategic leadership and capability in sports, we have hired sports industry veteran, Peter Hutton as CEO of Eurosport. Peter will use his more than 30 years in the business to lead our negotiations of key sports rights, launching new local feeds into larger advertising markets and to grow the Eurosport Player, which we are very excited about because it’s our first real success in direct-to-consumer across Eastern and Western Europe. And finally, in Asia, India’s portfolio of our established global brands achieved best ever audience levels for prime time and all day, with now eight networks in five languages reaching 260 million cumulative subscribers. And we are looking closely at what else we can do in India to capitalize on our local team, infrastructure, and strong brand position. With organic growth opportunities across our global platform and more ways to display and sell our content than ever before, we remain confident that Discovery is well-positioned to continue taking market share, deliver long-term growth and increase shareholder value in the years ahead. With that, I will turn the call over to Andy for details on our financial results.
Andy Warren: Thanks, David and thank you everyone for joining us today. As David highlighted, despite industry challenges and the domestic ad market and increasing foreign currency headwinds, our expansive network portfolio drove audience and market share gains around the globe. On a reported basis, total company revenue for the year increased 13% and adjusted OIBDA increased 4%. As expected, given that over half of our revenues are now outside the U.S., the strengthening dollar was a major headwind in 2014 as changes in currency rates had an approximately $100 million negative revenue impact and $70 million negative adjusted OIBDA impact versus 2013 and reduced our full year reported revenue growth by 2% and our adjusted OIBDA growth by 3%. It’s important to note that, but for the additional negative FX impact, since our November 4 earnings call, it would have been within our then guided full year OIBDA range. Total company organic revenues, which excludes the impact of foreign currency, SVOD licensing revenues, newly acquired businesses, and the consolidation of Discovery Family grew 7% and adjusted OIBDA grew 6% for the year as we further demonstrated our ability to deliver consistent financial results even as we continued to invest in building our networks and operations worldwide. Total company margins on an organic basis were 42% in line with 2013. Full year net income available to Discovery Communications grew 6% to $1.1 billion in 2014 primarily due to improved operating performance as well as $105 million decline in mark-to-market equity-based compensation, a $56 million decline of losses from hedging derivatives, and a $49 million decline in tax expense partially offset by a $74 million increase in restructuring costs associated with Discovery Family and Eurosport, and $63 million less in gains related to the Discovery Japan and Eurosport transactions. Our full year booked tax rate came down 300 basis points to 35%, as we remain laser focused on lowering both our effective and cash tax rates by fully utilizing the increasingly international mix of our business. We remain confident in our ability to bring our global effective tax rate to 30% or less for fiscal 2017, which will drive net income growth as well as accelerate our free cash flow growth. Earnings per diluted share were $1.66, as adjusted earnings per diluted share, a much more relevant metric from a comparability perspective as it excludes the impact from non-cash amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, was $1.84, a 13% improvement year-over-year. For the full year, free cash flow increased 2% to $1.2 billion driven by solid operating performance partially offset by higher content investments and cash tax payments. Content spend for the full year, excluding newly acquired businesses, increased mid single-digits. And as David discussed, this increased programming spend is delivering global audience market share growth and higher advertising revenue. Free cash flow per share, a critical metric for us and the metric that most influences our strategic planning and execution, was up even more as our share count continued to decline due to our buying back of $1.4 billion worth of our shares over the course of 2014. Focusing now in the fourth quarter, results only, foreign exchange had a 5% negative impact on revenue growth and a 6% negative impact on adjusted OIBDA growth. Excluding FX, licensing revenues, Eurosport, and Discovery Family, organic revenues are up 4% and organic adjusted OIBDA declined by 2%. Net income available to Discovery Communications decreased to $250 million in the fourth quarter primarily due to the before mentioned restructuring charges and lower equity earnings this quarter as positive earnings from OWN and other non-consolidated investments were more than offset by losses from our 50% stake in All3Media. All3Media had positive non-consolidated adjusted OIBDA in the fourth quarter, but amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and mark-to-market losses on both foreign currency and debt-related interest derivatives led to a net equity earnings loss as hedge accounting was not applied. Going forward, we expect All3Media’s adjusted OIBDA profits to continue. However, mark-to-market adjustments on derivatives used to hedge foreign currency and interest rate risks are included in their earnings and may cause their net results to fluctuate. Fourth quarter earnings per diluted share was $0.38 and adjusted EPS was $0.43 compared to $0.46 a year ago. Free cash flow increased an impressive 23% in the fourth quarter to $390 million as improved operating performance and lower tax payments were partially offset by higher content spend. Moving now to the individual operating units, U.S. networks fourth quarter revenue grew 1% on reported basis, but declined 1% excluding the consolidation of Discovery Family in the quarter and licensing revenues in the fourth quarter of 2013. Reported advertising revenues decreased 3% in the quarter due to lower delivery and demand. Delivery did improve slightly from Q3, but was still down mid single-digits versus the fourth quarter of 2013. Looking ahead to 2015, we expect U.S. ad sales to improve from the fourth quarter results driven by scatter pricing holding up nicely versus the upfront and modest volume growth. Our current assumption is that the overall advertising market will be relatively tepid this year, similar to 4Q ‘14, but our ultimate full year ad sales outcome will depend upon a variety of factors with the most important being our network delivery performance. Distribution revenues, excluding the impact from Discovery Family and licensing agreements were up 6% consistent with this year’s previously reported quarterly growth rates. Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2015 into it is a new Comcast carriage deal, we expect our organic distribution growth rate to continue to accelerate as we benefit from the higher rates we garnered from our new deals with NCTC, Cablevision, Sony and others at the end of 2014 as well as from our now recognizing revenues from our new Hulu deal. Note that unlike our SVOD deals in prior years, we expect the revenue recognition from Hulu to be relatively smooth over the life of the contract. For the full year, our domestic advertising revenues were up 2% as higher ad pricing and volume more than offset lower delivery and our distribution revenues were up 6%, excluding the impact of licensing agreements and Discovery Family consolidation. Turning to the cost side of our U.S. networks, fourth quarter organic domestic operating expenses were up 6% as cost of revenues were up 15% primarily due to the Wallenda event, while SG&A was down 8% driven by aggressive base cost productivity and lower marketing costs. For the full year, domestic adjusted OIBDA was down 2% on a reported basis, but increased 2% excluding the impact of Discovery Family and licensing agreements. Turning to the international segment, our international networks delivered another quarter of strong results capping off another exceptional year. Our reported Q4 international revenues were up 17% and adjusted OIBDA was up 11%, while reported full year revenues were up 28% and adjusted OIBDA was up 18%. Foreign exchange reduced fourth quarter international revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth rates by 10% and 13% respectively and full year revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth rates were reduced by 4% and 8% respectively. Reported results also include the results of Eurosport from May 2014 and of SBS from April 2013. For comparability purposes, the international commentary that follows will refer to our organic results only. They exclude Eurosport’s results for all periods and excludes SBS’ first quarter 2014 results. They also exclude the impact of foreign exchange. Fourth quarter international revenues were up 8%, led by 10% advertising growth and 8% distribution growth. Advertising, again, grew double-digits in the fourth quarter led by Western Europe, primarily from the continued success of our free-to-air initiatives and to a lesser extent the Latin America from higher volumes, especially in Brazil. Affiliate revenues had another robust quarter of 8% growth, driven primarily by subscriber growth and higher pricing, especially in Latin America. For the full year organic advertising revenues were up 14% and organic distribution revenues were up 9%, both very impressive growth rates that reflect the vitality of our international business. Looking ahead to 2015, we expect organic international advertising to grow consistent with the double-digit increases we delivered in the fourth quarter of 2014, even including the ad sales ban in Russia. While organic affiliate revenues should grow high single-digits, despite the overall slowing growth of the international pay-TV market and the negative impact from renegotiating several affiliate deals in Russia as a result of the heavy devaluation of the ruble and the collapse of their economy. Turning to the cost side, organic operating costs internationally were up 4% in the fourth quarter, primarily driven by higher content amortization, partially offset by a decline in SG&A. Our focus and ability to grow revenues faster than costs led to international organic adjusted OIBDA growing 15% and organic margin expanding 300 basis points in the quarter to 41%. For the full year international organic adjusted OIBDA was up 16%, and organic margins were up fully 200 basis points to 40%. Focusing now on education and studios businesses, we reorganized all of our existing and newly acquired global studio production assets into a standalone operating division and reclassified these results out of our U.S., international network segments and combined them with our education segment. This redefined and growing segment posted a 14% increase in revenues for the year, mostly driven by the acquisitions of Raw on the studio side and Espresso on the education side, as well as strong acceptance of our recently launched education digital textbooks. Adjusted OIBDA was down year-over-year. Going forward in 2015, we will again be minimal profits in this division as we continued to invest in growing both our education textbooks business and our studio IP and owned content. Now, moving to our go forward capital allocation policies and commitments, it is very important to remind investors that our first priority remains investing in our core business to drive sustained, long-term organic growth. Our second priority is investing in strategic bolt-on acquisitions such as Eurosport to strengthen our global platforms. And our third priority remains returning capital to shareholders through execution of our share repurchase program. In 2014, we repurchased over $1.4 billion worth of our shares. We have now spent over $5.7 billion buying back shares since we began our buyback program at the end of 2010. And we have reduced our outstanding share count by 27% as we find the return on repurchasing our own shares very attractive. As we articulate our 2015 capital allocation expectations, we remain highly committed to our BBB rating, especially given the current global economic uncertainties. Therefore, we currently expect to have approximately $1.5 billion of available capital for full year 2015 to fund both share repurchases, as well as to fund any additional strategic M&A investments, including the potential TF1 put for the remaining 49% stake in Eurosport. As you may recall, TF1 is a put right for their 49% stake from this July through September as well as the same period in 2016. Separately, our calculated free cash flow per share IRR remains very compelling, so we expect to continue to allocate a sustained and growing amount of our capital to share repurchases in future years. Now, let’s focus on our 2015 guidance. We expect foreign currency headwinds to persist this year and are therefore changing the way we issue guidance to exclude the impact of currency movements in order to provide investors a clearer view of our local currency based business. Given this, we expect that full year 2015 revenues will grow in the high single to low double-digit range, adjusted OIBDA will grow in the low to mid single-digit range and adjusted EPS will grow in the high single to low double-digit range, driven by the solid operating performance and a lower tax rate partially offset by approximately $25 million of higher interest expense. It is important to highlight and appreciate that the different geopolitical situation in Russia is adversely impacting this revenue guidance range by approximately $50 million driven by the cable ad sales ban as well as a necessity to renegotiate several preexisting affiliate contracts in the region. Revenue growth in 2015 will outpace adjusted OIBDA growth. Mostly due to increased content spend at Eurosport. After 9 months of controlling the asset, we have now determined that we must bolster our investments in sports rights in the near-term in order to fully maximize the growth potential of the asset in the medium and long-term. But we will be very diligent and selective about which sports rights we pursue to drive a long-term cost effective market influence in growth. We do intend to make 2015 a year of real investment in the business with full year Eurosport margins down from high-teens in 2014 to high single-digits in 2015. As David highlighted, we see very compelling potential for Eurosport, even more upside than we thought when we bought the asset and the business 2 years ago. And fully expect these increased sports rights investments to pay off both at Eurosport as well as across our entire international portfolio. Let me now further clarify the foreign exchange impact on our 2015 results. At current spot rates, FX is reducing our constant currency guided revenue by $350 million or roughly 6% and adjusted OIBDA by $150 million, also roughly 6% versus our 2014 reported results. Looking at our international networks mix of currency exposures, the revenue mix in 2015 is expected to be around 30% euro, 30% Nordic, 20% U.S. dollar, 10% British pound and 5% Brazilian real. Our international networks adjusted OIBDA currency mix is forecasted to be about 25% euro, 25% Nordic, 15% real, 5% Russian ruble, 5% U.S. dollar and still slightly short the British pound as our international headquarters are in London. Lastly, we anticipate reported free cash flow growth of low single-digits in 2015, with growth in cash flow from operating businesses partially offset by higher cash taxes due to prior year timing benefits related to Section 181. We do expect cash taxes in 2016 to decline significantly as the cash tax deferral effect of 181 subsides. Thanks again for your time this morning. And now David and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. David, could you talk a little bit more – I know you said there is going to be more information over the next couple of months, but there was some really interesting comments about direct-to-consumer in your opening remarks, what are you learning so far in Europe about the appetite for consumers to buy your content directly and it sounds like you think that’s the way the world is headed in the U.S., which at least to me seems like a shift in maybe your thinking, can you talk about how that thinking has evolved? And then I just had a quick follow-up for Andy on some of the guidance points.
David Zaslav: Sure. Thanks Ben. Look, I think that the existing marketplace in the U.S. is going to stay as it is. I don’t think it’s going to grow the ecosystem in terms of the basic cable bundle, but it seems to be quite stable. What we are learning outside the U.S. we are – is that if we have super fan content, our Eurosport app that’s $8 a month, we are getting big spikes before the Australian Open with people signing up, where they can get eight courts. It’s not affecting our viewership on Eurosport at all. We got a big spike right before the Tour de France. So that owning sports rights, particularly for affinity groups, we don’t need to own the big soccer. And so we have been out acquiring a lot of specialty rights that we think can really bolster that business. And with 250,000 people and growing, we are talking to them. We are seeing what they like. And so I think if anything we have learned that the superfan group gives really valuable that people still love to watch TV traditionally, but when they are going out of their home and there is something that they really love and sports is probably the easiest one. The other area that we think we have a real chance to monetize is down in Latin America, where we have kids, which is another sports and kids being probably the two areas that most lend themselves to the superfan and the direct-to-consumer. But we are also offering an over-the-top service in Northern Europe, in Norway, Denmark, Sweden and Finland with Dplay and we are finding some success with that. Here in the U.S., we are hoping that TV Everywhere continues to grow. We were very effective in getting our deals done at the end of the year with big step-ups and double-digit increases. You see our increased distribution fees coming through. It was six last year. We expected though that they will grow outside of Comcast high single and drive to double-digit. So, we are getting real value for our content. TV Everywhere will help that and be additive. We did Hulu. We did Sony. The good news for us is we own all of our content. There is great superfans for Oprah. We have superfans for Science. Discovery is the number one network for men again. And so, we believe our content has a lot of value. We just have to figure out how to do it. The best way would be a broad deployment of TV Everywhere in the U.S. and maybe taking some of our superfan affinity groups and going after them, the way Oprah is now with offering courses for $60 or $70 to do deep dives. But I think that the ecosystem here in the U.S. is going to stay basically as it is for the next 3 years. And the question is 4, 5, 6 years from now, will there be a peel off of this direct-to-consumer business? I think mostly in the U.S., if TV Everywhere doesn’t develop the way that it should, which would be a positive for all of us, and if it doesn’t it would be – it will require all of us to go directly to consumer, because the cable guys aren’t getting it done.
Ben Swinburne: That makes sense. And then just Andy, you gave us a lot to chew on there right at the end on guidance. On your domestic advertising comments, can you just give us a little more color on what you are expecting for Q1? I couldn’t tell if you were saying you think that the business will grow or just improve and then your comments for the year about the market being tepid, it sounds like you are assuming a pretty flattish year for ad growth in ‘15, but I was wondering if you could add any comments there?
Andy Warren: Yes, sure, Ben. So look for the first quarter, what we said was we expect U.S. ad sales to accelerate from the down three we experienced in the fourth quarter. So, we do see pricing that’s solid relative to the upfront. We are seeing cancellations and options that are kind of at or better than normal levels. Look, the biggest determiner for us will continue to be the variability of our delivery. So, we definitely see still a relatively tepid environment. It’s kind of the word we used and carefully chose that word, but we do think we will have a slightly better performance in the first quarter and that kind of continued slightly better performance than the fourth quarter throughout 2015.
David Zaslav: The area that we are seeing improvement is in volume. For our guidance, we have assumed that it will remain tepid for the year. So far, 5, 6weeks in, it’s better than what we have projected, but we really don’t have a lot of visibility to how it’s going to be for the next three quarters and so we have assumed that it’s going to be tepid.
Ben Swinburne: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Nomura. Please proceed.
Anthony DiClemente: Thank you very much. I just have one for David and one for Andy. David, just on the Discovery Channel and the evolution of leadership at the network, now that Rich Ross has started, I am wondering if you think there is going to be a shift in the programming strategy there? Maybe to broaden the appeal of Discovery, you mentioned you guys are global and the global appeal of your programming strategically, but I am also thinking in terms of broadening perhaps the target demographics for Discovery here in the U.S.? And then for Andy, I just had a quick one, which was you guys in the quarter reclassified some of your OIBDA losses, I guess from your U.S. and the international segments into education. And just to kind of help us get the model right for 2015, I was wondering if you can quantify the impact of that, what’s implied in your guidance, just in terms of the different breakout of OIBDA in those three segments? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Anthony. Look, I think that when we look at Discovery Channel in general, we feel great about it. First, it’s terrific to have a strong creative leader with Rich there. And he has brought on a few good people in areas where we thought that we could build on. And we also have a great team at Discovery. But when you look at Discovery last year, it was flat. Outside the U.S., we were up double-digit. So, we are up in 229 countries double-digit and in the U.S. we are flat. One thing to remember is we program our channels, Discovery, Animal Planet, Science, TLC, ID, we program these globally, Velocity, but it gives us tremendous leverage. So, the fact that in 229 countries we were up double-digit, and in the U.S., we were flat. That actually was a successful year for us. We are not satisfied, because the U.S. is a big market and we want to drive it. The good news is that Discovery has shown a tremendous amount of strength coming into this first – into the first 6 weeks of the year. We are up more than 20% from where we were in the third and fourth quarter. Discovery is now the number one non-sports network in America, every week of the last 6 weeks. On Friday nights, Discovery is the number one network in America, including the broadcasters for men. And to your point, one of Rich’s key initiatives is to bring more women back. If you look at Discovery outside the U.S., we have much more co-viewing in terms of a younger demographic and we have much more women watching. And we have taken a big step on Friday nights, where we have Gold Rush and Alaskan Bush. Not only we are the number one network feeding to broadcasters, but Alaskan Bush is the number one network – we are the number one network for women on Friday night from 10:00 to 11:00. And so this drive of bringing back women and bringing back a younger generation to co-view, which is something we saw here in the U.S., we got away from a little bit in the last 2 or 3 years. Rich is target focused on that, but Discovery is very strong. It’s strong here in the U.S., it’s strong around the world. And I think Rich is going to take it to the next level. On the issue of pushing our programming a little bit, we – right now, we have – we are going to get back to some of our traditional programming, a little bit more of our natural history, science and space. That stuff is working much better outside the U.S. and we want the big blue chip stuff. So, we will drive that. And we will also push on some scripted, but it’s going to be – it won’t be a lot, it will be just some, because we think it needs to be part of the overall recipe. And when we do it we will be doing it with content that works around the world. And we do make choices. If we wanted Discovery to be up 5% or 6% last year, we could have done it. We opted not to do certain programming that we thought would do well in the U.S., but wouldn’t play well outside the U.S. And so, our sharing ratio was up to 85, which makes us more efficient and the scripted programming that we’ll do and Rich has one scripted series that we think is going to be very strong around the world.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks, David.
Andy Warren: Your question Anthony about the segment reporting, a couple of comments. We wanted for investors to clarify and simplify kind of how we look at the business. Obviously, the studio business is very different from the networks business. So, as we have invested in IP as we have grown our presence in the studio business, we wanted to separate that and have it clarified so that the U.S. networks, international networks will truly stand alone. So, within this new segment called education and studios, we do expect for 2015 education have a slightly lower OIBDA than it had in 2014 as we invest in a longer cycle tech book. And also we expect studios to have a continued loss profile as again we build that asset and own more and more global IP. So think in terms of that segment, while I understand that OIBDA was meaningfully down in the fourth quarter, driven by again investment in assets, particularly long cycle tech book as well as studio IP. And we expect in ‘15 again that to be roughly breakeven to OIBDA for that segment.
Anthony DiClemente: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays. Please proceed.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you. Just a couple of questions. The first is on the operating leverage in the international business, it looks like the content investments there, especially in sports we keep going up. But on the other hand, is there any offset in terms of maybe integrating the sales forces or other cost items that we can expect now that we have been a few months into the Eurosports? And the second question is on the FX side, could you break out for us what the cash impact of FX is or is it largely a translation impact that we are looking at right now? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Thanks Kannan. Look, on the international rights that we are acquiring, one of the advantages that I think we have with Eurosport, we reach 130 million homes with our Eurosport Pan-European feed. And then we have another two to three channels in the 55 countries across Eastern and Western Europe. Unlike the U.S., where it’s football, baseball and basketball, which are very popular, and if you are in sports you have to have those three, the equivalent of that would be soccer. But aside from soccer, there are affinity sports that are very popular in some regions and not so popular in others. So we have been able to pick up sports rights I think for very, very good values. Now, we are investing because we think having those rights will build our over the top service, where we make almost $100 a subscriber. We also see that we don’t – when we look at Eurosport, we look at it as how does it build our whole package. So we might have three sports channels, but then we have another ten channels. And we have integrated on distribution and on the ad sales side with very little incremental cost because we already had local teams in place. And we are finding that the ability to go to the distributor with all of it will get us more value. And so you might see Eurosport’s margins dropping as it’s broken out individually. But the overall package of international will be rising and we think we will accelerate, because having these must have rights together with our ten channels, we are in almost every market, Discovery is the number one market for men, we have women’s channels will give us more strength. In addition, we are going to be careful. We looked at Formula 1 and we like the idea of Formula 1, because it’s popular in 220 of our 230 countries, but the valuation was just way too high, so we walked away. Andy?
Andy Warren: Yes. Kannan to add to that, we have said that a strategic and financial imperative for us is to grow our margin for our international business and you can see that we did that by 200 basis points in 2014. So to your point, we are definitely seeing and driving that leverage. So as we think about 2015, while investing in sports and that will create a lot of long-term leverage in value, we will depress margins. Outside Eurosport and outside foreign exchange, we still see margin accretion for international business. Even despite what I mentioned was that $50 million bad guy associated with the collapse of the Russian currency and the economy. So we still see that operating leverage. We are having a lot of success on cost productivity. We have done a really good job on driving cost synergies above SBS and Eurosport. So we are going to invest in content that drives value. We are going to continue to look at cost productivity to ensure base organic margins are up year over year over year.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thanks. And could you help with the FX question? Which is, is it largely translation and there is no real cash impact?
Andy Warren: No, there is definitely a cash impact as well. While it is translation, there is – when the day is done, this is both a transactional and translation risk. So, our all-in reported free cash flow expectation of up low single-digits certainly includes the fact that FX is depressing our currency impact of cash flows as well.
David Zaslav: And when we look at our international business, we have full conviction and we – we have full conviction because these things are cyclical. We are looking at growing our international business double-digit. We are looking at drive. We have our local teams in place. Our market share grew over 13% last year. We think we can do that again this year. A lot of others are not investing internationally. Our model of global brands and global content gives us tremendous efficiency. And we love our international business. I think over time, things can flip the other way, where it’s working for us, but we are continuing to drive our market share and we are being helped by the fact that others are walking away. We also have conviction in Russia. We have a big business there. We have great brands and there is some challenges, in terms of the politics. But having said that, by the end of the year we need to restructure where we own only 20% of the entity, but there has been a lot of interest in our brands, in our content, in getting us value for that and there has also been some green shoots around Putin looking again at pay-TV. So for us, we think Russia is a long-term growth market. There is certainly a lot of turbulence there, but our cost of content is very low. We have a huge amount of content in Russian language that’s already there and relationships. So while others are saying let’s invest less internationally and let’s walk away from Russia, we are staying in Russia and we are continuing to push very hard on international, where we see not only great growth, but a lot of what we have talked about in terms of what’s facing the U.S. market, the slowing behavioral changes in the way content is consumed. Latin America is 4 years, 5 years, 6 years behind. There are markets in Eastern Europe that may be more than that. So we see it as a big hedge and a big opportunity to take advantage of what we have built over the last 7 years or 8 years.
Andy Warren: Just to add one other point, because we have the most profitable international business, obviously, the strengthening dollar impacts us significantly, but it’s important to realize that a lot of the things that we have done with regard to like issuing euro debt a year ago, the TF1 put that’s opened, all of those actually are helping us the other way. In dollar terms, that Euro debt is now less expensive. The put in dollar terms is now less expensive. And so a lot of those activities actually help to offset the dollar translation of our very profitable business.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson from UBS. Please proceed.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. David, you talked a lot about programming strategies on the call. Nancy Dubuc, CEO of A&E recently lamented the lack of creativity and risk taking. She has been seen in the nonfiction genre the last couple of years and still a pretty sort of core genre for you, I am curious, David, would you agree with that characterization. And whether you agree or disagree, can you walk us through how the market for nonfiction has been changing over time, in your view. And Andy, I am not very good at math, so I just wanted to make sure I am doing the guidance correctly is $1.82 to $1.91 sort of basically the EPS after FX impact range you are giving us, FX impact about $0.16, am I doing that math right? Thank you both.
David Zaslav: Okay. Thanks Doug. Nancy is a good friend. I spent many years on the board of A&E. I think in history, she is doing a very nice job for them and she is a great programmer. I would say that I somewhat disagree. I think the risk taking has been too much. We are actually going in the other direction. If you look at what’s happened to nonfiction, you see the aggressiveness of picking really kind of wacky characters of – it’s almost become scripted in the way that it’s presented. And I think the audience here in America gets it. They get that this isn’t really nonfiction, that some of these fights aren’t real, that some of these characters aren’t real. And so what’s really been working for us is forget about what everyone else is doing, which is looking for more extreme characters, more extreme contention, to get back to basics. And we have actually made a strategic decision to do that and it's working for us. If you look at Treehouse Masters, no one is throwing mud at each other in Treehouse Masters. This past Tuesday night we did 19 and Counting. We are the number one network in America for women. And we got a 26 in the demo and what is it about, it’s about a family that home schools their kids and we followed it with another very wholesome family that’s struggling with the issues that everyone in America is struggling. And so for us, whether it’s Alaskan Bush, Gold Rush, Last Frontier, 19 Kids and Counting, Treehouse Masters, we think that a lot of the nonfiction challenge has been going into this extreme area. We are getting back to great characters, heroic characters that are doing jobs, that are facing challenges that all of us as we sit on the couch look at and admire. That’s why people love Gold Rush. That’s why they still, after 11 seasons, they love Deadliest Catch. Last Frontier and Bush are about families living off the grid. And so I think that nonfiction is working very well for us. And we have to remember what we do best, which is great authentic characters that are fighting the fight to live – to make the best of their lives and when we do that, we do very well.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks David. Andy?
Andy Warren: Yes. Doug, to answer your question, your math is very much in line with kind of our thinking. Our pre-FX adjusted EPS of up high single to low double translate to the kind of math and process you just laid out.
Doug Mitchelson: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen from the Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thanks. I have a couple. First, on advertising, I heard what you said about the near-term, but your change in the upfront, does that signal any change in longer term advertising outlook or your strategy and selling in the U.S.?
David Zaslav: Okay. Look, I think we came off of a slowdown in the second half of last year where the volume just stopped. Volume is better now, but we are just not prepared to give guidance to say that volume is going to continue at this level and accelerate. So, I think your guess is as good as ours. On the upfront, that was really a decision that was driven by Joe Abroze and the team. We looked at who has been coming to the upfront over the last couple of years and then we looked at who comes to a number of the dinners that we do around that time. And we find that the more senior players are coming to the dinners and that we weren’t getting the buyers that are making a difference in the upfront. So, we are going to have a lot of the same material. We are going to have the same sell. But we are going to do it in small teams going directly to the buyers and the agencies and we think this year that that could be more effective. We will assess how it goes. It was really Joe feeling that going to the offices of the actual buyers will be stronger, getting directly to the buyers themselves.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Right. And then given the currency headwinds, I mean, looking at it another way given the dollar is so strong, don’t you think that it’s a great time to go shopping? I mean, given your comments on the international market, isn’t this the time to be a little more active?
David Zaslav: Well, look the fact – obviously, it plays both ways. So, to the extent that there are assets outside the U.S., they are more than 15% cheaper than they were a few months ago because of the currency. Having said that, we have a – we now have more than 10 channels in 220 countries and we have a business that we think we can grow significantly over the next several years. So, we don’t want to buy anything that’s going to – that would slow us down. And so we have the advantage of having probably more synergy than anyone else. We have boots on the ground to make the assessment, but we are going to be disciplined, because I think we have a very good hand. We are way out front internationally. We are growing. And most of our competitors are not investing and walking away. So, we are getting a lot of growth just by doing what we are doing. So, I think that’s what you will see. If we can get good synergy and we can buy and grow faster, we will do it. Otherwise, there is no reason to stretch.
Andy Warren: Yes. Just to elaborate on that from a purely financial perspective, we still very much hold the – any deal criteria has to have a low-teen un-levered IRR. And when we compare any allocation of capital to M&A, we compare it to the IRR we get on repurchasing our shares, which has an extremely high IRR, not only given where our stock is today, but also given our free cash per share growth profile. So, while you are right, the assets are cheaper in dollar terms, there still is very much to the hurdle around IRRs in comparison to share repurchases.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Great. And one last one, on Eurosport, what was the standalone growth in 2014 and how volatile will it be in 2015 and beyond given all your comments about investing and driving growth through sports rights?
Andy Warren: Yes. In 2014, the business performed very well. It was kind of at or better than our deal expectations for the full year, which we only consolidated 7 months, but for the full year, revenues were up nicely and profits were up nicely as well. Part of the commentary around ‘15 is well we are going to be consolidating the full year. We do expect the margins on Eurosport standalone to go from high-teen to high single-digits, but one thing David talked about was it’s less relevant, I think today more than ever to look at Eurosport by itself, because the overall leverage we are getting across the whole international portfolio. So, I think as we talk about Eurosport, it’s got to be on the holistic view versus just Eurosport itself, because so much of the benefits we are deriving are outside the four walls of just Eurosport performance.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger from Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Todd Juenger: Hi, thanks. I will try and keep these quick in the hour. First, on international advertising, listen hear all the good news about the share you are gaining with audiences, new networks, new distribution still posting double-digit ad revenue growth globally, ex-currency. I guess my question is for the year I think it was a 14% number, for the quarter, it was a 10% number. So, my question is sort of what’s the difference? What changed? How much of that is it Russia? Is it just overall demand sluggishness? Does that tie to macro or does it tie to something about the maturation of pay-TV? And then I do have a follow-up, I am sorry Andy, about guidance, which I will come back with next question.
David Zaslav: I will hit it generally. A piece of that – a piece of that was Russia and a piece of it was you can take a look at our market share growth. Our market share growth in the fourth quarter was a little bit better than 10% whereas the rest of the year it was more like 13% or 14%. And so that is sort of a measure that we follow like a laser how many people – are we getting more people spending more time with our channels? Are market shares doing a little better now? And part of it also has to do with the marketplace. Aside from just Russia, we saw strength across Eastern and Western Europe. We saw a lot of strength in Latin America. And for first time in the fourth quarter, Asia was not double-digit, where it’s been, but it’s been mostly made up for the fact that Brazil has just been exploding. One of the things that we are seeing in Latin America is how important Brazil is to us. Advertising revenue, up almost 50% last year in Brazil and in the first quarter, we are seeing, even though it’s lapping, similar. So, the fact that it’s gotten to 30% penetration in Brazil, that’s kind of triggered the advertising marketplace to start spending more time there. So, I think we are losing – we lost Russia. We have picked up a lot in Brazil. And the rest of the marketplace is pretty strong with the exception of Asia.
Andy Warren: And just to add to that, Todd, part of this is just the law of large numbers, right. We had almost $1.2 billion of total ad sales in 2013 international. In 2014, it’s almost $1.5 billion. And so we are still expecting that as we said in the guidance for that to be still in that low double-digit range throughout 2015, so the proof point is still there. We still very much have a larger share of audience and share of economics and we still see that momentum continuing in most of our markets with Russia and the Russia ad ban being a significant issue and one reason why, to your point, the growth is slowing a little bit.
Todd Juenger: Thank you. That’s very helpful. Pick up, Andy, again I am sorry on the guidance issue, I am just trying to square my math here as well. Really on the top line revenue guidance, which I think I heard is high single, low double-digit sort of constant currency, but then if I look at each of the line items of revenue, major line items, the only one that’s double-digit, I guess is international advertising. And I heard high singles for international distribution. You didn’t give specific U.S., but it sounds like that’s sort of low, maybe mid singles for U.S. So, I am trying to figure out how we get to high single, low double given those business unit line items. Obviously, some of that is Eurosport and even more the Hub. So, maybe you could help us if you take those out what the sort of underlying core revenue growth rate is ex those two pieces? Thanks.
Andy Warren: Got it. Well, Todd, you are right. I mean, the commentary about high single, low doubles includes Eurosport, includes Family. And so there is a benefit of the consolidating more periods of time for those assets, but if you exclude those on a core basis, you really kind of at mid to high single on organic revenue. To your point, we said that advertising will be better than the fourth quarter results. So, call it in line, maybe a little lower than we had for the full year U.S. in 2014. We said we have seen acceleration of U.S. affiliate, because of the deals that we successfully have gotten done as well as the inclusion of Sony. And then for international, we said kind of high single affiliate and low double ad. So, all those together kind of gets you to that mid to high single organic, excluding Eurosport and Family.
Todd Juenger: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Alexia Quadrani: Hi, thank you. Just to follow-up on your comment about the investment spending in Eurosport, is that really going to be largely a 2015 event or do you think it’s something given the timing of some contracts that could go into ‘16 and beyond? And then I would just love your general comments, if you have any on the current measurement system and domestically how that maybe hampering your ratings and any color – any further color or decision, I think yesterday to drop the live same day?
David Zaslav: Great. Let me handle the Nielsen piece. As you look around the world, it’s sad that you look at the U.S. as being on the lower end of antiquated measurement systems. It’s maybe the most robust advertising market in the world and the most efficient. And yet, the measurement is very weak. You go to markets like Norway and its cue tone based. So anybody that watches anything, whether you watch it in a bar, you watch it at your vacation house, whether you watch it on your iPad, it counts. And viewership in Norway is up 15%. Before they implemented last year this new system, it showed that viewership on television was down double-digit. And it was a huge swing. We are working with Nielsen, all the programmers are. The problem is it’s a monopoly here in the U.S. It is a real challenge. And there is no question that it’s under measuring, but it’s the system that we have. When you look at, for instance, how we do when you aggregate – one of the reasons we went to live plus three is our viewership is up dramatically. And there is just a lot of unmeasured here in the U.S. So, it is what it is. Outside the U.S., we do a little bit better. I think they will fix it over time, but it’s a problem.
Andy Warren: And then, on Eurosport, Alexia, look we will be and continue to be extremely cautious about which sports rights we go after. And again, it’s all about a combination of both strengthening our pan-European, but also probably even more importantly the hyper local aspects of Eurosport and how we can get the benefits. So, yes, we are going to have increased content spend in ‘15. We will continue to have increased content spend in ‘16 and ‘17. It will moderate relative to what we see the opportunity being this year. But, again, I want to make sure everyone understands that we are going to do it in a very thoughtful, cautious and careful way. But we do think it’s an asset if we invest in will drive at a tremendous amount of long-term value for the entire international portfolio.
David Zaslav: And it’s a playbook that we have been playing for a long time. It’s how we went from 5% of viewership with 14 channels here in the U.S. to almost 13% of viewership now when almost the majority of media companies have lost market share. We picked up hockey rights for not that expensive in Northern Europe. So, we know that we have this Eurosport channel that’s in 130 million homes, the only platform like it. We know we have an average of 10 traditional channels in every market, but we have two to three other sports channels that we are getting paid on that are in basic. And so when we buy the hockey rights, we now have a hockey – a regional hockey channel that we have launched in Sweden. And so – and it wasn’t very expensive. And we have seen the value of the regional sports networks here in the U.S., with the YES Network – with the YES Network being more valuable than the Yankees themselves. And so we see the playbook. The cost of a lot of this content when we could pick up Affinity sports is not that high. We already have the channels. We won’t have these, what we are calling regional sports networks in every country. But the ability to pick up rights and just flip a switch and have a pan-European Eurosport, our 10 channels and then, boom, we got a hockey channel. Now, we are going to distributors, we are going to advertisers, our incremental costs not that high. We think that could be a real accelerator for us.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  David Zaslav – President and CEO Andrew Warren – CFO
Analysts:  Michael Nathanson – MoffettNathanson LLC Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan Chase & Co Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC. Jessica Reif Cohen – BofA Merrill Lynch David Bank – RBC Capital Markets, LLC Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley Vasily Karasyov – Sterne Agee Anthony DiClemente – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Kannan Venkateshwar – Barclays Capital 
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications 2014 Third Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today are David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today’s call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy. After which, we will open up the call up to your questions. (Operator Instructions) Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2013, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. There has been a lot in the news lately on consumer disruptions to the video marketplace and the emergence of more over-the-top video options. Through all the innovation and press releases, we believe there remains one constant, it is a great time to be in the content business. Despite shifting behaviors and new digital offerings, more and more viewers are gravitating to high quality content and we still believe, there are many years of sustainable, organic growth from the continuing global rollout of pay television, as well as more new opportunities to display our content than ever before. I want to start this morning by putting a framework around Discovery strategy and how we are driving organic growth around the world and building the next-generation of businesses and brands. The five pillars of our global strategy have not changed. First, drive organic growth and leverage our infrastructure across the global pay TV market. Second, invest in content, format and IP that can take market share and attract new audiences across platforms. Third, take a strategic approach to localization on a market-by-market basis and selectively pursue smart bolt-on acquisitions to augment our portfolio. Fourth, unlock the value of Discovery’s Beachfront real estate and distribution advantage around the world and lastly continue to deliver strong financial results and drive free cash flow per share growth. We’ve been pushing hard on our first principle to drive organic growth across the global pay TV market. 25 years ago, we launched Discovery Channel in the UK. Today, we have an average of eight channels in more than 225 countries. Discovery Communications’ now reaches nearly 3 billion cumulative subscribers in every corner of the globe, distinguishing the company as the world’s number one pay TV programmer with the world’s most widely distributed network, The Discovery Channel which is in almost 500 million homes. Overall, our global business continues its strong organic growth with international now accounting for more than 50% of our total company revenue and growing. That’s an important inflection point for our company, a key differentiator for Discovery and the foundation of our growth strategy going forward. That international infrastructure has allowed us to build a global brand factory. TLC is now the world’s leading female network reaching more than 300 million homes in over 200 countries. ID is one of the world’s fastest growing channels. We announced on Friday that ID has reached 100 million global homes with new launches in India and Denmark, that’s an astounding milestone for a brand that did not exist anywhere in the world just five and half years ago. ID remained in the early stages of its growth cycle in every market, including the U.S. We are building the next-generation of growth with the launch of Velocity worldwide, under both the Velocity and Turbo brands, we are launching our next global platform as a dedicated auto channel. The goal is to reach over a 125 million homes through the end of 2015, creating a very attractive global consumer and advertising brand. We continue to see strong viewership gains around the world, with our global audience reaching an all-time high in the third quarter with aggregate ratings up 6% year-over-year. Two areas I would like to highlight for their consistent and attractive organic growth are our pay TV business in Latin America and India. Discovery has 13 brands in 49 countries across Latin America that offer a wide range of content to all demographic groups. The portfolio has had its best quarter ever with ratings up an impressive 20% in primetime across the region, driven by the Discovery Channel, our lifestyle brand Home & Health and Discovery Kids, an absolute juggernaut in the region and the number one pay TV channel in the key growth market of Brazil. We have a very strong portfolio across Latin America today and are well positioned with multiple channels in the basic analog packages that are attractive to the emerging middle class around the region and should continue to see double-digit affiliate and advertising growth in the years ahead. India also continues to be a particularly strong market as we roll-out new channels and brands including the recent launches of ID and Turbo. We now have 11 channels in five languages and a passionate consumer base for our science, technology and natural history programming. Ratings growth in India is over 100% this year, led by The Discovery Channel, Discovery Kids and Animal Planet. The market remains one of our most exciting growth opportunities for the company. The second element of Discovery’s growth strategy is investing in content, formats and IP that can take market share and attract new audiences across platforms. In September, we closed our deal to acquire UK-based independent production company, All3Media, through a joint venture with Liberty Global. This is a long-term strategy to broaden and deepen our IP holdings through this diversified asset that owns 19 separate production companies working across the non-fiction, scripted and sports genres. In the U.S., TLC remained a top 10 ad supported cable network during the quarter and just last week had its highest audience in four years with 19 Kids and counting making TLC the number one network for the night. And OWN continues its strong growth trajectory ranked as the number one cable network on Tuesday, Wednesday and Saturday nights for African-American women highlighted by Tyler Perry’s "The Haves and the Have Nots" and the newest hit series "If Loving You was Wrong" and our newer networks American Heroes Channel, Destination America and Velocity continue to build viewership. American Heroes Channel was up 16% and Destination America and Velocity reached up almost double-digit. Despite these wins our portfolio was not immune to the ratings declines across the TV landscape this summer. Improving our ratings is a top priority here in the U.S. Our laser focus on quality storytelling is paying off in the fourth quarter with ratings at Discovery Channel up more than 10% in October driven by a strong and balanced schedule. Sundays with Alaska – The Last Frontier, Mondays with Fast N’ Loud and new hit MISFIT GARAGE and Fridays with Gold Rush, the number one show for men on TV on Fridays. We also recently made a leadership change at The Discovery Channel and announced last week that long time Disney Executive, Rich Ross, the great old friend of mine that I’ve always admired will join the company as President of The Discovery Channel in January. Rich is an extremely talented, creative executive with a history of producing great content, driving ratings, building strong global brands. He built Disney’s TV channels worldwide and we have high expectations from Rich to draw Discovery Channels next chapter of growth, he’ll be starting early in the year. A key differentiating factor for Discovery is our content ownership, which allows us to be platform-ready and flexible in how we reach consumers. We produced 2,500 hours of content a year. No other company can say that and we own almost all of it. We recently reached an agreement with Sony to provide Discovery Networks content on their new platform. An exciting new platform for us to display our brands and last month, we completed a strong renewal with SouthernLINC Communications in the U.S. for our entire portfolio of U.S. networks. As part of this deal, we expect SouthernLINC’s customers to have authenticated access to Discovery’s content inside and outside the home and start building those new TV Everywhere offerings of the future. Three other platforms, where we are exploiting our IP for learning and new revenue streams are Discovery Education, Eurosport and SBS Nordics. Discovery is a leader in digital education, reaching over half of all U.S. schools and 35 million students with our innovative digital text books and sweet of educational products. Discovery Education is meaningful to our top and bottom-lines and exposes our brand to millions of kids in a really positive enriching way and that exposure and relationship allows us to build trust and engagement with the next-generation of media consumers at a very early age. In addition as part of our Eurosport acquisition, we also picked up the Eurosport player. A strong direct-to-consumer over-the-top subscription product or app that has grown consumer significantly in the last few months. We have also begun to do some great work in the Nordics with a new over-the-top product called D Play in Norway. With high broadband penetration and strong demand for our content across the Nordics, an aggregated service of our combined Discovery, scripted and sports products has provided a growth in paying subscribers that amounts to nearly a three-fold increase in the past year. D Play and Eurosport players give us new incremental revenue streams as well as great data for viewing habits on mobile platforms, how to best distribute and schedule, our consumer offerings across linear and digital and help us develop expertise in building new SVOD products and revenue models that are additive to our pay TV business. The third principle is to take a strategic approach on a market-by-market basis and selectively pursue smart bolt-on acquisition to augment our portfolio, but also looking for opportunities to diversify our content, keeping our local relevancy and add meaningful scale. Last month, we began our latest localization initiative in South East Asia. Our strategy is to shift resources from our current Singapore headquarters to new local offices in growth markets including the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand. Additionally, in South Korea we are investing in a new in-country presence and leadership team following the implementation of the free trade agreement and the ease of restrictions on foreign broadcasters. In the Nordics, we continue to see the benefits of last year’s acquisition of SBS Nordics, due to our selling and enhanced portfolio offering to advertisers. In Europe, newly acquired Eurosport is starting to show the benefits of having increased access to compelling sports rights as we have taken a combined Eurosport and Discovery offering to the market. In addition, Eurosport previously relied almost exclusively on Pan European ad sales. The benefit of discoveries local teams means, we can increase our inventory to sell local in addition to Pan European and local ad markets are significantly bigger than Pan European. For example, a few weeks ago, we presented our combined portfolio for the first time to advertisers at our upfront in Germany. We announced that Eurosport acquired the exclusive TV and digital rights for MotoGP in Germany and the Netherlands for not a lot of money. These popular high-speed motorcycle races hold strong appeal to sports fans in both countries and are a good example of how we are surgically strengthening Eurosport’s content in two important markets. Additionally, where we have the rights we are just beginning to sample our new sports content across Discovery’s other platforms. Our new Turbo channel will air Bundesliga soccer matches in Poland. And during the U.S. Open we add the women’s final matches on our SBS channel can now five to all-time high ratings in Denmark because Wozniacki, a finalist in the U.S. Open was Danish. Again, just some very early examples of the optionality that this platform will give us to co-sale co-program and build out a combine pay TV offering with more meaningful scale in many key markets. Another part of our strategy is to create the equivalent of regional sports network in the U.S. by localizing content on Eurosport 2 to make individual channel feeds even more compelling to local advertisers, distributors and viewers. In Sweden, we’ve relaunched the network as Eurosport 2 Sweden with local Hockey rights and customized in the local language with local talent and with the dedicated feed. The distribution that Eurosport 2 provides could be the basis for a number of strong local channels in the year ahead. Our fourth growth principle is to unlock the value of Discovery’s Beachfront real estate and distribution advantage around the world. Here we are thoughtfully investing in new TV brands and identifying category wide space. We’ve recently increased our stake in the Hub network to 60%, renamed the channel Discovery Family Channel and the network debut in on October 13th continues our partnership with Hasbro. With reach of over 70 million U.S. homes, the network features has both studio kids content during the day and Discovery programming for families and parents watching with kids in the evenings and primetime. In the first few weeks ratings are up double-digits and their strong advertiser interest for co-viewing in a quality brand environment. Our final principle is to continue to deliver strong financial results. Andy will provide more detail on our financial performance, but we had another quarter of double-digit organic OIBDA growth as we expanded organic margins both domestically and internationally and we remain focused on driving free cash flow per share growth. So with all the opportunities and new platforms, we remain confident Discovery is very well-positioned now and for the future with our strong global brands, ownership for popular non-fiction categories, diversified worldwide assets and strong operating and financial track record. We firmly believe we can deliver sustained long-term growth and continued shareholder value creation. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Andy for details on our financial results.
Andrew Warren: Thanks David and thank you everyone for joining us today to discuss our third quarter performance. Discovery’s ability to execute on our key strategic global growth initiatives while focusing on tightly controlling costs led to another quarter of solid results. On a reported basis, total company revenue in the third quarter increased 14% led by 32% international growth, which is partially offset by 1% decline in our domestic networks, primarily due to digital licensing revenues in the prior year. Total operating expenses on a reported basis increased 18% mostly due to the inclusion of the Eurosport leading to reported OIBDA growth of 8%. Excluding the impact of Eurosport, digital licensing revenues and foreign currency movements, total company revenues grew 7% with our strong and successful focus on controlling costs and ensuring that revenues grow faster than expenses. Our organic expense growth was up only 4%. Behind this 4% expense growth was a 5% increase in cost of revenues as we remained disciplined about our investment in programming while still continuing to gain audience share globally and a 3% increase in total company SG&A. With revenues growing 300 basis points faster than costs, our organic adjusted OIBDA grew 10% with underlying margins expanding by a 100 basis points versus last year. Net income available to Discovery Communications increased 10% to $280 million driven by the improved operating performance, as well as increase in equity investment earnings and lower mark-to-market equity-based compensation, partially offset by higher restructuring costs related to Eurosport integration. We also lowered our effective tax rate from last year’s third quarter by 400 basis points to 35% this quarter as we remain extremely focused on lowering both our effective and cash tax rates by fully utilizing our increasing international business mix. To this end, as we continue to grow our foreign assets and content production capabilities in critical international markets, we now have land at site to our being able to reduce our global effective tax rate to below 30% for fiscal 2017. This sustained year-over-year reduction and our tax rate would not only drive net income growth but also accelerate our free cash flow and capital availability growth as well. Adjusted net income which is a more relevant metric from the comparability and evaluation perspective, as it excludes the impact from non-cash acquisition amortization of intangible assets with $330 million this quarter, a 9% improvement versus last year. Earnings per diluted share for the third quarter was $0.41, 17% above the third quarter a year ago, adjusted earnings per diluted share was $0.46, a 15% increase. Looking at the last 12 months, adjusted net income increased 21% to $1.3 billion, while adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 27% to $1.87. Free cash flow in the third quarter of $393 million declined by 10% versus a year ago as the improved operating performance was more than offset by higher cash taxes mostly due to the expiration of the accelerated content cost recovery under Section 181. Over the last 12 months, free cash flow decreased by 3% to $1.1 billion as the higher tax and content payments more than offset the stronger operating performance. However, free cash flow per share a critical metric for us and one that most influences our strategic planning and execution was up nicely over the last 12 months as a decrease in our share count due to our aggressive stock buybacks more than offset the declines in free cash flow. Content spending during the third quarter excluding Eurosport increased mid-single-digits, even as we continue to drive the Euro market share growth across the globe. Before moving on to the divisional results, I do want to highlight that were not part of our free cash flow, OWN continues to increase its cash flow generation and repay Discovery a net $70 million in the third quarter. And turning now to the operating units, revenues of the U.S. Networks were down 1% on reported basis through the digital licensing revenues recognized a year ago. Excluding the impact from licensing revenues, organic domestic revenues grew 3% with advertising and distribution growth partially offset by a $3 million decline in other revenues again primarily due to lower content licensing sales, as we are sharing more programming this year with international networks versus selling the third parties. Domestic advertising revenues increased 1% in the quarter. We faced the tough comp versus the 12% of advertising growth in the third quarter of last year but healthy volume and price increases this year more than offset lower delivery. Distribution revenues excluding licensing revenue increased 6% during the third quarter, as we again benefited from the higher rates, we were able to secure during our last round of affiliate negotiations. Looking at the cost side, domestic operating expenses declined 4% from the third quarter of 2013 on a reported basis and declined at 2% excluding the impact of SVOD. This was primarily due to an 11% decline in SG&A partly offset by a 7% increase in content amortization versus last year. Our ability to tightly manage cost led to flat reported domestic adjusted OIBDA despite the decrease in reported revenues and led to organic adjusted OIBDA growth of 6%. This resulted in organic margin of 59% up fully 200 basis points versus the third quarter a year ago. Turning to the other main segment of our business, our International division continue to deliver strong results growing reported revenues 32% and increasing reported adjusted OIBDA 25%. Reported results include the impact of the Eurosport acquisition and foreign currency headwinds. Foreign currency had a significant negative impact on our results in the quarter. Given the continued strengthening of the dollar versus the euro and other key currencies. The euro and the four Nordic currencies comprise over half of our international OIBDA. So with the euro down 7% in the quarter and the Nordic currencies each down between 5% and 7% against the dollar, the profit impact was significant. Therefore for comparability purposes, my following comments on our international business will refer to our results excluding both Eurosport and FX fluctuations. Total international revenues grew 10% as advertising revenues increased 12% and affiliate revenues grew 8%. International advertising continues to be the fastest growing segment of our business and significantly outperforms the overall international ad markets. There are some small pockets of softness in the third quarter in Russia and neighboring countries as well as certain countries within Asia, we were able to grow organic advertising revenues, a very healthy 12% as a majority of our regions to our ad revenues up double-digits. Growth was led by Western Europe as we continue to benefit from the success of our free-to-air initiatives in Italy, Spain, Germany and the UK and by the Nordics where we still grew ad sales in the high single-digit range as we continue to see a scale driven pricing benefit across our networks, despite lower net ad sales in Sweden due to their lower put levels. Latin America remains an incredibly healthy growth market for us, driven by Brazil and Mexico as the Central and Eastern Europe were higher pricing in Poland more than offset political instability in Russia as well as the issue that some advertisers in Russia have started to move dollars out of cable TV to broadcast ahead of the cable TV advertising ban that goes into effect on January 1st of next year. Asia was soft again this quarter as the tourism category has been negatively impacted by local geopolitical issues in certain key markets. Taking a step back, we expect international advertising to remain the top growth driver of our global business as we see double-digit organic growth continuing for the foreseeable future. Our unparalleled global distribution platform will allow us to continue to benefit from the rapid evolution of the global pay TV market as we increasingly take share and increase CPMs at our existing networks while simultaneously rolling out our homegrown brands like TLC, ID and Velocity to more and more markets around the world. On the affiliate front, the 8% affiliate revenue increase in the quarter was driven primarily by subscriber growth especially in Latin America from the continued expansion of pay television in Brazil, Mexico and Colombia and in Central and Eastern Europe from additional subs in Russia and Africa and from new channel launches in the Middle East, Turkey and Africa. Turning to the cost side, operating expenses internationally were up 7% in the third quarter, primarily driven by higher content amortization and increased personnel costs as we further expand our global footprint. Our ability to grow global revenues in excess of global costs led to 16% adjusted OIBDA growth in the quarter. Very importantly, we delivered another quarter of strong organic margin expansion internationally with margins on the base business up over 100 basis points year-over-year. Finally, taking a look at our overall financial position with the strong balance sheet and sustained financial and operating momentum and given our gross leverage targets and long range free cash flow per share growth assumptions, we expect to continue returning capital to shareholders as we invest in our global businesses. During the first nine months of this year, we bought back over $1 billion worth of our stock including another $298 million during the third quarter and we still plan to return more capital to shareholders in 2014 than we did in 2013. Since we began buying back shares towards the end of 2010. We now spent over $5.3 billion buying back shares, reducing our outstanding share count by around 25%. Turning now to our full year forecast, primarily due to the considerable foreign currency headwinds, I previously discussed, as well as the significant geopolitical issues in Russia and lower than expected domestic ad sales. We now forecast total company revenues to be between $6.3 billion and $6.35 billion. Adjusted OIBDA to be between $2.5 billion and $2.55 billion. Net income to be between $1.15 billion and $1.175 billion and adjusted net income of $1.275 billion to $1.305 billion. We also now expect our 2014 free cash flow to be approximately $1.125 billion for the year. It’s extremely important to highlight that for the non-controllable currency headwinds and the negative impact of the Russian geopolitical situation would have been at or close to the bottom-end of our previous guidance ranges. Also important to note, these updated guidance ranges utilize current foreign currency exchange rates and assume stabilization of our U.S. ratings. They also include approximately $20 million of anticipated 4Q content impairment changes mostly associated with our recently announced cancelations of Honey Boo Boo and Sons of Guns as well as the nominal benefit of our now consolidating The Discovery Family Channel which would have past many quarters had reported largely breakeven results. Thanks again for your time this morning and now David and I’ll be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Please proceed.
Michael Nathanson – MoffettNathanson LLC: Thank you. I have one for David and yes one for Andy on your numbers. In the past month or so has been lot concerned about the creation of smaller cable bundles within the U.S. I wonder given the diversity of your portfolio, do you think this is a legitimate concern or just philosophy on working with operators looking to create smaller bundle? That one for Andy.
David Zaslav: Okay. There is a lot of, I think press release activity in the marketplace. In the end, I think if the marketplace moves that way, it’s likely to move pretty slowly, people are still watching more TV than they ever have and the duration of the bundle was very effective. The unbundling, I just don’t see it happening, I think it’s – if it does move in that direction overtime we own all of our content which is in advantage. We’re taking advantage of it with Eurosport in Europe, we’re taking advantage of a little bit with D Play in the Nordics but here in the U.S. I think you’ll see the pay TV model maybe working this way but even then they’ll be working that way with distributors in a way that is not too disruptive. ESPN has gone in a way that’s very limited for broadband, so I think there are a lot of releases here. It’s unlikely to have a significant impact in the near-term in the next four, five or six years as content goes directly to consumers. We have great super fans of our content domestically and around the world and if it moves that way in any meaningful way, we’ll be able to take I think very strong advantage of it because the affinity groups we have, the quality of content that we have and the fact that we own it, we own all of it. So you don’t have to go to anybody for it. But I think it’s going to get a little more overplayed over the next couple of months, they’ll be a lot of announcements in this question, what’s the price? What’s the platform? Will people aggregate together? In the end, there will I believe be a rationalization, we have a strong marketplace here in the U.S. basic cable is very effective it’s also going to be a lot cheaper. And if you try and aggregate a few of these direct-to-consumer products.
Michael Nathanson – MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay, David. Let me ask Andy, I don’t think you gave us an update on your verifications for international advertisement growth. What are we assuming for the fourth quarter for domestic in terms of growth?
Andrew Warren: Michael, we’re not providing any forecast in that right now. There is a lot of moving parts with the international ad sales. Well, pricing is good, there is a lot around volume right now. Lot more being brought closer to air and so for us, we had a strong delivery in October. But we’re not going to give any guidance yet in the fourth quarter as given how close right now bookings are to air time.
Michael Nathanson – MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Thanks Andy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan Chase & Co: Hi, thank you very much. Just digging in a little bit further on your commentary on the domestic advertising environment. Do you find that the softness in the third quarter was largely just ratings delivered because of softer ratings or was it really because there was any I guess smaller budgets or any change in sort of the way allocation spending was and if there is any further insights in that that would be helpful.
Andrew Warren: Sure Alexia. In the third quarter, if you looked at overall viewership for the summer on cable. It was down that’s coming back a little bit. We’ve seen this outside the U.S. I think it’s too early to call it a trend. There are a lot of markets where we’ve seen viewership come down and then come back up. So, certainly ratings and in our case, our ratings I think were lower than we expected had an impact. Pricing is fine, the scatter market I would say held up okay in the third quarter. in the last month or so we feel that it’s gotten a little bit softer so pricing is still I would say pretty steady maybe even good, but there is a lot more scatter out there not just from us but from everyone. And people are booking closer to time we’ve been booking on some of our networks for this past weekend we were booking on Thursday and Friday for the weekend. So normally we’d be able to give you a real good sense of where we would be through the end of the year here domestically, but the visibility is not what it’s been that doesn’t mean it’s going to be bad. But I would say for the first month there was some softness in terms of the volume. And whether that picks up in the next two months or not we’re going to have to see if we do our ratings are doing better, Discovery is doing better, we have some good premiers coming up, we have some strength on TLC with some series coming back strong. I think we’ll do fine, the question is will the scatter volume be there and we just don’t have that much visibility right now.
Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan Chase & Co: And thank you very much. And just a follow-up on your commentary about the – in the prepared remarks about the SVOD. Are you guys still in conversation I guess with other SVOD players for a domestic deal here and the Sony deal that you had highlighted and if there is any color if you can give us in terms of the potential financial impact of that in ‘15.
Andrew Warren: Okay. On Sony we were able to structure I think a very favorable deal for us and for them. I think it’s an innovative platform and I think they got good value and we felt that we got very good value so I think that worked that very well. On SVOD in general, here in the U.S., we continue to talk to Amazon, to Hulu, to Netflix, we think they are strong players in this marketplace, it’s an extra bite at the apple which provides incremental value and for us it’s been almost old drops to the bottom line. Overtime, I think we will get significant value. The question is whether we’ll get it directly from them or whether we’ll get it by pursuing it ourselves. I expect that right now it’s really just a value issue we could have done deals with all them but we felt that our content was more valuable.
Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan Chase & Co: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger from Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Hi thanks. Good morning. David I’d love to pick up right where you just left off. And just give you a chance to respond to something I hear a lot I’m sure we all do. So just thinking about as you contemplate the SVOD window, how do you responded to those who say the fact that Discovery hasn’t found a deal that works yet with those players. Is somehow a signifier of a decreased relevance of Discovery’s content in an increasing on-demand world and I wonder how you respond when people say that – and I have a follow-up. Thanks.
David Zaslav: Thanks Todd. Well, we would significantly disagree with that on a couple of levels. One, SVOD is really determining itself what it is. If SVOD ends up being HBO and it’s basically movies and a couple of original scripted series. And the answer maybe that for that platform we’re not at the top of the list. And in that case I think there are likely to be others that will take the strong quality content that we have and in a similar model reach consumers. So that’s one is what will Netflix and Amazon be? Will it be mostly movies and a few scripted or will it be a broader offering? We represent now over the last seven years we’ve grown our reach here in the U.S. from about 5% of viewership on cable to almost 12%. And on any given night one of our channels is either number one or two network in America. On Tuesday nights we’re the number one network in America with Tyler Perry’s content on OWN. Later on Tuesday night, we’re the number one channel in America with 19 and counting where we get over a 3 rating in the demo on TLC. On Friday nights we’re the number one network on TV including the broadcasters with Gold Rush and they are in scripted series but lot of it well except in the case of Tyler where we have two very strong scripted series, but they’re thematic programs that have very strong viewership, very strong DVR and a lot of social. So when you look across our 14 networks, we have a lot of great content and so the question is how do we reach consumers and how do we get the value that we deserve for and I think overtime, we will get a substantial amount of value in that window. It may present itself with TV Everywhere is another app.
Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Okay, thanks. Fair enough. And Andy if you don’t mind just a quick one, as we think about program investment into ‘15, I just wonder given probably a little software revenue environment right now than you wish and you’re putting together budgets for next year. Are you thinking that you need to increase investment to recover ratings or that you need to maybe lighten up on investment a little to protect margins or something in between and where should we think about content investment for next year? Thanks.
Andrew Warren: Sure. If you look at what the last – for the last couple of quarters we’ve kind of increased our base content spend, call it mid-single-digits and so we came down from the kind of higher investment period of 2012 and 2013 and we’ve been much more at this kind of mid-single digit range. I would say that that’s very much our hypothesis for the next several in many quarters. I think it’s the right level of increase for us as we continue to expand our networks internationally and as we look to have and nurture new content domestically. I don’t see it being really any more than that, we don’t need to, to still generate our market share growth and so I think in terms of base content spend being mid-single-digits for the foreseeable future.
Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jessica Reif Cohen – BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I’ll follow along the same path as everyone else one for David and then for Andy. David, what trust is really interesting hire for you guys? Given his success at the Disney channel. I’m just wondering what we should look for at Discovery. Is there any kind of change in content strategy, what are his priorities?
David Zaslav: Well, the good news with Discovery is, I think we have some real upside. We have three nights, we’re at the very top of within the cable universe for [men] but when we look at Discovery and we see what Discovery can do? There are number of markets, where our market share are more than two or three times what it is in the U.S. in a number of our markets and so I think building on the Discovery is still the number one cable brand in America, by the surveys of cable operators, the brand that viewers most value and so I think that there is even in a flat market like the U.S. is upside, if we can up our game a little bit with more quality content, with some better storytelling, better characters because when we get it right, the viewer show up and it works everywhere in the world, Rich is a great programmer, very strong creative. He and I spent a lot of time talking about what Discovery could be and the opportunity to grow it and I think Rich is going to do a great job, we’re going to line up behind him and I think Discovery can have a real chance to get even stronger and for the brand to get even stronger.
Jessica Reif Cohen – BofA Merrill Lynch: Yeah, he had amazing run at Disney. And then Andy I guess it’s like the two part question but how does the hub effect, the hub consolidation effect of fourth quarter numbers you said it was breakeven until now and can you give us an idea of the impact of that the Russia ban on advertising. What does that mean for 2015?
Andrew Warren: Sure. So just on the first question for the hub. It’s about $20 million to $25 million of top-line per quarter it’s what the hub has been driving, mostly around distribution versus ad sales and as you’ve said it really has been for the last many quarters largely a breakeven profit line as the cost for the hub is predominantly match the revenues. With regard to Russia. I guess it is less than 2% of our global revenues again predominantly distribution revenue versus ad sales for this year relative to our previous guidance. The reduction of our guidance has been predominantly driven by two things uncontrollable things. First of all, foreign exchange that we talked about unprecedented level of strengthening of the dollar of the last several weeks and that’s been about a $100 million impact on the top-line for the year relative to what we thought back in July and then Russia is about 20 million so those are two big impacts for sure. But again the key highlight with Russia is less than 2% of global revenues and predominantly distribution revenue.
David Zaslav: And for the near term. The subscriber growth in Russia is quite strong. So we’ll get the benefit of that and as Andy said next year, we’ll lose the benefit of the ad sales piece.
Jessica Reif Cohen – BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bank from RBC Capital Market. Please proceed.
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. Hey David I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the contribution to the overall domestic growth rate from what I guess you would call the developed portfolio of the flagship channels versus the developing portfolio and how you kind of see those trends, how the contribution has evolved maybe over the last couple of years and how you see it evolving over the next couple? And then for Andy, you gave us a comment about sustainable double-digit I believe international ad growth for a while but double-digit is a pretty wide range, is there any way you could kind of put a little bit more context around that comment? Thanks very much.
David Zaslav: Great, thanks so much. About 70% of our revenue is from Discovery, TLC and Animal Planet but used to be 85 or 88. We’ve launched more channels in the last 4.5 years than all media companies combined here in the U.S. really because we believe if we deployed that capital then we could still grow audience. So ID is the number, is a top five network in America that didn’t exist a few years ago, it’s the number two network in daytime. Number two in late night and it’s still growing. OWN is the top network for African-Americans and a top network for women and still growing. Velocity is a great kind of niche network that we’re seeing substantial growth out of, we have AHC which we’re moving into aggressively in the history space and military space in a way that’s showing real growth in Destination America. So into that 5% growth of market share that we had that’s grown to almost 12 probably would have been 5 to 6.5 or 7 and so I think that strategy has really worked for us. And it raises two issues, one of the reasons I think we got a great opportunity with Rich is I think we can do a better job on our flagships of growing our audience and the last year or so it’s been relatively flat and so I think that we can, with the right creative leadership we could really drive that. The second is this environment where we’ve deployed all this capital to launch all these new channels, we’ve done it is because it’s been a healthy marketplace. And the ability to do that and continue to do that in the future, the whole Comcast consolidation in the industry raises some questions about the ability of independent program as we’re the largest independent programmer in America, to continue to invest in new channels and new niche content that can attract viewers.
Andrew Warren: And David your question regarding the look forward on international ad sales. We feel still extremely foolish and good about ability to outperform the market as our share of wallet continues to follow the share of viewership. I would think that the third quarter is kind of being a proxy what we see for the next kind of four or plus quarters. We had 12% growth and that was really driven by still sustained high-teen growth in Latin America, Central Eastern Europe, and Western Europe as again we continue to see great organic growth there and even some good pricing leverage as well. If you look at the Nordic region, we were able to deliver 8% growth in Nordic as the power ratio, the kind of new focus of that acquisition, we got the cost synergies done, now we’re moving on the revenue synergies. So we’re seeing really some outsize and some sustained growth out of Nordics, so I would think in terms of sustained double-digit going forward like you saw in the third quarter I would think in terms of still a very strong growth in our core growth regions and kind of in that 10, 11, 12, 13% growth is what we expect for the next many quarters.
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay thank you very much for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning, Andy on your tax comments, can you just give us a sense for your cash tax expectations overtime I think you said you’d get I think below 30 by 2017 on a GAAP rate. And if that has any implications for whether or not an inversion might make sense for the company at some point now that you’ve got this line of sight and then if either you or David on the SBS acquisition should we be thinking about that high single-digit growth rate as representative of those assets because I believe that the decent acceleration on how they performed before you acquire them, just trying to get a sense for whether that SBS specific or sort of Pan Nordic for lack of a better term?
David Zaslav: Sure. Ben on the tax one, I couldn’t be more happy and enthused about the progress that we’re making on our global tax structures and rate expectations. We do now see line of sight and first time we already given kind of a long-term perspective on our tax rates and so we definitely see below 30% for fiscal 2017. The question on the cash tax rate well 181 has had a big impact this year in a negative way by about a $150 million giving the timing of cash taxes relative to that ruling. As we look forward and we see roughly cash taxes being at or 1% below the effective tax rate as we look to maximize the value of deferred tax structures. So certainly our cash taxes will be kind of at or slightly below whatever effective tax rate once we work through this kind of 181 cycle. And so with regard to also regarding inversion like it doesn’t change our view on that, as we said before well inversion can make some sense, the key notion is inversion can make a very good deal of great, it can’t make a bad strategic deal good and so we’re taking the hard look, we’re very confident in our ability to still drive down our effective in cash tax rates given international structures and given our now ability to generate more and more content and tax advantage jurisdictions. So we don’t need inversion to get to a significant amount of tax rate reduction overtime.
Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
David Zaslav: With regard to the kind of organic growth story around acquired assets, look for SBS clearly part of our thinking there was around the power ratio, around the ability to leverage that market positioning and grow our already established channels in that market we’re seeing that now I think for Eurosport it’s a very different notion, it’s much more about going from Pan European sale to a local sale I think we can definitely drive a lot more ad sales growth out of that asset across those different markets than we are seeing with SBS. It doesn’t mean we’re not happy with the SBS ad sales growth in fact 8% is clearly meaningfully higher than market and I think it reflects our power ratio that we’re going to be able to drive for the next many quarters but definitely thinking in terms of for Eurosport and maybe other acquisitions that we look at, there’s not only notion of the combination of market leverage but also the idea of leveraging our local infrastructure, leveraging our local ad sales team to drive much more localized ad sales growth.
Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: it sounds like based on our long-term commentary or medium-term commentary the sort of macro slowdown hasn’t impacted your growth rate in that region broadly at all, is that fair?
David Zaslav: Absolutely fair. it just go back to this whole notion of our overall viewer market share is so much higher than our share of ad sales, the share of viewership versus share of wallet, we still have a long way to catch up and that’s really is driving right now our out performance. What are the advantages for us is that there was a real retraction across Western and Eastern Europe and over the last several years we’ve gone in hard and we also have a huge amount of content, quality content that we bring into the marketplace that works well when others have retreated with investment but the amount of quality content that we have in language that we can bring into the market is significant and so we see our share advantage continuing to grow and as our share advantage grows we get the advantage of that but we also pickup as our scale grows some power ratio advantage, so we’re pretty optimistic about Western and Eastern Europe.
Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vasily Karasyov from Sterne Agee. Please proceed.
Vasily Karasyov – Sterne Agee: Thank you. David, when you were talking about softness of cable ratings in Q3 unlike couple of your peers I don’t think you mentioned the potential impact of Nielsen measurement and sample changes. So I was wondering if you disagree that there is a big impact in the decline from what Nielsen is doing and it differs because of your different key demos so if you could comment on this, I would appreciate it?
David Zaslav: We’re talking to Nielsen behind the scenes, I think our job is to drive our channels and deal with the existing currency which is Nielsen. But when we look at actual setback data, we see a different story and we do think that Nielsen is quite antiquated and I gave an example on our last call that in Norway viewership was down almost double-digit and then they came with the new Q-tone measurement system where you wear a device and anytime you see something or show if it’s with commercials that whether you see at a bar whether you see it on your iPad, whether you see it at your guest home, whether you see it on your computer you get credit. And viewership in Norway is up mid-teens now in for the last couple of months. So there is clearly a viewership issue and the people are consuming content a little bit differently and they need to catch up. But we’ll work that behind the scenes and from our perspective we need to grow our share and we can’t look and say well it’s Nielsen. We’ve been able to grow our share every year and we continue to believe we can grow our share every year, we have the advantage that when we do grew that share. We take it outside the U.S. and get a multiple on that share so for us it’s a much more efficient investment. But we still believe in the U.S. and we just got a focus on telling more great stories and stronger quality content because when we deliver the big audiences come.
Vasily Karasyov – Sterne Agee: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Nomura. Please proceed.
Anthony DiClemente – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Hi thanks. One for David and one or two equivalents for Andy and David I think [prudent] is trying to force a reduction of non-Russian owned cable networks that reside in Russia to 20% or below I know it’s until 16 but is there a way that you can softer that in terms of Russia I guess I mean can you redomicile your Russia cable networks somewhere outside at Russia or how can you avoid being forced to sell those. And then Andy I was just wondering you mentioned early free cash flows impacted by cash content payments which I presume were higher than reported so can you just talk to us about that difference between cash content costs and reported content spend and over what time period that disparity could unwind. And then sorry for the third one but final one is just on the scatter market softness just wondering if you guys would attributed more so to a shift to digital platforms or more sort of economic sluggishness in the U.S. or to what it would be attributed to. Thank you.
David Zaslav: Okay. Hi Anthony, on Russia look I mean just as a backdrop. The good news for us is we’re in almost 230 countries it’s almost like a mutual funded portfolio. And so there are a lot of markets that are performing much better than expected. And so in the aggregate we’re very pleased with the international business and we’re pleased with Eastern Europe. The issue we have on Russia is we’ve been there for a long time. And we’ve been able to get very substantial traction with our brands and our content and the world is changing there and it looks like it’s going to change for some time. So for the near-term we’re not going to be hurt too badly because the majority of our dollars comes from other subscriber fees. And those will continue to grow and we’ll get the advantage of that through the end of ‘16. And what you talked about takes effect at the end of ‘16 with this restructuring. One is we expect that probably will happen although its two years away and you never know. If it does happen there are many markets that we deal with their – we’re, there are foreign ownership restrictions on broadcasting cable. Usually they’re on broadcast but there are some markets that have them both. And the question then is do you have great brands have great content that people really want in the market. And in the countries where we have that we’ve been able to get a very meaningful stream of revenue as licensing revenue for our brand as licensing revenue for our content. And we’ve able to do work around whether ultimately we can do that in Russia it remains to seen we have I would say more powerful content and more volume in Russia than we have in lot of other markets because we’ve been there for so long. And when you wake up in Russia and you put on Discovery you put on science or you put on Animal Planet there are three of the top channels on pay TV there and they’re viewed as Russian channels. And so we’re optimistic that we can get some significant work arounds, but the question we’ll just have to see how it plays out. On scatter it’s very hard to tell I mean the – all of the feedback that we’re getting and I spend a fair amount of time on the last couple of weeks with Joe (inaudible) who run sales for us one of the best in the business. There is no question that the last month, the things have slowed, there is no question on the volume side there is no question that there is more scatter in the marketplace. And there is no question that advertisers are holding their wallets closer even on the movie side and kind of coming in in the late bursts. We really can’t say where it is, our sense is it’s good to be a little more cautious about how to deploy capital. But we have the holiday season coming up and we just kind – we may be surprised that it does very well and we may continue to be slow the way it is. We can’t really tell where it’s going right now.
Andrew Warren: And the question on the cost and more versus cash. We still have as you saw in the third quarter a few point disparity with expense being higher than cash really driven by two reasons, one there is still bit of a catch up based on the prior year level of increased investment. But also the fact that they we do have more a live events we have more 10 events that have a shorter and more window. So as I kept this from significant in the last several years and it used to be kind of a key level of expense growth now we’re down to kind of high single-digits. I do think it will be still probably a year plus until we really have parity between kind of the mid-single digit cash growth and mid-single digit (inaudible) growth. There is going to be a bit of a mismatch based on the two factors I mentioned.
Anthony DiClemente – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays. Please proceed.
Kannan Venkateshwar – Barclays Capital: Thank you. Just one question from me, recently there was a lot commentary coming out of Comcast on their perspective on the content agreement with Discovery and so on. Just wanted to get your thoughts on how you’re going about that renegotiation, I believe that comes up next year. Thanks.
Andrew Warren: Yeah, thanks Kannan. Look we continue to examine from our perspective that transaction and we have some concerns we’re looking at it closely. Everyone should be concerned. We’ve seen similar market dynamics before we’re in 230 countries. In countries where there is a dominant ops and e-power. It creates real challenges for consumer and in many cases in almost all cases there is a retraction of consumer of investment and content. And so it’s – you look at Comcast there in 17 of the top 20 markets, they pass 70% of broadband in America with probably the best speed and it raises real issues that all of us are looking at in the business. I think that’s why in terms of the timing, things are getting pushed out and I think rightfully so. The Justice Department and FCC are now talking looking at this very, very carefully, we’re now looking at probably early summer. There is real issues that just raises. And our deal comes up next year as David [Kone] mentioned. And that we always deal with our distributors in the normal course. Our deal is up in less than a year with them and we’ll see how it goes. We have issues and I think all the content players in the industry as well as the broadband players should be looking at this very carefully.
Kannan Venkateshwar – Barclays Capital: Alright.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay. Thank you everyone. Thanks for joining us this morning you can give me a call if you have a follow up question.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Craig Felenstein – EVP, IR David Zaslav – President and CEO Andrew Warren – Senior EVP and CFO
Analysts:  Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein David Bank – RBC Capital Markets Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America, Merrill Lynch Anthony J. DiClemente – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan Michael Nathanson – MoffettNathanson LLC 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2014 Discovery Communications, Inc.’s Earnings Conference Call. My name is Mark, and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participant are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Craig Felenstein, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Sir.
Craig Felenstein: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications’ 2014 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today’s call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy, after which, we will open the call up for your questions. (Operator Instructions) Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2013, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Thanks Craig. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Before Andy provides some context around our second quarter results and the momentum we continue to generate across our global portfolio. I know industry consolidation is on everyone’s mind. So, I want to talk about Discovery’s market position, our overall operating performance and while I am so excited about our growth profile in both the short and long-term. It’s a great time to be in the content business. There are more consumers assessing more content on more platforms in more countries than ever before. The consumer experience is evolving and the key to exploiting this dynamic marketplace is to capitalize on the brand and distribution strength of the company by following the same strategic formula we have employed since I came to Discovery seven years ago. That strategy is based around four operating principals. First, invest in more content and ensure spending is focused on the screen, all screens, not just the TV screen. Second, leverage our unparalleled Beachfront real estate to build stronger, more valuable brands. Third, accelerate our strategic advantage and brand position across the global pay-TV marketplace. And lastly, build additional scale and market share in key growth markets. Let me speak to each briefly. Increasing our content investment to build stronger brands and solidify category leadership in our programming genres is core to our gross strategy. We continue to prioritize developing must-have programming with compelling characters and storytelling while owning all the global and digital rights. Over the past seven years, we more than tripled our overall content investment and by nurturing our audiences and super fans, we expanded our viewership across our U.S. networks by 53% now reaching between 11% and 12% of the cable audience. The growth is even more dramatic internationally where our overall viewership has increased over 200% including our best quarter ever this past quarter. Without question people are spending more time with our content than ever before. And equally as important, given the investment we have made, we are turning that higher viewership in the sustained double-digit ad growth across the company. Even domestically where the market is more mature, there is still plenty of room for continued ad growth and we remain confident that we will outperform over the long-term given the strength and diversity of our creative offerings to quality of our ad sales team and the potential of many of our new brands that we have built. ID remains the perfect example of this. The channel is now the number four network for women in total day, has the longest length of tune of any network on cable or broadcast and has driven sustained double-digit audience growth since its launch in 2008. And while we have made real progress on the pricing front over the last few years, it CPMs don’t reflect anywhere near that level of success. As the CPM gap closes with its performance, we expect multiple years of significant growth from this network alone here in the U.S. and around the world. We are also seeing more and more companies and platforms looking for content than ever before and given our market leadership in non-fiction we are confident we can nourish this growing audience segment on multiple platforms and markets around the world for many years to come. To further satisfy this demand for content, we have taken advantage of new opportunities to increase our global rights and ownership of valuable IP. We just acquired control of Eurosport, which includes rights to all content on all platforms in Europe. Earlier this year, we acquired UK based producer Raw and in the second quarter we announced the 50-50 joint venture to purchase All3Media, a leading production company with a vast portfolio of properties across a wide range of genres. These acquisitions allow us to increase our content library, expand our stable of top creative leaders and exploit more formats and more IP around the world. The second pillar of our growth profile is our sustained ability to exploit and develop our global Beachfront real estate. The great distribution Discovery has in the U.S. and around the world. We are thoughtfully investing in new brands that identify wide space in the market and that have real potential to deliver significant audiences and drive value to our ad and affiliate partners. This strategy has worked extremely well domestically over the past seven years where we have launched more new brands than any other media company and these brands are finding real audience strength and advertisers support. This past quarter alone, ID delivered 16% viewership growth, OWN was the number one cable network on Tuesday and Wednesday nights with African-American women, Destination America and Velocity were both up 20% in their key demo and our newest brand American Heroes channel was up almost 10%. Most of these channels did not exists four years ago and are now positioned for substantial growth in the years ahead. And earlier this month, we announced our latest network Discovery Life which will debut in January on what is now Discovery Fit and Health. The growth of our portfolio is also delivering significant value to our distribution partners. The deals we have completed reflect the value of our must-have content with increased annual escalators while also providing additional subscribers for some of our emerging networks. The result is faster organic affiliate growth this year than a year ago and we expect this trend to continue as we complete additional agreement in the years ahead. On the International front, Discovery celebrated its 25th Anniversary in the second quarter and since the initial launch of Discovery Channel in 1989, the company has been steadily investing in local infrastructure, brand awareness and commercial relationships in almost every market in the world. Today, we have an unmatched global platform with an average of eight channels in more than 230 countries reaching over 2.5 billion subscribers. We are still seeing pay-TV expand nicely with subscriber growth across the portfolio especially in countries like Brazil and India where there is increasing demand for content from burgeoning middle class. But the real upside is turning this valuable distribution into an even a stronger content offering like we did recently with the launch of TLC in Germany and ID Extra in Simia. Having the distribution to light up new global brands and utilize content that has universal appeal is a key element driving our steady and consistent organic growth. The third driver and our key differentiator of the company’s success is without question, our International business and unrivaled global portfolio. The company passed the key inflection point this past quarter. As a result of the organic growth of our International business coupled with the closing of our controlling interest in Eurosport, we now generate more than half of our revenue outside of the U.S. Over the years, we have immersed ourselves in individual market dynamics and established key relationships to meet demand and deliver value to advertisers, affiliates and audiences. We have also been extremely successful in globalizing our home-grown content and brands. Two notable examples of the power of our global brands of the success of TLC and ID. TLC now reaches 260 million subscribers in 187 countries and territories. Making TLC, the number one most distributed women’s brand in the world and ID has over 80 million subscribers in a 155 markets. And in 2014 we have taken content from Velocity and Turbo brands around the world. Now reaching nearly 40 countries and over 60 million viewers outside the U.S. and we continue to see strong interest in this category and channel. Our investment in building stronger brands growing our distribution and opening local offices with sales teams on the ground is fueling strong organic advertising growth and we are still very much in the early innings as the driver of this growth should be sustainable for years to come. The continued penetration of pay-TV will continue to be a catalyst as we broaden our reach and attract more ad volume and much like the U.S. where ad pricing on our younger networks is well below parry for the audiences they are generating, the discount internationally is even greater. As we closed this gap as well as the significant gap between broadcast and cable we have the opportunity to deliver consistent organic growth over the next several years. Finally, we are always looking for ways to build scale in key markets to take advantage of our first mover advantage in many regions and continue to strengthen our portfolio and offerings. Our first priority remains driving the momentum across our existing international portfolio so, we can maximize the organic opportunity that our international platform provides, but we are also always looking for external opportunities that will further deepen our relationships with advertisers and distributors over the long-term. We are seeing that in the Nordics as our Discovery suite of networks benefit from the increased scale we now have in the region. In addition, we couldn’t be more bullish about the opportunities we have with Eurosport which reaches more subscribers across Easter and Western Europe than ESPN in the U.S. We view sports as a form of factional entertainment and must have content that complements our existing global portfolio. It’s only been a month but we are already seeing opportunities to co-sell, co-package improve rights offerings and augment our non-fiction portfolio. A nice example is the French Open which delivered its best ratings ever for Eurosport. In the semifinal and final matches, we’re also broadcast on Discovery Max in Spain with record ratings over 20% share. Moving forward we will be exploiting our local infrastructure and teams to maximize the flagship Eurosport across more than 70 countries while bolstering and launching targeted Eurosport feeds into growth markets. Eurosport will have access to Discovery’s global reach local sales expertise strong global brands season management team and the opportunity to optimize content and attract more audiences across Discovery’s suite of networks. Discovery gains Eurosport’s must-have sports content and IP. Its live production capabilities, Pan regional sales expertise and innovative digital services. Besides Discovery there are not many media companies that have the relationships and infrastructure to take advantage of opportunities like this in markets around the world. Overall Discovery has had a great first six months in 2014, delivering strong organic financial results while further investing in content growing our global business, creating strong brands and building scale in key growth markets around the world. With sustained momentum across our global portfolio and a relatively healthy operating environment we are well positioned to deliver additional growth in the remainder of the year. Looking further ahead, we feel we are uniquely positioned to deliver sustained growth and build long-term shareholder value given the brands we have built and the upside our global footprint provides. And now I will turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew Warren: Thanks, David, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. In the second quarter we continue to execute very well on our primary financial goals of achieving solid global revenue growth, expanding base business or OIBDA margins, delivering strong adjusted earnings per share growth and returning over $500 million of capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program. On a reported basis, total company revenue in the second quarter increased 10% led by 23% international growth which is partially offset by 2% decline at the U.S. networks through the inclusion last year of licensing revenue related to a Netflix agreement. Excluding the impact of licensing revenue and foreign currency as well as the contribution from Eurosport following its consolidation as of the end of May. Total company revenue growth was 9%, double-digit advertising growth and high single-digit distribution growth. Total operating expenses on a reported basis increased 12% in the second quarter primarily due to the inclusion of the Eurosport business. Excluding this acquisition, the content cost associated with the year ago licensing agreement, as well as the impact from foreign currency movements, total company expenses increased 7% versus 2Q ‘13 primarily due to increased content costs as we continue to invest in strengthening our global network portfolio. On a reported basis, adjusted OIBDA in the second quarter increased 6%. Excluding the impact of Eurosport, foreign currency and licensing revenue, adjusted OIBDA grew 11% which resulted in margin expansion of nearly 100 basis points versus the second quarter a year ago. Net income available to Discovery Communications increased 26% to $379 million driven by the strong operating performance as well as by a $29 million gain associated with the step up value from raising an ownership interest in Eurosport to 51% and a $31 million pretax gain from the sale of our display based digital business How Stuff Works. Additionally, the quarter included $15 million of higher equity earnings, primarily from improved results at OWN as we successfully lowered our effective tax rate by 250 basis points to just over 35%. Note that Eurosport's contribution to net income was not significant in the quarter as the OIBDA generated was mostly offset by higher purchasing accounting amortization associated with the acquisition. The purchase price allocation to amortizable trade names, distribution contracts, broadcast licenses and other assets will result in additional amortization expense in 2014 of about $33 million and $51 million of Eurosport amortization anticipated for 2015. Total company adjusted net income, it is a more relevant metric from a comparability and valuation perspectives as it excludes the impact from non-cash amortization of acquired intangible assets was $405 million for the second quarter of this year, a 22% improvement versus the $333 million for the second quarter of 2013. Earnings per diluted share for the second quarter was $1.09, 33% above the second quarter a year ago, while adjusted earnings per diluted share was $1.16, a 27% improvement versus 2Q 2013. Looking at the last 12 months, adjusted net income increased 29% to $1.3 billion while the adjusted earnings per diluted share increased 35% to $3.62. Free cash flow in the second quarter of $202 million declined by $109 million versus a year ago as the strong operating performance was more than offset by higher tax payments resulting from the exploration of the accelerated content cost recovery under Section 181. Over the last 12 months, free cash flow increased by 9% to $1.2 billion due to the stronger operating performance partially offset by the higher cash tax payments and content investments. Content spending during the second quarter excluding Eurosport increased by only mid-single-digits even as we continue to drive market share growth across the globe. Before I move on to the divisional results, I do want to highlight they were not part of our operating free cash flow, OWN continues to increase its cash flow generation and repay Discovery $20 million in the second quarter. Turning now to the operating units. The U.S. networks continue to perform well during the second quarter. Well on a reported basis, total domestic revenue was down 2% that was due entirely to the licensing revenue we recognized a year ago as we extended our Netflix agreement. While the licensing revenue is lumpy given that they are recognized upon delivery of the content. We are still recognizing cash flow in the current year from our existing Netflix agreement. Organically, domestic revenues were up 4% excluding the impact of licensing revenues with advertising and distribution growth partially offset by a $7 million decline in other revenues. As I mentioned last quarter, our U.S. networks have increased their programming being shared with the international networks rather than selling to third parties. So as a result we are now generating lower content licensing sales. We anticipate a similar trend in other revenues for the remainder of this year. Domestic advertising revenues increased 5% in the quarter as a stable pricing environment and higher delivery cost from majority of our younger networks more than offset the anticipated headwinds from the cancellation of our Everest live event and the sale of the How Stuffs Works platform. Looking ahead to the third quarter, given the relatively stable current ad market trends with scattered pricing up high single to low double-digits from last year’s upfront negotiations. We anticipate ad sales growth will at least be in the mid-single-digit range even with the sale of How Stuff Works as well as the difficult comparison to the 12% ad sales growth we generated in the third quarter a year ago. Distribution revenue increased 6% during the second quarter excluding licensing revenue as we recognize the higher rates, we were able to secure during the latest round of a slight negotiations. Please note that while there are organic growth rate for full year revenue will continue to be in the same range of the remainder of the year. The reported affiliate growth will continue to be impacted for both the additional licensing revenue we recognized in this third and fourth quarters of 2013 as well as on a new licensing deals we may complete during the remainder of this year. Looking at the cost side, domestic operating expenses declined 4% from the second quarter 2013 primarily due to higher content cost a year ago associated with the licensing deal with Netflix. Last year’s second quarter also included programming and marketing cost associated with broadcasting SkyWire Live on Discovery. Domestic adjusted OIBDA declined 1% on a reported basis versus last year’s second quarter but increased 8% excluding the impact of licensing agreements with margin expanding fully 200 basis points versus the second quarter a year ago. Turning now to international operations. The reported results include the impact of Eurosport which for comparability purposes my following international comments referred to the results excluding this acquisition. Additionally, now that we have fully cycled through the acquisition of the SBS Nordic assets. We will today and going forward be discussing them as part of our overall organic base business. International segment continue to deliver very strong momentum across our global operations this past quarter as revenue is expanding 15% led by 18% advertising and 10% affiliated growth. Excluding the impact of exchange rates, total revenue growth was 14% with the ad revenue increasing 17% and affiliate revenue remaining at 10%. The 17% advertising growth was broad based with double-digit increases across nearly every region head by Western Europe primarily from the continued success of our Free the Air initiatives in Italy, Spain and the UK. Latin America from increased volumes across the region and Simia from both Poland and Africa. The quarter is also include an additional eight days of results from the SBS Nordic businesses given the April 9th close the year ago. But the international business still delivered solid double-digit ad growth despite a greater than expected negative impact from the World Cup. On the affiliated front, the 10% affiliate revenue increase in the quarter excluding currency was driven primarily by subscriber growth especially in Latin America from the continued expansion in pay television in Brazil and Mexico and in Central and Eastern Europe from additional subs at Russia and new launches in Turkey and in Middle East. Note that the affiliated growth would have been in the high single-digits excluding the additional days associated with the SBS closed timing a year ago. Turning to the international cost side. Operating expenses were up 13% in the second quarter excluding currency primarily driven by higher content amortization and increased personnel costs as we further expand our global footprint. The additional costs also reflect the inclusion of eight extra days in the SBS Nordic business as well as higher cost during the acquisition of the Raw Production Studio in the UK. International segment delivered 15% adjusted OIBDA growth in the second quarter, excluding foreign currency. As our international team continues to significantly grow revenues plus thoughtful investing in long term growth initiatives. Very importantly now that we are fully cycle through the acquisition of the SBS Nordic business, we expanded international organic margin by 50 basis points including SBS but excluding Eurosport and currency fluctuations. Now focusing on our overall financial position with a strong balance sheet and sustained financial and operational momentum and given our gross leverage targets and long range free cash flow per share assumptions. We had the opportunity to both continually returning capital to shareholders and investing in our global businesses. This past quarter, Discovery repurchased over $500 million of stock and we anticipate returning more capital to shareholders through our buybacks in 2014 that we did in 2013. Since we began buying back shares towards the end of 2010, we have spent over $5.2 billion buying back shares, reducing the outstanding share count by over $102 million shares or 24%. Before I update our guidance for 2014, please note that current expectations include preliminary purchase accounting adjustments associated with the Eurosport transaction which may change once finalized. We will update you on our next call, if they change materially. Currently we continue to be encouraged by the sustained momentum across our business portfolio and the robust ad sales trends in many of our global markets. We remain on track to hit our original expectations of 2014 but are narrowing the guidance ranges to reflect the delayed close of the Eurosport transaction, foreign currency headwinds versus our original expectation, the less robust U.S. ad sales environment and higher corporate cost associated with accelerated stock compensation and professional fees, therefore for the full year 2014, we now expect total revenues to be between $6.45 and $6.525 billion. Adjusted OIBDA to be between $2.6 billion and $2.65 billion, net income to be between $1.225 billion and $1.75 billion and adjusted net income of $1.34 billion to $1.4 billion. This is the first time that we’ve ever guided adjusted net income and we will continue to do so into the future, as this critical profit metrics best underscores the true bottom line operating performance of the company. Thank you for your time this morning. Now David and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Todd Juenger from Sanford C. Bernstein. Please proceed.
Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein: Thank you very much. David thanks for your comments in the opening remarks around Eurosport and lot of the stuff that you guys have been doing over in Europe I wonder if you could expand on that a little and just think a bit longer term, when you put all of that together Eurosport, SBS, All3Media, other things you may be contemplating on there, what ultimately are you trying to build in Europe for Discovery, what sort of presence do you hope to have their overtime and any sort of indications of what sort of growth that implies if you’re successful? Thanks
David Zaslav: Thanks Todd. Well first our international business has never been stronger, last year we became the number one pay-TV media company in the world but more importantly we have more channels in more countries than any other media company and we started to populate those channels with better content, stronger brands and we’re growing market share over the last few years, 20% so a lot of the growth we are seeing in Western Europe is that the cost of getting local internationally most of that cost has been born already over the last 7 or 8 years, we have local teams throughout all of Eastern and Western Europe, Latin America and Asia and our content is getting stronger. So even in a flat market, which is what the advertising market is like or even down in some of Eastern and Western Europe, particularly Western Europe, we’re able to grow mid-teens, high-teens early 20s and that really is about the fact that our content is resonating. What Eurosport does is it just adds more must-have content, to pick up between 1 and 4 channels in 70 countries that we’re already in and to have all that IP and to be able to bring that to the advertising market and bring it to the distribution market with almost no additional cost, we think it’s really valuable. As important is the fact that we own all of that IP and it allows us to talk to partners about sharing content, about joint bidding for content and many of those partners will be distributors that we already have 8, 10, 12 channels with. So, we have found a lot of players in Eastern and Western Europe that are looking for to align around sports which is very attractive for us when we can package up all of our other channels and leadership. But for us Eastern and Western Europe is a very important market, where we are finding great success but Latin America is probably our strongest market right now, we have Discovery Kids which is the number one cable network in Brazil not the number one kid’s network. But the number one cable network, we also got early to the market with Discovery Home and Health down in Latin America, we have Discovery, we have TLC, we have Animal Planet, Science, we have five of the top 20 channels in Latin America. And we’re getting a lot of organic growth down there and we’re seeing big, big growth in India. So I would say our international business has never been stronger, our leadership position has never been as advanced and it’s one of the reason why I am spending more than half of my time outside the U.S. and one of the key elements of that is, how do we take our portfolio and make sure we have more must-have content, in Latin America it’s Kids together with Discovery and women’s programming and in Eastern and Western Europe it’s our men’s and women’s programming together with sports and that’s key for us, how do we continue to build our IP but our international business right now is just accelerating.
Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein: Thanks a lot. A very quick follow-up if you don’t mind Andy on the international revenue line, there was a nice growth in the other component which looks it was attributed to production studios, maybe that was Raw or was that something else anything you can tell us what that is and whether it will recur would be great? Thanks.
Andrew Warren: Sure a big driver Todd the Eurosport licensing some of the content they have rights, they sell off some of the rights that they can’t utilize fully. So you will see that kind of be a sustained level of growth as we annualize the Eurosport acquisition.
Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein: Got it thanks.
Craig Felenstein: Next question operator please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bank from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you very much. So a question about the domestic side and particularly on advertising I guess, I think Andy gave us some pretty healthy pricing and you know in some sense of the domestic ad market but your slight guidance range narrowing also kind of sighted softer advertising. So, I guess how do you reconcile the strong pricing with kind of tepid tone of ad markets and what do you think is impacting that market, I know there has been press that it was sum of weak upfront for the cable networks generally can we get your take on the upfront environment, the upfront process as well. Thank you very much.
David Zaslav: Sure, thanks David. Well first let me hit the upfront, for us the upfront looks like mid-single-digit we decided to sell less into the upfront market, the volume is not as strong as it was last year, having said that, the pricing in scatter for the past two, three years has been strong and the pricing in scatter is strong today. So, our view was given that the pricing was mid-single and that the volume was a little lighter that we didn’t want to sell into it. So we’ve held more inventory back if the scatter market performs similar to what it’s done in the last few years will have some significant upside for having that extra inventory. The advertising market in general has been good on pricing and a little bit year-over-year down on volume and for us at least we’ve decided to hold our CPMs and not go for that volume, you see some of that in the performance. The other thing is that we’ve had some tough comps with the Olympics, the cancellation of Everest and we sold How Stuff Works which had some impact. So when you at the last few quarters for us we see and we think some deceleration of volume, some unusuals that maybe held us back a few points but we also think we’ve left some money on the table. And so Joe Abruzzese and I and the leadership team have been focusing on how do we really maximize our rating points to get more value, so I think it’s those three together.
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Kennan] from Barclays. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Just a couple of questions. The first is when you look at your tax rate I mean are there strategic options for you now that your revenues are more than 50% coming from international market that you could look at specially in terms of inversions and so on. And secondly in terms of Eurosport I mean what’s the kind of cost cadence that we should expect in terms of soccer is that a big priority going forward in terms of acquiring the rights.
David Zaslav: Let me do Eurosport and then Andy will talk to the where we’re in terms of tax and what our opportunities are. Eurosport is a profitable business that has significant growth built in as it is today. They have locked in tennis, winter sports, cycling and track and field and those are locked in for the next few years. And just by going into local feeds using the resources of Discovery we think we could build the brand, we could enhance the performance in a meaningful way. So the question then since we have between one and four channels is we have a very stable and growing asset. What our options to build it, we will be disciplined, the idea of joint bidding in many of these markets can be very attractive. Often there are bidders you have two distributors bidding for content or you have a distributor bidding for content against a broadcaster and maybe in either case they don’t have enough platforms to carry all the content. And so we’ve had a lot of conversations where we can align, we can align on a disciplined basis, we could do it where we can get more must-have content which will enhance our brand but we could do it in a way that is either has good economic return in the near-term or has good economic return and allows us to pick-up all of our channels in a particular market and realign our relationship on the distribution side with the distributor. So I think when you see us bidding on assets, you should assume that we’re looking at it and we’re only going to bid if we think that it will at the very least in the medium and long-term provide more shareholder value for us. But I would look carefully at where we joint bid because we have a lot of great distribution partners around the world and many of them are interested in taking advantage of our platforms and our infrastructure and expertise and that could be a real helper to us where we can play in sports in a way that’s effective. There is no reason – we don’t see any reason to make a big bid to try and build the channel, we already have the channels, so it’s really a question of what do we put on it to build the brand and make more value for shareholders and make our overall portfolio stronger.
Andrew Warren: Your tax question is a very good one, one that we agree is a real opportunity for us, it’s something we’ve been very focused on for last couple of years. And if you look at the benefit that we’ve been driving so far this year, second quarter our effective tax rate was down 250 basis points. And the theory is really this as we continue to grow our content investment more-and-more of that content is being utilized outside the United States, so we’re domiciling all of that contents in places that not only do we have operations but also it is quite frankly more tax effective. So you will continue to see that reduction in effective tax rate throughout 2014 and you will see that accelerating in 2015. So regarding your inversion question. Look for us we’re going to continue to drive our effective tax rate down as I mentioned and given our deferred tax rate stuff structures we should have cash taxes below our effective tax rate. But inversion really it comes to down to really the strategic value whatever that alignment or acquisition could be. Inversion makes a very good deal better it doesn’t make a bad deal good. And so for us it’s really all about the overall structure and leveraging the operations we have internationally.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thank you, good morning. David just picking up a little bit more on your M&A strategy and also some comments that John Malone made in the journal this week about scale and the need or the opportunity for scale. You over the last 18 months or so two years at least to us outside have diversified a bit in terms of genre, you’ve got a little more vertically integrated with TV production obviously sports some serialized drama probably SBS. Why not take the opportunity given the rate environment to continue to build scale, diversify a bit into other parts of the ecosystem and take advantage of the opportunity you have in front of you today, your guy’s one of few global players with the scale today to continue to take advantage of those things. I realize those have implications potentially for margins and growth rates which I think the market is digesting at the moment. But do you see the opportunity and is it exciting for you to think about continuing on this path to build Discovery to be a meaningfully larger company in different kinds of businesses maybe than you were in four or five years ago?
David Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Well first and foremost we have a great organic growth story that’s intact and accelerating outside the U.S and inside the U.S. We see growth and we look at what we’ve done over the last year and we think we can do better. Our brands are still strong, we’re growing market share here in the U.S and we could even lean harder into the ad sales market and do even better. So we think the organic growth story is very compelling for us and there is a lot of kind of easy fruit, in a lot of these markets like India, Brazil, Mexico, Eastern Europe where we have 10, 11, 12 channels and subscribers are growing significantly and more-and-more viewers are moving to cable and advertisers you want to catch those. So there is a significant piece of our organic business that we’re just well positioned on. Having said that because we have infrastructure everywhere in the world. Local teams, selling and programming we are able to very quickly look at what’s out there and yet you are bigger in a way that we can grow faster and pick up IP and have more scale for our negotiations with advertisers and distributors is attractive but it’s all a matter of price. In the last 18 months we’ve done some acquisitions but we’ve done acquisitions that we think are really in line with our business for the SBS it’s 30% sub-fees, a lot of IP got us a lot of scale in the market, we have fair amount of synergy, we continue to take advantage of that. Eurosport which really just comes on top of our infrastructure. So we will look but again when you see – when you take a look at scale one of the most important things we did was we went from 4% of viewership on cable both in the last 7 years to 12, the fact that we know have 14 channels and many of those channels are channels that people are spending time with and affinity groups they love, having OWN, having ID that didn’t exist to be the number two channel in day time and in late night and the number four channel for women overall. That 12% scale is very important today. At this consolidation here in the U.S if we had 4% scale that would be real issue for us, outside the U.S the fact that we have six broadcasting networks and six cable networks in Italy gives us a – we’re the third largest player and the largest outside media company in Italy and the biggest media company in Eastern and Western Europe in terms of pay-TV, that’s important and so we do want to get bigger in Brazil, we want to get bigger in Mexico, we want to get bigger in Europe and Asia but we need to do it on a disciplined basis. And when we see our businesses growing over 20%, – 18%, 19%, 20%, 22% you can accumulate a lot of growth in a short period of time by just staying the course and doing what you are doing. So we’re looking, we certainly have a great team and great synergy and a lot of momentum. We feel comfortable that there aren’t the right assets that we continue to scale up as it is.
Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: That’s helpful. And does Sky Europe factor into that at all you are sort of starting to see Europe move a bit in the consolidation sort of pact the USA have?
David Zaslav: Yeah we had a very good relationship with Sky Jeremy Barrett in most cases we sell our advertising in markets around the world in the UK Sky sales our advertising so they are the biggest distributor and they our advertising, we have 15 channels in the UK we have a very strong relationship with Jeremy, we have been very effective and I think a very symbiotic with Sky Italia, with Sky Deutschland, we also have a good relationship with FoxTel in Australia. So, I think you know part of this is building relationship and those relationships are often built on how long you have been in the market, how important your content is to the viewers and so I think we are in that relationship with Newscorp by having a lot of channels, important content that matters, it allows us to partner up, so I think there is no question consolidation raises issues, the fact that we have significant scale in those markets, I think is very helpful to us.
Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Andrew Warren: And Ben from a purely financial operating perspective on your acquisition question, 2Q is an important proof point for us when we annualize SBS, you look at the overall margin profile the company up 100 basis points, international up 50 basis points, it really showed and demonstrated you know the kind of command control that we talked about, that we are going to be grow margins off the new base, when you leverage this dataset, you know our infrastructure our ability to grow both the topline and leverage our cost base.
Benjamin Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thanks Andy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen From Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Thank you, you mentioned early in the call that there is a CPM gap on the newer channels, so I am just wondering if you could give us a range of what you think it is, in the U.S. as well as I think you said outside the U.S. as well that you feel like you are not really monetizing to the full potential?
David Zaslav: Sure thanks Jessica. It’s in the U.S. it’s quite meaningful it – I think it’s going to take us another 2-3 years to at least on ID and we have been added on ID to get our fair share on CPM, the bad news is that it’s taking a long time, the good news is that we are making significant progress, we have really started on a very low base, I don’t think anybody expected that we would be aggregating these kind of female audiences with the length of view and scale of what ID has become. So, we are now starting to sell it really as a must have product, we are number two in day time, number two in late night. But it’s going to take time, the good news about that, there is some built in growth, same thing with Destination America and as look at some of our growing networks that’s going to provide real growth to us, so if the market – if the markets CPM are lower you should expect to see as those channels grow higher growth from us, outside the U.S. it’s even bigger, because we just rolled out TLC 18 months ago, into almost 190 countries ID we’ve rolled into about 150 countries in the last year and we are going to roll it out to another 50 in the next 12 months and we are getting accelerated viewership on those two channels in a meaningful way, one of the real advantage as we have outside the U.S. is that you go to France and you put on a TV, you are going to Italy and you put the TV on, it’s just the much, much less competitive environment. So as we launch – you launch a channel here in the U.S. you are one of 200 or 220 if you launch a channel in Russia in the Ukraine and Italy you are one of 50, one of 40, one of 60 and also just rationally the pay-TV market is more like it was 7, 8 years ago maybe 10 years ago in the U.S. so younger viewers are watching more of cable advertisers are starting to move over. So, we see a bigger gap. Finally I would say that one – when you look at the U.S. subscribers are flat, viewership is flat. So, it’s a pretty tough market, the one win at our back in cable is that there is still a meaningful CPM differential between broadcast and cable and it’s becoming less and less easy to justify. Primetime is probably the best justification, but when you look at the kind of viewership that we get on for instance ID in late night or ID during the day it’s much more difficult to do that, so I think you’ll continue to see over the next couple of years that gap not just for us but for cable versus broadcast come down.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Can I just the similar question on the affiliated deals a lot similar, but internationally how often do these deals come up and how much of your distribution revenue growth is – pure sub growth and how much are we starting to see affiliates for sub increase, I know we are way behind the U.S. but what kind of increase are you seeing.
David Zaslav: Well, outside of the U.S. is a shorter cycle so it tends to be about 3 year deals and the deal work differently and we are trying to change that. Most of the growth that you are seeing is actual subscriber growth, not pricing growth and the good news we are not the only one trying to change that now. Now there are some markets that have very high growth, we are just getting on that boat and going along with the sub growth is still hell of a ride, but there are number of markets that have slowed down, we are going to take now our scale and we have whatever our 10 channels or our 14 channels in the markets and really starting to drive through pricing growth. So I think over the next few years if we are successful you will see more of pricing growth where you know historically just been sub growth.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America, Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Craig Felenstein: Next question operator.
Operator: The next question from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Nomura. Please proceed.
Anthony J. DiClemente – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd: (inaudible) for the trajectory, international ad growth the number that’s apples-to-apples with the 17% growth that you guys put in the release, I was just wondering if you can give us that number in the 2Q excluding the unfavorable impact, the World Cup until showed we expect that 17% to actually re-accelerate given the impact of the World Cup into the second half? I have a follow-up thanks.
David Zaslav: The World Cup did have an impact on us having sent in that 17 was also few days of – there was some stuff in and some bad stuff out, if you took all that away, we would have still been well into the teens, even despite World Cup probably better than that if the World Cup wasn’t there, I don’t know Andy.
Andrew Warren: That’s correct, the – when you take some of those kind of unique items, we were still like a teen ad sales growth company internationally and we certainly expect that to continue in the third and fourth quarter, just really given the whole notion of share of wallet following share of viewership, in many of our key markets we still see our viewership and our share being much greater and our share of ad sales wallet. So, that cycle of catching up will really benefit us I think for many years to come.
Anthony J. DiClemente – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd: Thank you Andy and then David, just Liberty Global has been a partner viewer I wonder if we could get your thoughts on Liberty Global acquisition of 7% of IPV have you consider partnering with John and with Liberty Global on that, I mean it seems to me that you would make sense to part of your free to air acquisition strategy on a fundamental level and then referring to an earlier question tax level, it could have been or could be helpful in terms of potential Inversion strategy. So, just want to get maybe your or Andy thoughts on that particular asset? Thanks
David Zaslav: Well, we don’t – we are not going to comment on any specific transactions but Liberty Global John and Mike Fries have built a great company and we like working with them, we like working with Rupert and Jason and James and Jeremy on the Sky platform throughout Europe, we see ourselves as partners with all of our major distributors and we are always looking for opportunities to work with our distributors to create more scale, more distribution revenue, better advertising, CPMs but that’s it.
Anthony J. DiClemente – Nomura Securities Co. Ltd: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani of JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan: Thank you. Is there any more color you can provide on the ongoing affiliate negotiations and do you sort of believe the dynamics may change at all upon the closure of the proposed consolidation on the distribution side? And then just a follow up on the previous comment you made about CPM gap and narrowing that gap domestically, I guess any can you continue to see that now a bit with the volume right here.
David Zaslav: On the consolidation here in the U.S. First it looks like those deals are going to take meaningfully longer than expected. So I think in terms of the timing of the close of those deals it’s looking like it will be mid to at least mid-next year maybe later than that with the number of transactions that need to go through the system. And the implications of those very large consolidations. For us our focus is we’re now almost a 12% viewership on cable we were at 4 how do we drive that to ‘13, ‘14, ‘15 how do we make own stronger Discovery TLC. So certainly consolidation raises meaningfully as used where is to looking at it. We’re thinking hard about it as is all content owners in the business join to get that out. So we’ll continue to do that. On the CPM side, it’s we’re very focused on driving CPM value and we will often hold on price and walk away from business because in the long-term getting the value that we deserve for the quality audience we provide is how we’re gone get meaningful growth. And so you probably see us at the front inline of standing on price. And it does take longer with some of the newer networks and so we’ve been working with the advertisers and we feel like the more term is been with Destination America, Velocity, ID the more they’re gone want to come back. But on the volume side we walked away from dollars there and we’ll continue to.
Alexia Quadrani – JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. Please proceed.
Michael Nathanson – MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks. Let me just ask Andy. Andy, firstly you mentioned and we saw the cost were down in the US this quarter. So we look at the year as whole where do you think the right level of cost growth for US to the US for the whole year?
Andrew Warren: Yes Michael we’ve been very focused as we’ve talked about the cost structures and driving productivity and showing that we can sustain the level of profit free cash flow growth and part of that comes from just management of cost as aggressively as we can. So I think for the year, we expect kind of a mid-single-digit cost go through the U.S. net. We’ve talked about kind of on the content side be a more kind being in the mid to high and on the SG&A side kind a being low to mid. We have in the last several quarters only increased content spending growth kind of mid-single-digits which is certainly help the content profile going forward. There will be one meaningful exception to the growth rate which is the – another walk that we have in the fourth quarter. We’re excited about that and the impact that it will have on ratings in the top-line but to assume it’s a meaningful cost associated with that kind of live event.
Michael Nathanson – MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. And then maybe I guess follow up on ad slot. Are you sort any – deals in the second half of the year within your guidance?
Andrew Warren: No we’re not. So basically where we are assuming a continuation of the current deals in place so not assuming any large deals. So for the year approximately $10 million of kind of SVOD revenue from the Netflix deal that we already had previously.
David Zaslav: Having said that, we see significant value in our basket of content. We own all of the content we put on our ‘14 channels, the quality of that content it continues to get better the characters to storytelling the diversity of audiences. So we think that content is very valuable in on all platforms including SVOD as do the SVOD providers. And we’re in discussions with all of them and if we feel that whether it’s over the next few months or longer we will have some SVOD relationships that are benefit that are mutually beneficial.
Michael Nathanson – MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay thanks, David.
Craig Felenstein: We have time for one last question operator.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of [John Chennades] from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: David you’ve talked about tripling of viewership share. Since last quarter’s call there is been concern about TV ratings broadly. Can you talk about the weakness, do you think it’s in your pocket on the content side of the business, the change in viewership average timing issue or something else.
David Zaslav: I think viewership on cable is pretty stable it’s not a great story in the US, it’s flat. People are spending more time watching TV in general that’s what the data says on the other hand when you added all up, it’s basically flat. So it’s you have to you need better content, we’re focusing on instead of just more content having be stronger better characters better story more on brand. But the U.S. market is a bit of a challenge, but the good news is we have very good creative team over the last few years we’ve been able to grow. The as you look at the first half of the year I think cable in general outside of us is down about five but we’re up about one. So outside the U.S. we’re up almost 20. So it’s not easy picking here and most of the share that you get if we gain share somebody else loses share. Having said that the fact that when we own our content there are lot more buyers for it now there are number of players in over the top space that when acquire our content is SVOD. And mobile domestically in around the world that becoming more and more interested in content. And so I think the ability to grow in a big way here in the US aside from new channels which is where a lot of our growth is coming from is definitely not as easy as it used to be.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thank you everyone for joining us. If you have any follow up questions, please let us know.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes the call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein -  David M. Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director ,Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Discovery Communications Holding LLC and President of Discovery Communications Holding LLC  Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 1 2014 Discovery Communications, Inc.'s Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sue, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Craig Felenstein, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, Sir.
Craig Felenstein: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications' 2014 First Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy, after which, we will open the call up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2013, and our subsequent filing made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Discovery's off to another strong start in 2014. The consistent financial and operating momentum we have generated over the past several years continued in the first quarter. Solid organic growth, combined with contributions from our new international acquisitions, gave us a diversified and balanced performance across revenue streams, network brands and geographic regions. The sturdy foundation of our global business model continues to give us both sustained long-term organic growth but also great optionality to invest in future growth initiatives around the world. Our primary focus continues to be the same: exploit Discovery's unparalleled global infrastructure built over the last 29 years; invest in bigger, stronger brands with more content on the screen; increase our market share and audience delivery; and take advantage of the ad sales and platform opportunities that an evolving global media landscape provides. Given the deal activity across the industry right now, along with media speculation regarding potential Discovery involvement, I know there is some interest in our investment strategy, so let me take a few moments at the top to address that question. Our first priority remains to create long-term shareholder value by producing quality content that grows our audience and can be leveraged globally and across platforms. There is still plenty of organic growth ahead from the expansion of the global pay-TV sector. And with more people viewing more content on more screens than ever before, it is a great time to be in the content business, especially when you own all of your own content. Where we can put money back on the screen, into stronger brands, into new formats and talent, into valuable IP and top creative leadership, we will look to make the most of those opportunities. Secondly, we are opportunistic regarding acquisitions that exploit our strategic advantages, especially our local international sales force and technical infrastructure, and give us more must-have content, a stronger brand portfolio and more penetration in key growth markets around the world. We are very fiscally disciplined with regards to deploying capital and have great balance sheet flexibility. Given the strong organic growth opportunity across our asset base, we are only focused on assets that will help us sustain that profile over the long term, primarily complementary dual revenue stream channels that can provide more scale, like Eurosport and SBS; or assets that offer valuable IP or creative talent in must-have programming categories, like our recent acquisition of the award-winning production company, Raw. I will not comment on every auction or sale process that has been covered in the media lately, but I am confident of the rigor, discipline and strategic focus we are bringing to the marketplace to help supplement our strong organic growth. And if we cannot find any additional opportunities to strengthen our portfolio or position for the next generation of growth, we are committed to returning value to shareholders through our robust stock repurchase plan. Andy will provide some context surrounding our underlying financial results in a few minutes, but before he does, let me also walk you through the key drivers of our organic growth, along with some of the strategic initiatives we are focusing on to maintain momentum in the years ahead. Discovery's biggest driver is, without question, our ability to attract more and more viewers to our diverse channel lineup. Demand for high-quality content with great storytelling and compelling characters has never been higher, and our broad reach, combined with a sustained investment in stronger global brands, is enabling us to attract larger audiences worldwide. I mentioned on our year-end call that we have delivered 5 consecutive years of viewership growth across our domestic portfolio. And that momentum has certainly continued into 2014 as we delivered the best first quarter in the company's history. Viewership across our U.S. Networks was up 9% in primetime this past quarter among key adult 25 to 54 demo despite the competition from the Olympics. And this growth was broad-based, with success from established brands as well as from emerging networks as we identify and invest in new avenues to satisfy curiosity. The audience gains at our established networks were highlighted by TLC, which delivered 12% audience growth in its key women 25 to 54 demo, led by strong gains from returning favorites Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and the Little Couple; and ID, which generated viewership growth of over 30%. ID is now the fourth-ranked network for women 25 to 54 in Total Day despite only being in 85 million homes, and ID has the longest length of tune of any network on television. Discovery Channel ratings did decline year-on-year during the first quarter, primarily due to the Olympics' impact, but they have regained their momentum in April with viewership up 12% in primetime versus a year ago, led by returning hits Naked and Afraid, Fast N' Loud and Deadliest Catch. Catch returned for its 10th season 2 weeks ago and is delivering its largest audience in 3 years, remarkable staying power for this iconic series. As we further strengthen our established networks, we continue to broaden our portfolio by investing incrementally in an expanding set of emerging brands. I have said repeatedly that we believe we can invest wisely and deliver content that is unique and engaging. You can still attract new audiences and deliver real value to advertising and affiliate partners. No better example of this than the success of OWN network, which built upon its 25% audience growth in 2013 with viewership up 59% in the first quarter in its key women 25 to 54 demo, led by the return of Tyler Perry's hit series, The Haves and the Have Nots, and Love Thy Neighbor, along with the second season premiere of OWN original series Raising Whitley. Most importantly, OWN delivered significant cash flow and equity earnings to Discovery in Q1. And these returns should only grow given the momentum across the network. OWN is not the only emerging brand that is growing significantly. Destination America was up 25% this past quarter among people 25 to 54, while Velocity grew its key demo over 40%. And our newest network, the American Heroes Channel, was up 19% versus a year ago, when it was still the Military Channel. Driving the potential of our valuable distribution real estate by investing in new brands and breaking new ground that ignites viewers' curiosity remains a priority, and we will continue to invest incrementally in these networks if they demonstrate the ability to attract larger audiences. The ratings momentum we are generating across our portfolio has given us a good start to 2014, with 5% ad revenue growth this past quarter, but also puts us in a nice position heading into what we hope will be a robust upfront. While it's too early to predict where the upfront ultimately ends up, with scatter pricing well above last year's upfront, sustained ratings momentum across our networks and what I think is unquestionably the best ad sales team in the business, we expect to do very well in our discussions with our ad partners. Advertising is not the only area where we are capitalizing on the success of the content we have invested in over the last several years. Towards the end of 2013, we completed our latest round of affiliate negotiations, and we were very pleased with the outcome as our distribution partners continue to recognize the value of the brands we have built and the must-have content driving the audiences we deliver. While our investment domestically is certainly paying off in terms of market share gains, new avenues of growth and sustained financial momentum, there is no question that the U.S. is a more mature market. The faster growth today and the greater opportunity moving forward certainly lies internationally, where pay-TV penetration is still expanding nicely in many markets and where the investments we have made over the last 2 decades are allowing us to take full advantage of the burgeoning demand for high-quality content. It has been 25 years since we first launched our first channel across the U.K. and the Nordics, and we now have more channels in more markets with more subscribers than any other media company. The unmatched global distribution platform we have built is the backbone of our international growth as it enables us to not only capitalize on the further evolution of pay-TV, but given our local market experience, we can also quickly identify new opportunities to launch networks and satisfy new consumer demand. The result has been sustained double-digit subscriber increases, and while the rate of subscriber growth will certainly slow over time, pay-TV penetration is still well below 50% in countries like Brazil, Mexico and Turkey. So there is still room for continued distribution gains across our market position. As we benefit from an expanding subscriber base, we are also driving viewership with a more robust content offering so we can fully exploit the opportunities our unique market position provides. No better examples than the rollouts of TLC and ID. TLC and our female flagships now reach over 170 countries and territories and are the most widely distributed female lifestyle brands in the world. We just celebrated TLC's first anniversary in the U.K., and ratings in the quarter were up 130% versus the same period a year ago. ID's content is also resonating globally. It has now been rolled out to over 150 markets. And just last month, we launched ID Extra across parts of Central and Eastern Europe to further leverage the demand for crime and forensic content. The strength and local feel of the brands we have built, along with the subscriber growth we delivered this past quarter, resulted in overall viewership growth of 8% across our international portfolio. And this expansion is broad based. We are not overly reliant on any one region or country, with increases across every region, led by Brazil and Argentina in Latin America, Italy and the U.K. in Western Europe, India in Asia Pacific and Russia and South Africa in our CEEMEA region. The biggest upside internationally resides on the advertising front, and with more viewers watching our content than ever before, both from subscriber growth and a more robust programming offering, we are uniquely positioned to capture a greater share of a rapidly growing pay-TV ad market. As we focus on increasing share and maximizing the full organic growth potential inherent in our asset portfolio, we are also beginning to see some of the revenue upside from our SBS Nordic acquisition. We are still in the early days, but the Discovery suite of networks is certainly benefiting from the increased reach we have in the Nordic region, as the diversity and depth of our content offering is quite compelling to advertisers. At the same time, we expect to close shortly on a majority ownership position in Eurosport, and we can begin to combine the power of Eurosport's brands and audience reach with Discovery's network portfolio, local infrastructure and country-specific expertise. With networks in 54 countries and a diversified content portfolio of sports programming, Eurosport will complement our existing stable of assets and deliver new opportunities with advertising and affiliate partners. As I mentioned earlier, these assets only enhance the long-term growth we already are cultivating, and they further bolster our long-term outlook for deepening our geographic footprint, broadening our portfolio with new networks and brands and enhancing our creative pipeline with new talent, personalities and formats. Overall, Discovery is off to another strong start in 2014. Our primary focus remains strengthening our diverse brand portfolio so we can capture additional market share around the globe and take advantage of a generally stable worldwide operating environment. Given the operating momentum we are generating across the company and the opportunities our infrastructure provides, we fully expect to deliver sustained organic growth, even as we invest in building additional long-term shareholder value. And now let me turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew C. Warren: Thanks, David, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As David mentioned, Discovery is off to a very solid start to 2014, delivering strong organic growth as our content attracts more and more viewers around the globe and we leverage the many opportunities across our worldwide distribution platform. On a reported basis, total company revenue in the first quarter increased 22%, led by 51% international and 3% domestic growth. Excluding SBS Nordic, which was acquired in April 2013, as well as the impact of foreign currency and licensing revenue from our existing Netflix agreement, total company revenue growth was 8%, with double-digit global advertising growth despite the Olympics and high single-digit global distribution growth. Total operating expense on a reported basis increased 34% in the first quarter, primarily due to the inclusion of the SBS Nordic business. Excluding this acquisition and the impact from foreign currency movements, total company expenses increased 9% versus the first quarter a year ago, primarily due to anticipated higher marketing costs, while content expense growth returned to normalized levels, up 8%. On a reported basis, adjusted OIBDA in the first quarter increased 5%. Excluding SBS Nordic, as well as the impact of foreign currency and licensing revenue, adjusted OIBDA grew 6%. Net income available to Discovery Communications of $230 million was in line with the first quarter a year ago, which included $31 million of other income, due in large part to a $92 million gain associated with the step-up value from raising our ownership interest in Discovery Japan 80%. Excluding other income, net income was up 21%, primarily driven by the strong operating performance in the current year, a lower tax rate and a $43 million decline in mark-to-market equity-based compensation, partially offset by $51 million of increased amortization expense, primarily due to purchase accounting associated with the SBS Nordic acquisition. Earnings per diluted share for the first quarter was $0.66, 5% above the first quarter a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share, a more relevant metric from a comparability perspective as it excludes the impact from noncash acquisition amortization expense of intangible assets, was $0.75, a 19% improvement versus Q1 2013. Free cash flow in the first quarter of $213 million more than doubled versus a year ago, as the strong operating performance and lower tax payments were partially offset by higher content investment and stock-based compensation costs. It is important to note that content spend excluding SBS Nordic increased only mid single digits, even as we continue to drive market share growth across the globe. Before moving on to the divisional results, I do want to highlight that while not part of our reported free cash flow, OWN repaid Discovery $16 million in the first quarter versus receiving $14 million of funding in the same period a year ago, therefore a $30 million year-over-year improvement. Turning now to the operating units. The U.S. Networks continued to perform well during the first quarter, with total domestic revenues of 3% as advertising and distribution growth were partially offset by a $6 million decline in other revenues due to a decrease in content licensing sales as we increase the programming being shared with our International Networks rather than selling to third parties. We anticipate a similar negative trend in other revenues for the remainder of the year. Advertising revenues increased 5% in the quarter as a strong pricing environment and higher delivery across the majority of our networks more than offset softness at the Discovery Channel during the Olympics. Looking ahead to the second quarter, given the relatively stable current ad market trends with scatter pricing up high single to low double digits from last year's upfront negotiations, and with the ratings I mentioned that David mentioned, we anticipate ad sales growth will once again be in the mid single-digit range despite headwinds from the cancellation of our Everest Live events and the sale of HowStuffWorks platform. Excluding these items, we would have anticipated acceleration in ad sales during the second quarter. Distribution revenue growth domestically was 4% on a reported basis and 6% excluding licensing revenue as we recognized the higher rates we were able to secure during the latest round of affiliate negotiations. Please note that while the organic growth rate for fleet revenue will continue to be in the same improving range for the remainder of the year, the reported affiliate growth will be negatively impacted by the additional licensing revenue that we recognized in the second and third quarters of 2013 but offset by any new licensing deals that we may complete during the remainder of the current year. Looking at the cost side. Domestic operating expenses were up 5% from the first quarter of 2013, primarily due to anticipated higher marketing spend, most notably on the Discovery Channel for our scripted series Klondike. Domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 2% on a reported basis versus last year's first quarter and 3% excluding the impact of license agreements as the increased marketing costs partially offset the realized revenue growth. Turning to our international operations. Reported results include the impact of SBS Nordic, but for comparability purposes, my following international comments refer to the results excluding this acquisition. The international segment continued to deliver strong momentum across our global operations this past quarter with revenues expanding 11%, led by 24% ad and 6% affiliate growth. Excluding the impact of exchange rates, total revenue growth was 13%, with advertising revenue increasing 23% and affiliate revenue up 10%. The advertising growth is broad based, with double-digit increases across nearly every region, led by Western Europe, primarily from the continued success of our free-to-air initiatives in Italy, Spain and the U.K., and by Latin America from increased volumes across the region. Our Discovery suite of networks also benefited in the Nordic region from the greater reach we now have in the market following the SBS transaction. On the affiliate front, the 10% affiliate revenue increase in the quarter excluding currency was driven primarily by subscriber growth, especially in Latin America from the continued expansion of pay television in Brazil and Argentina and in Central and Eastern Europe from additional subs in Russia and new launches in Turkey and the Middle East. Please note that moving forward, as we include the SBS Nordic affiliate growth in our organic results, we anticipate organic international affiliate growth to be in the high single digits for the remainder of the year. Turning to the cost side. Operating expenses internationally were up 10% in the first quarter excluding currency, primarily driven by higher content amortization and increased personnel costs as we further expand our global footprint. The International segment delivered 18% adjusted OIBDA growth in the first quarter excluding foreign currency as the international team continued to significantly grow revenues by thoughtfully investing in key long-term growth initiatives. Taking a look at our financial position, with a strong balance sheet and sustained financial and operating momentum and given our gross leverage targets and long-range free cash flow per share growth assumptions, we have the opportunity to continue to return capital to shareholders as we invest in our global businesses. Discovery was precluded from buying back shares until our February earnings call, but we have repurchased over $450 million of stock thus far this year. And given our current expectations for uses of capital, we anticipate that we will continue to be aggressive with share repurchases for the remainder of the year. In total, since we began buying back shares towards the end of 2010, we've spent over $4.6 billion buying back shares, reducing our outstanding share count by 23%. Turning to the full year. Note that current guidance still assumes that the Eurosport transaction closes very soon, and while we have included the projected results and purchase accounting adjustments associated with the transaction in our full year expectations, these items are preliminary estimates, which we will update if the close timing shifts or other items change materially. We remain encouraged by the momentum across our asset portfolio and the continued strong pricing and demand environment in many of our key markets. Therefore, we are leaving our guidance unchanged despite meaningful foreign currency headwinds since we last reported as well as higher corporate costs associated with accelerated stock compensation and professional fees. For the full year 2014, we still expect total revenues to be between $6.45 billion and $6.625 billion, adjusted OIBDA to be between $2.6 billion and $2.725 billion and net income to be between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion. Again, thanks for your time this morning. And now Dave and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: David, you just had your upfront, and usually, you have a pretty good view as to what programming hours are going to be in the forward year versus what you produced in the prior year and what the cost might be. So you talked about the strategic priority of investing in your global footprint. Could you give us a sense of what kind of increase in programming hours and programming costs you're thinking about for next season or as we look forward? And Andy, you mentioned Eurosport's a soon to be -- assumed to close very soon in guidance. When do you think about close? What are the steps for that deal to be completed at this point?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Doug. We had a good upfront, and we're off to a good start in terms of our content for the year. For the quarter, we were up 10%, with real momentum at TLC, ID, American Heroes Channel, Destination America, Velocity, OWN. I mean, to be up 10% in Prime and 5% in Total Day while the rest of the industry was down 5% in Prime and down 4% in Total Day really reaffirms our core mission of growing market share. And all that content, or most of it, we own and get to take around the world. The fact that our content has been more successful is a helpful factor for us in terms of how much we need to invest. The more returning series we have, the more quality content we have on brand that's resonating, we can temper down our content investment. So whereas 2 and 3 years ago, we were in the mid teens in investment as we were really trying to find our voice on a lot of the channels, we then went to high single. We're now at mid single. So I would say between mid single and high single. And we're feeling quite good about our creative team domestically and internationally, which is really key for us, growing market share domestically and around the world.
Andrew C. Warren: And Doug, regarding the question on Eurosport. At this point, we have received all of our regulatory approvals. So we're going through kind of standard closing procedures and processes, which is why we anticipate closing soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify, you said, for the rest of the year, domestic affiliate growth excluding licensing in the same improving range. I just wanted to understand if that means continued sort of sequential acceleration. I just wanted to clarify that. And then my question, David, you talked about the biggest upside for our company, or at least internationally, is in ad sales. And Andy said that the growth was led this quarter by Western Europe, Italy, Spain, U.K., free-to-air. I think for a lot of people, those are just sort of tough markets to understand the dynamics internally, particularly because they are free-to-air networks driving your growth. So if you can, maybe spend a minute just telling us why the growth has been so strong, how sustainable it is, what the opportunity is in those markets as the free-to-air operators are coming in from the U.S. position that you've had. I know you have cable assets, cable network assets in those markets, but it's sort of a different approach that you've taken. And it seems to be working, so maybe spend a minute on the opportunity in those countries that seem to be driving a lot of your growth. That would be helpful.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. First, on the affiliate side, we were able to find some meaningful success with our new deals at the end of last year. So our affiliate rate has gone from 5 to 6. You'll see that go up throughout the rest of the year. So that locked-in affiliate subscriber fee growth rate will rise. It's a function of higher increases we were able to get, plus additional distribution, with fees, for a number of our channels. So we feel very good about that, and you'll see that coming through on a quarter-to-quarter basis and growing. On the ad sales side, we're really seeing -- we're seeing double-digit growth everywhere. And so the first piece is that Latin America has been very strong. So we have seen Western Europe, but Latin America continues to be very strong for us, Brazil and Mexico in particular, where we have 5 of the top 15 channels in Brazil, including the #1 channel in Brazil with Discovery Kids; and in Mexico as well, where we have 5 of the top 20 channels. So we're very well positioned there. In Western Europe, the idea of free-to-air is a little bit of a misnomer. We're getting our growth both from our pay-TV business, but the free-to-air channels are really -- it's a different model for us. We're not doing news, we're not doing sports and we're not doing a lot of original content. It's that we have a huge library of content in language that we can -- where we can launch a channel in Spain and have a very low cost base. And because Spain and Italy and Germany are very low-penetrated on pay-TV, we really have kind of a hybrid asset. We have a very low-cost, free-to-air channel that allows us to take advantage of a very strong advertising market, and we already have an ad sales team in place because we've been in those markets for 10, 15 years. In the case of Spain, we are newer to that market. But we're taking advantage of infrastructure, but I think it's fair to say that the growth has been very broad also in Asia and India, and Russia continues to be strong in Eastern Europe. So I think the free-to-air is helping us, but it's all been lapped. And we'll see it now as pure growth. And the fact that our market share in this past quarter grew an additional 8%, and the quarter before, we grew mid teens to almost 20%, we're seeing continued growth, and we think it's very sustainable because it's broad based.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente of Nomura.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I just have a couple for Andy. Andy, you mentioned the Mount Everest events that were canceled and then the sale of HowStuffWorks. I'm wondering if you could size for us in terms of revenue and OIBDA what those couple of items had previously been expected to contribute to your 2014 guidance outlook. And then also, Andy, just wanted to ask about the free cash flow generation. I think if I take the midpoint of your OIBDA guidance and I take, historically, what your EBITDA to free cash flow conversion has been, I get to pretty close to $1.3 billion of free cash flow in 2014. Is that in the range? Can you -- I know you don't give free cash flow guidance, but can you speak to that thought process on free cash flow?
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. And on the first piece, we clearly would have had more acceleration in the second quarter ad sales with Everest. We do expect to still see some acceleration in the second quarter relative to the first, but as I said, we'll expect, overall, to be in the kind of mid single-digit range. With regard to free cash flow, look, we're definitely seeing some nice flow-through, as you say, and a big driver of that is tax. Even though 181 was a huge benefit last year, on an apples-to-apples basis, our focus on tax and deferred taxes and reducing our effective tax rate is really allowing us to see more and more flow-through. But for this conversation, we're still going to focus on the $1.2 billion plus of free cash flow for the year as we continue to invest in content and take a look at how do we strengthen our international portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bank, RBC Capital.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So you walked through some pretty robust ratings trends at ID, Destination America, Velocity, American Heroes. You talked about the strength in the domestic portfolio, particularly at TLC on the more developed networks side, and you kind of went through the overhang of Everest and HowStuffWorks. I guess, given these ratings trends, do you think it's realistic to expect to be able to return to kind of high single-digit ad growth in the back half as you can monetize these ratings and some of the comps change on the basis of Everest and stuff? Are we looking to potentially get back to high single-digit ad growth?
David M. Zaslav: Well -- Dave, so first, this quarter, we were up 5%. The last time we went against the Olympics, we were up 3%. And we're up 5% against a quarter last year where we were up 8%. And part of that had to do with the fact that Discovery got hit pretty hard by the Olympics. The rest of our networks fared better, but Discovery, which is a significant piece, Discovery and TLC together, in terms of higher pricing and volume, got hit. It did -- we did rally, and we're up about 12% in Prime in April, so that's a good sign. For us, the good news is we're really in this for the long term, so when you look at ID and you look at Velocity and you look at TLC, we're kind of in a -- we view these things differently. We're generating content that we take all over the world. So when you see a show on ID, it's now in over 150 countries. It does take time to get pricing. Even though ID is the #4 network in America for women, we still don't get the pricing that we think we deserve on that. The good news is, we're doing much better this quarter than we did last, and we're doing much better than we did a year ago. And as we went into this upfront, ID had much more strength and credibility. It had the longest view on cable in terms of time people spend with it. So the good news here is our overall mission of investing more in content, more in brands and growing our market share is really a long-term play. You're going to see sustainable growth in our pricing on ID for the next 2 years, at least, before we get to where it should be. And so that'll continue to bear fruit. Velocity and Heroes Channel, they're -- and Destination America, they're kind of lower on the ladder, which is a goodie and a baddie. The baddie is we can't fully take advantage of the fact that these channels are doing really well and gaining significant share. The goodie is that every quarter, we're able to gain on price and it becomes more of a sustainable play. People still only watch 6 to 8 channels, and they're spending a lot more time watching ID, Velocity, TLC, Animal Planet. They're watching our channels. 8 years ago, we were about 4.5% of the share of viewership on cable. Today, we're almost 13% of the viewership on cable. And so to us, that is the characteristic. That is the piece of data that's most important. The advertising market can go up and down, but share is something that's pretty steady if you can get people spending time with your brand. So we look at these channels and we think they're real growth opportunities for us. And the same is true outside the U.S. We've launched ID in 150 countries and TLC in 170, and we're doing -- our pricing is getting better this year than it was last year, and it'll continue to bear fruit for us. So when you do see our numbers being high, and a lot of those might be that TLC and Discovery are up a little bit and these other are up a lot, you can do the math and see that we won't be able to get the full value of those right away, but we will be getting those values over the next few years.
Andrew C. Warren: And just to add, Dave, a little more color into that, look, the good news is, as David said, our audience share is up year-over-year and continues to grow. We still see some good scatter volume in the marketplace, and we still see scatter pricing up high single digits and low double digits relative to the last broadcaster front. On the challenging side, cancellations are up a little bit. Options are being taken a little bit more than prior year. So it's really going to depend on the scatter market and the ratings in the flagships, as Dave said, and, of course, how we do in the upfront in the next several weeks.
David M. Zaslav: The other thing that we've done is we could bring more money in if we went for value. But our view is that ID is now in 85 million homes. It will be in almost 90 million homes over the next 18 months. It's a top-5 channel in America, and rather than concede price, we're holding price. Destination America is doing really well for us, as is Velocity. And so in many cases, we're deciding not to take extra money in order to hold price, and we think that also will provide more sustainable growth and more value for us in the long term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a question on international and a couple on domestic. David, I totally appreciate that you don't want to get into any specifics of what's been in the press, but maybe just a comment on your kind of medium-term strategy outside the U.S. How much opportunity do you think there is to build new channels? And where do you think you'll need to buy or what kinds of things would you -- do you think you need to buy to strengthen the portfolio? And then domestically, I guess, just a couple of small ones. Do the newer deals include TV Everywhere rights? And if not, why not? Can you comment on any interest you have in doing some OTT deals à la what Disney did with Dish? And probably, DIRECTV, as we understand, is reaching out. And then finally just to follow-up on that SVOD comment that you guys made earlier. The you not selling at all -- it sounds like there won't be SVOD revenue until the fourth quarter. I think -- well, I just wasn't sure. Did you say it's because you want to keep your content for your own use? Can you clarify that?
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Jessica. First, on the international side, the good news is we are the largest platform media company in the world. We have, on average, 8 channels in 230 countries. So in most of those countries, of those 8 channels, we've done a really good job of getting 5 or 6 of those to be quite good, and we've been growing market share. We still have some work to do. We're in like the fourth inning in terms of our overall growth strategy internationally. We have the real estate, we have the sub fees and we're making the channels better. So we don't need to buy anything. Our market share is growing. We have a good reputation around the world. Our brand is well known. In most countries, Discovery is the #1 brand for men. TLC is doing extremely well and profitable. ID is doing very well, as is Animal Planet. What we're really trying to do is be opportunistic. We've spent a lot of money and a lot of time over the last 8 years getting local. So we now have local teams in virtually every country. We have creative teams, we have strategic teams, we have sales teams and distribution teams. And so the opportunity to evaluate an asset, to have synergy and to be -- for the right asset, to put it together with ours, is a -- we're very uniquely positioned. And so we've been looking, but we are -- because we don't feel like we need to make any acquisitions, we've been quite careful. So we have -- there's been a lot in the press about some of the things we've been looking at, and the truth is, we look at everything. But we only want to buy assets that are going to really help us strategically and get us to grow faster or as fast in the long term. And so we've passed on a lot of stuff. And sometimes, when we look at assets, we look at assets with a distribution partner, often because that partner could provide additional value to us. So when we evaluate a deal, we look at the synergy of the transaction, whether we think there's upside for -- to build in that market and how strong the asset is. But also, we have very good relationships with distributors and the ability to do a tag-along, where we can do deals to get additional carriage, maybe better carriage, maybe better economics from a distributor when we, on occasion, look at joint bidding. Those are the kind of things that we think about. We don't need to do anything. This quarter, we grew 23% with double-digit affiliates. Our international business is really in full stride. So that's kind of how we see that. On the domestic side, our deals -- we were able to get better economics with roll-downs. And we did do TV Everywhere, and we were able to get -- the aggregate basket of value we got was quite good, and we're very happy with it. And you'll continue to see that flow through. And it represents the fact that we now have over 12% of the viewership on cable and very strong affinity brands. On the OTT side, I've said it before, and it continues. It's just probably the best time to be in the content business when you own your own content, at least for the near term, for the next 3 to 4 years because there's more and more buyers and more windows for our content. And in the U.S. now, to have an OTT buyer is just somebody else that wants to pay significant dollars to have access to some or all of our channels and access to some or all of our programming. We are platform-agnostic here in the U.S. and around the world. And when we have an opportunity to bring in extra dollars in ways that we think provide long-term value, we will. In other cases, there -- we've only done 2 SVOD deals outside the U.S. We could do a number of SVOD deals and just bring in more dollars, but we've decided strategically that we're better off really driving our cable channels right now and aligning with our distributors because in some of those markets where, like Brazil, where only 26% of the market has pay-TV, we don't want to mix up our brand yet until that market and other markets are more penetrated. Finally, SVOD is a real opportunity for us. We didn't do a deal with Amazon, but we still may. We have a good relationship with them. We have a good relationship with Netflix. We have a good relationship with Hulu. The fact that our market share is growing means we have more shows. Tyler Perry has a show on OWN that's the #1 show for all of women on cable on Tuesday nights with Haves and Have Nots. Naked and Afraid is doing great for us, Gold Rush. So we have a lot of good shows, and they're getting better, but we think that our content has real value. And when you put on any of those platforms, you need a bulk of content and you need quality content, and we think we have both. And so we think you'll see some SVOD deals from us. You may see them soon, you may see them later. But right now, the only issue for us is there's a gap in the value that we think all of our content is worth with all of our brands and the value that some of the distributors think. But I think that we'll find a way to true-up that gap.
Andrew C. Warren: And just to add 2 points, Jessica, on the international front. As we talked about, a strategic imperative for us is to grow our base organic margins. And if you look at the first quarter, take out SBS and excluding foreign exchange, which was a negative year-over-year impact, we grew our base international margins 100 to 200 basis points. And as we look forward, second quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter, which includes SBS, we still expect to have, in that base, including SBS, margin growth and accretion year-over-year. So margin expansion is a key part of our strategy and a big piece of our operating imperative. And just to add to David's comments on SVOD, nothing about our current thinking that says it's going to be fourth quarter. As Dave said, it really depends on when the right deal and the right economics get done. That could be any time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger of Sanford Bernstein.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: At this point, I'll try and keep just a couple of quick ones. On OWN, you mentioned multiple operating metric strengths and the return of some cash, but then the equity income line, which I know includes more than OWN, actually showed a sequential deceleration. So I just wondered if you could walk us through any of the impact in there and then what we should think about that going forward. The other quick one is just you mentioned the Olympics' impact in Q1 on some Discovery ratings. Just as we look forward in the summer, don't want to get surprised on this, anything we should think about in terms of World Cup and what that does for global advertising, both here in the States and then around the world?
Andrew C. Warren: Look, on time -- on OWN, Todd, it was -- we couldn't be happier with how the asset's performing. The $30 million swing year-over-year on cash flow is just tremendous for us, and that's the metric that we most look at and most follow year-over-year. With regard to the other income, fourth quarter is particularly strong based on the recognition of some of the Time Warner deal that we got done. But the performance of OWN right now is ahead of our expectations, both from an earnings perspective, in particular, and a cash flow perspective. So right now, it's really all positive signs from the key metrics that we look at and the imperative, if it's delivering value for us.
David M. Zaslav: And we're taking Oprah's content outside the U.S. We've launched a lot of the OWN content in South Africa, in Australia, where it's doing extremely well. And overall, the channel is -- it's outperforming. The advertisers are all with us. We now have all the distributors. And Oprah is really in full stride with a great brand that is really resonating with both men and women here in the U.S. and starting to resonate around the world as we roll it out.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Yes, so the second question was just, as we think about advertising over the summer, you had mentioned Olympics as a small factor in Q1. Just want to make sure, World Cup, if there was anything we should think about that in terms of what it means for you guys in terms of global advertising, both here, Europe, Latin America.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Todd, it should be a relatively small impact. I mean, some markets will be more meaningful, but overall, it will be a small impact.
Operator: Your next question, that comes from the line of Michael Nathanson of MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: I just have 2, I guess, housekeeping for Andy or if Dave wants to jump on this. SBS posted 11% EBITDA margin this quarter. Is that typical for the first quarter for that asset and kind of in line with what you thought it'd be? So just an update on that margin this quarter.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Michael, it's in line with expectation. It is their lowest-margin quarter of the year. Obviously, we didn't have the business consolidated with our results in 2013, but it's in line with expectations. And right now, SBS is performing in a kind of at or slightly better than we would've thought. The costs and synergies are better. The one thing that was arguably a little worse than we would've thought in the first quarter was the Olympic impact, particularly in Norway and Sweden. Given the performance of those athletes in those markets, there's a lot of ratings and viewership that went to those broadcast networks. But net-net-net, the asset's performing at or better than we had expected, and the first quarter is clearly their low point on an overall margin based on advertising flow and timing.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. And then just let me ask one on amortization. You've been calling out the stepped-up amort from SBS. When Eurosport closes, any sense of what the equivalent amort will be from Eurosport on top of the SBS? So any sense of that at this point?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Michael, for this year, given the timing of when we close Eurosport, it should be about $20 million. And on an annualized basis going forward, think about roughly $35 million of intangible amort.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield of BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: I really wanted to just follow up on Michael's question. When you look at SBS, you've now owned it for a year. And while you didn't report Q1 last year, I was just wondering, could you give us a sense of what the growth profile of SBS looks like, revenue, EBITDA, anything? And I realize you had some impact of Olympics in Q1, but just anything to give us a sense of what the organic growth of that asset would've looked like on a year-over-year basis? And then essentially a similar question. Now that you're going to own more than 50% of Eurosport, could you give us a sense of what the growth profile now looks like of that asset in Q1 year-over-year?
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. On SBS, Richard, the growth, again, is in line with expectations. It was basically in-line flat to last year. Again, the Olympics impact was significant. For us, we expect to see some dilution of our overall top line growth just given the fact that it is a slower-growth asset. But again, we do think we're going to have meaningful margin accretion based on the performance of our synergies, both from the top line and cost. So the growth for that business should be slightly better than our expectation of deal case, which really speaks to the value and the multiple that we paid on a relative basis based on actuals is actually quite good and better than our due diligence and deal scenario. With regard to Eurosport, we're actually not going to highlight that specifically now. We will certainly, as we go forward, start highlighting the year-over-year variances. We'll speak more specifically to Eurosport and its performance, but right now, it's not something that we're going to highlight in any granular way.
David M. Zaslav: From a narrative perspective, Rich, Eurosport has been sold on a pan-European basis in 54 countries. And so the first thing we're going to do is sort of what we did 7 years ago, 8 years ago, when we attacked our international business. Because our international -- when we were making $100 million a year, we were selling only pan-European. We already have local sales teams in every country. We have very good relationships with the distributors. We have infrastructure in every country. So the first thing we're going to do is get the -- take advantage of all of the infrastructure we have in place already, which we think will be very efficient and effective in driving the overall performance of Eurosport, both in terms of deals that we're able to get with distributors, because we package their between 1 and 4 channels in each of those countries with our 8 to 10 channels. Also, it will be very easy for us, at little or no cost, to be selling locally because we already have teams in place. And so we'll apply a localized attack, which will help both in terms of cost and revenue synergy. And then we'll take a look at the overall asset. The good news for us is, for the next couple of years, the cost of the content is quite stable at this point because they've locked in tennis, which is U.S. Open, the French Open, the Australian open. They've locked in cycling, which is Tour de France and the key cycling events, and Winter Sports. Those are kind of the 3 big pillars of Eurosport, and those are locked in, in terms of cost structure for the next couple of years. So the question then is, as we drive this asset on a cost and revenue synergy side, is there -- is that all we do and just build the brand and build the asset that way? Or are there opportunities in local markets, with distributors or other players, to enhance the business by getting more aggressive? But we're going to take our time. We love the asset. We think it complements our existing infrastructure. It also gives us more scale in every market. And one of the hidden assets of Eurosport is we own all of the IP of all of those sports in Eastern and Western Europe on every platform. And as you look at where the world is going, for the next 3 years, the world is probably not going to change that much, and we just got more people wanting to spend more money and more windows for our content, and that's the good news. But if the world does change, the more IP you actually own, the better strategically positioned you are. And so we own all of our content on our 20-year library. And now to be in a position where we have meaningful live sports that are very popular with key affinity groups that we own all of the rights to, and all that IP becomes a nice hedge asset for us and may be an important one in the years ahead as you look to offer some of those sports that are real affinity sports maybe directly to customers.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Morris of Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple on advertising. Andy, you mentioned cancellations being up a little bit. Could you provide a little more color on that? Is that coming from some place in particular? Any more details there would help. And also, David, can you talk about just the advertising environment in general? It seems to be slowing a bit for TV. How much do you think is sort of the macro environment, and/or are you seeing competition and increasing competition from new digital competitors? And then just one other. Andy, in the past, you've mentioned high single to low double-digit EBITDA growth or OIBDA growth this year, excluding some of the nonrecurring or new items. I think that compares to the 6% in the quarter. Can you just highlight if that does compare to the 6% and what the swing factors are for your acceleration, if it's still the case this year?
David M. Zaslav: I'll just start with the advertising market. It feels pretty steady. I wouldn't read into the slightly up on the cancellation. It's pretty steady as she goes. We feel like the market remains strong. Pricing is good. We're heading into an upfront with real strength across our channels. So we're feeling good about it. It's too early to tell where the upfront is going to go. This quarter is pretty steady, looking good. The advertising market remains pretty strong, and pricing remains quite good.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Michael, on the cancellation front, like I -- it's up slightly. I would say a year ago was probably below normal levels, and now we're kind of at normal levels, so it's a small uptick. Again, to David's point, it's certainly not a cause for big concern. On the overall organic OIBDA growth story, we're still very much in line with that high single, low double-digit growth for the year. 6% for the first quarter was depressed a little bit for a few reasons. One, if you look at our corporate costs, they were actually, on an apples-to-apples basis, flat year-over-year. We continued to focus on cost productivity and driving down our SG&A structures, and we've done that. But there were 2 items in the first quarter that did meaningfully impact our overall growth rate. First was around professional fees. We have spent a fair amount of money on our tax restructuring efforts, with great payback. You saw, in the first quarter, our effective tax rate was down to 34%. So we're definitely seeing traction on the effective and cash tax line. But it does cost some money to make those kind of organizational and structural changes happen. And so some of the cost is in the first quarter. The other piece was our founder, John Hendricks, an amazing man, retired in the first quarter. And so there was some cost associated with his retirement and some acceleration of compensation and equity that also impacted our results. So net-net-net, we're still very much in line with and believe strongly in our high single-digit to low double-digit overall organic profit growth story.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, everybody, for joining us. We appreciate it. If you have any follow-up questions, please call Jackie or myself and we'll be happy to help. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein David M. Zaslav - Director, Member of Executive Committee, Chief Executive Officer of Discovery Communications Holding, Llc and President of Discovery Communications Holding, Llc Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Meghan Durkin Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Holdings, Inc. Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division Barton E. Crockett - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2013 Discovery Communications, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sonia, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Craig Felenstein, Executive Vice President of Investor Relations for Discovery Communications. Please proceed, sir.
Craig Felenstein: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications' 2013 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should've received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy. Afterwards, we will open the call up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2013 was another very successful year for Discovery, as the company delivered strong financial results while further developing our global content portfolio and investing in a diverse set of new and existing strategic growth initiatives. Discovery's ability to grow consistently year in and year out, even as global economies expand and contract, technologies rapidly evolve and competition increases across new and existing distribution models, speaks to the universal appeal of our content, as well as the sturdiness of our business model and the opportunities prevalent throughout our unmatched global distribution platform, now an average of 8 channels in over 225 countries. The breadth and depth of the asset base we have built continues to offer a number of unique growth prospects. And while we have augmented this existing potential with several strategic acquisitions that we expect will deliver additional long-term value, our primary focus remains maximizing the organic opportunities that our unique global infrastructure and an evolving media landscape provide. Demand for high-quality content with great storytelling and compelling characters has never been higher, and our unparalleled reach, combined with a sustained investment in building stronger global brands, enabled us to once again grow our market share significantly this past year. Domestically, this was our fifth consecutive year of audience growth, with viewership across our portfolio up 4% in 2013. This consistency speaks to the ability of our creative teams to evolve and adapt as audience tastes change and choices proliferate. It also highlights the success we have had in further strengthening the existing brands like Discovery Channel, Animal Planet and ID, all of which had their most watched years ever in their key demos; and the success we have had growing emerging brands such as OWN, Destination America and Velocity. Since 2008, we have launched 7 new brands domestically, more than almost all media companies here in the U.S. combined. And we fully believe that if we invest wisely and deliver content that is unique and engaging, you can still attract new audiences and deliver real value to advertising and affiliate partners, we believe. Last month, we announced our newest brand, the American Heroes Channel, which will debut in March and expand on the Military Channel's promise to honor the great defenders of our freedom while providing a rare glimpse into major events and historical figures that have shaped our world. The larger audiences we generated in 2013 once again translated into significant advertising gains, with 8% ad growth this past year as our best-in-class ad sales team maximized the solid pricing and demand environment while capturing additional dollars through customized ad integrations. I do want to note that ad growth did slow in the fourth quarter, as viewership decreased slightly across the portfolio. Several hit series on Discovery and TLC returned during the quarter, and although they delivered a large audience and won their respective nights, their viewership declined versus a year ago, when the portfolio grew over 14%. The good news is 2014 is off to a great start, with January ratings up 11% versus the same period a year ago, and we have clearly regained our momentum. TLC delivered 16% viewership growth in its key demo this past month, led by the success of several returning series and the strong debuts of several new series, including 90 Day Fiance and Gypsy Sisters. Investigation Discovery, ID, drove viewership up 35% and is now the #2-ranked network for women in the United States in the 25 to 54 demo in total day, despite only being in 85 million homes. That is a wow. The #2 network for women, second only to USA Network. And ID as a network didn't exist 6 years ago. In addition, we still have a ways to go to fully maximize the CPM value of ID. Discovery Channel generated the most-watched month in its history on the back of several returning series and the audience we generated from our first critically acclaimed scripted miniseries, Klondike. And Destination America and Velocity were both up over 38%, as they continue to attract new audiences with their unique brands and compelling program offering. January was another very strong month for OWN, led by the return of Tyler Perry's hit series, The Haves and the Have Nots, which is the #1 show for women in America on Tuesday at 9:00. Oprah and Tyler are really impressive. OWN also has Love Thy Neighbor, along with the second season premiere of OWN original series, Raising Whitley. January ratings were up over 30%, building upon the 25% growth OWN produced in 2013. Most importantly, OWN is now delivering both cash flow and positive equity earnings to Discovery, and these returns should only grow, given the value it is generating for advertisers and affiliates. With ratings strength across-the-board in January, we are off to a great start to the year. It's still early, but with the regained momentum across our portfolio, a strong upfront under our belts, steady scatter pricing and cancellations in line with a year ago, we're confident that we will deliver significant advertising growth domestically in 2014. Advertising, however, is not the only area where we're leveraging the success of the content we've invested in over the last several years. Towards the end of 2013, we completed our latest round of affiliate negotiations, and we're very pleased with the very positive outcome, as our distribution partners continue to recognize the strong value of the brands we have built and the audiences we deliver. I've said this before, but it still holds true: there has never been a better time to be in the content business. People are watching more TV over multiple platforms, and because we own the majority of our programming, Discovery is particularly well positioned to take advantage of any opportunities, whether with our existing affiliate partners or new entrants to the marketplace. While our investment domestically is certainly paying off in terms of new avenues of growth, market share gains and sustained financial momentum, the faster expansion and greater opportunity remains, without question, across our unmatched international portfolio, both from further development of our organic asset base, as well as from the integration of our recent SBS Nordic and Eurosport acquisitions. Organically, the distribution pipeline we have built over the last 2 decades now averages 8 networks in over 225 countries, and we continue to capitalize on the further evolution of pay-TV, as well as the burgeoning demand for cable content. Pay-TV penetration across the entire international portfolio increased double digit in 2013, led by 17% growth across Latin America and nearly 20% growth in Asia. And with pay-TV penetration still below 50% in countries like Brazil, Mexico and Turkey, there's still plenty of room for continued distribution gains, given our market position. The global distribution we have secured has given us a significant head start internationally and continues to pay dividends. However, it is the targeted content and infrastructure investments we have made over the last several years that are allowing us to fully exploit the opportunities our unique market position provides and which will continue to enable us to grow as pay-TV penetration eventually subsides. This past year alone, we launched over 17 new international feeds, offering more localized content, scheduling and languages that provide customized programming, which makes our networks more attractive for viewers, advertisers and affiliates. The strength and local feel of the brands we have built, together with the significant subscriber gains we are experiencing, resulted in viewership growth of 22% across our international portfolio in 2013. Importantly, we are not overly reliant on any one region or country, as our audience gains have been very much broad based, with double-digit increases across nearly every region, led by Italy and Spain in Western Europe; Mexico and Brazil in Latin America; and Russia and South Africa in our CEEMEA region. More and more viewers across the globe are connecting with our suite of networks as we leverage the success of our domestic programming, invest in compelling local content across pay and free networks and expand the reach of successful brands like TLC, ID, Science and Animal Planet. As we have further invested in content and as markets have further developed, we have also made targeted investments to ensure we have the appropriate infrastructure in place to maximize the returns on the larger audiences we're delivering. In the last 2 years, we have opened new offices in countries where local expertise and involvement will drive more value, and we've formed sales alliances in markets such as Italy, Colombia and the Netherlands, where additional scale helps unlock additional revenue opportunities, the result of marrying the market share growth we are delivering with the more efficient ad capabilities we have developed, a total of 23% ad sales growth this past year, excluding acquisitions, building on the 19% growth we delivered in 2012. We fully expect to continue delivering strong organic ad growth moving forward, given the strength of our brands, the stability in the ad market and the trajectory of pay-television. At the same time, we have created additional value and further strengthened our long-term growth portfolio with the acquisition of SBS Nordic and our recently announced agreement to acquire majority control of Eurosport. As we have demonstrated over the past several years, we are highly selective when pursuing external assets, but both of these businesses expand our portfolio and deepen our footprint across some of the most well-penetrated and stable pay-TV markets in the world. They complement our nonfiction networks in terms of genre appeal and demographic reach, while providing synergies that strengthen our relationships with existing advertising and affiliate partners. Already, we have made significant progress in integrating the SBS Nordic assets, taking out millions of dollars in costs across the combined platforms. While most of the expense synergies have been recognized, we are still in the very early days of maximizing the revenue opportunities. We have, however, seen a marked increase in the number of new advertisers on our existing networks, with 75 new ad clients on Discovery and TLC in Sweden and 102 in Denmark since we established a joint ad sales team. So while early, there's plenty of indication that the diversity and depth of our content offering is quite compelling to advertisers across the Nordic region. On the Eurosport front, we anticipate closing on the acquisition of a majority ownership position in the next few months, and we look forward to further combining the power of Eurosport's brands and audience reach with Discovery's network portfolio, local infrastructure and country-specific expertise to create an unrivaled and powerful offering for viewers, advertisers and affiliates. 2013 was another great year for Discovery, as we once again generated strong financial results while further executing operationally and strategically to better position the company for sustained long-term success. As we move into 2014, our priorities remain unchanged. And with operating momentum throughout our domestic and international portfolio, a current favorable operating environment and growth opportunities across our organic and acquired asset base, we remain committed to further building shareholder value in the year ahead. Now let me turn the call over to Andy, who will provide additional context for our expectations for 2014.
Andrew C. Warren: Thanks, David. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As David highlighted, Discovery delivered another very strong year in 2013 as we leveraged the audience and market share gains we're capturing around the globe into double-digit ad sales growth and realized double-digit international affiliate revenue growth from our increasing global subscriber base. On a reported basis, total company revenue for the year increased 23%, and adjusted OIBDA increased 16%. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, licensing revenues primarily related to our existing Netflix agreement and the newly acquired businesses, most notably SBS Nordic, total company revenue growth for the year was 10% and adjusted OIBDA growth was 9%, demonstrating our sustained ability to deliver consistent financial results even as we invest in further building our networks and operations worldwide. Focusing on the fourth quarter, on a reported basis, total company revenue increased 28%, led by 64% international growth and 5% domestic growth. Excluding newly acquired businesses, as well as the impact of foreign currency, total company revenue grew 10%. Total operating expenses on a reported basis increased 33% [ph] in the fourth quarter, primarily due to the inclusion of recent acquisitions. Excluding these newly acquired businesses and the impact from foreign currency movements, total company expenses increased 8% versus the fourth quarter a year ago, predominantly due to the anticipated higher content amortization we incurred throughout 2013, as well as some of the additional content write-offs we highlighted on our last earnings call. On a reported basis, adjusted OIBDA in the fourth quarter increased 21%. Excluding newly acquired businesses and foreign exchange, Discovery's continued ability to generate revenue growth in excess of expenses translated into a 12% increase in adjusted OIBDA. Net income increased to $289 million in the fourth quarter, up 29%, driven by the strong operating performance in the current year and by $37 million in improved equity earnings, highlighted by OWN's first quarter of positive equity contributions, a significant milestone. These items were partially offset by $56 million of increased amortization, primarily due to the purchase accounting associated with the SBS Nordic acquisition; $19 million of higher mark-to-market equity-based compensation due to the increase in stock price; and $14 million of additional interest expense. Earnings per diluted share for the fourth quarter was $0.81, 33% above the fourth quarter a year ago. Adjusted earnings per diluted share, a more relevant metric from a comparability perspective that excludes the impact from noncash acquisition amortization of intangible assets, was $0.92, a 51% improvement versus 4Q 2012. For the full year 2013, earnings per diluted share from continuing operations was $2.97, up 18%. And adjusted earnings per diluted share from continuing operations was $3.25, an increase of 29% compared to 2012. Free cash flow increased 4% in the fourth quarter to $316 million, as the strong operating performance was partially offset by continued content investment and increased cash tax and interest payments. For the full year, free cash flow increased 14% to $1.2 billion, driven by the strong operating performance, partially offset by higher content investments as well as increased interest payments and working capital needs. Importantly, content spend for the full year, excluding newly acquired businesses, increased by only mid-single digits. And as David discussed, this increased programming spend is delivering global market share growth and higher advertising revenue. Before moving on to the divisional results, I do want to highlight that, while not part of our free cash flow, OWN repaid Discovery $34 million in 2013, including $23 million in the fourth quarter alone. We anticipate that in 2014, OWN's cash contributions will increase significantly, given its ratings and advertising revenue momentum. Now turning to the operating units, the U.S. Networks continued to perform well during the fourth quarter, with total domestic revenues up 5% led by 7% distribution revenue growth. Excluding additional licensing revenue, total domestic revenue increased 4%, with distribution revenue up 5%, predominantly from higher rates and, to a lesser extent, additional digital subscribers. Advertising revenue increased 4% in the quarter as a stable pricing and demand environment was partially offset by delivery declines at Discovery Channel and TLC. For the full year, our U.S. ad sales team delivered another year of strong growth, translating the 4% viewership gains across our portfolio, most notably from Discovery Channel, Animal Planet, ID, Destination America and Velocity, into 8% total domestic ad sales growth, which is on top of the 9% ad increase the U.S. Networks delivered in 2012. Current ad market trends continue to be stable, with scatter pricing up double digits from the mid- to high single-digit gains we garnered during the upfront negotiations. With the regained ratings momentum in January that David mentioned and with the healthy macro environment continuing, we anticipate ad sales growth will accelerate in the first quarter 2014, despite competition from the Olympics. For the full year 2013, our distribution team also delivered solid results, delivering 5% growth, excluding the impact of licensing agreements. They also completed several new affiliate deals with existing operators that secured higher rates across the portfolio, locked in additional distribution for a number of our emerging networks and obtained real value for granting authenticated content rights. Turning to the content -- to the cost side. Domestic operating expenses were up 6% from the fourth quarter of 2012, primarily due to the anticipated higher content amortization associated with cash programming spend over the past few years, as well as from the onetime content expenses that we highlighted on the last call related to the termination of the BBC programming agreement and the content impairments associated with the TLC management change. Excluding these onetime costs, operating expenses at our U.S. Networks increased 3% compared to a year ago. Domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 5% on both a reported basis versus last year's fourth quarter, as well as excluding the impact of licensing agreements and content write-offs. For the full year, domestic adjusted OIBDA also grew 5% on a reported basis, while increasing 4% excluding the impact of licensing agreements. Turning now to our international operations. Reported results include the impact of newly acquired businesses SBS Nordic, Switchover Media and Fatafeat. For comparability purposes, my following international comments will refer to the results excluding these acquisitions. The International segment continued to deliver a very strong momentum across our global operations this past quarter, with revenues expanding 15%, led by 25% ad and 13% affiliate growth. Excluding the impact of exchange rates, total revenue growth was 18%, with advertising and affiliate revenues increasing 26% and 16%, respectively. The advertising growth was broad-based, with double-digit increases across nearly every region, led by Western Europe, primarily from the continued success of our free-to-air initiatives, most notably Real Time in Italy; and by Latin America, from higher pricing and delivery across the regions. The fourth quarter was a culmination of a very strong year for our international ad sales team, which translated the viewership gains we're capturing around the globe into 23% ad growth, excluding the impact of foreign currency. On the affiliate front, the 16% affiliate revenue increase in the fourth quarter, excluding currency, was driven by subscriber growth, especially in Latin America, from the continued expansion of pay television in Brazil and Argentina, as well as by the consolidation of Discovery Japan. Excluding Japan, affiliate revenue growth would have been up about 10% for the quarter and high single digits for the full year. Operating costs in International were up 14% in the fourth quarter, excluding the currency impact, primarily driven by higher content amortization, increased personnel cost as we further expand our global footprint and by the consolidation of Discovery Japan. The International segment delivered 21% adjusted OIBDA growth in the fourth quarter, excluding foreign currency, as our international team continued to significantly grow revenues while investing in smart, long-term growth initiatives. The fourth quarter wed up another year of exceptional financial and operational execution by our international team, with 2013 revenues and adjusted OIBDA both up 16%, excluding foreign currency. These results followed the 18% revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth, excluding currency, that they delivered in 2012. Taking a look at our financial position. With a strong balance sheet and sustained financial and operational momentum, we continue to return capital to shareholders through execution of our share repurchase program. As we discussed, our first priority remains investing in our core businesses to drive sustained long-term growth, be it through investment in existing networks and platforms or through exploring external initiatives such as Eurosport. While that remains our focus, given the free cash flow we are generating, our gross leverage targets and long-range free cash flow per share growth assumptions, we have the opportunity to continue returning capital to shareholders, as well as invest in our global businesses. During 2013, Discovery repurchased over $1.3 billion of stock. Since we began buying back shares towards the end of 2010, we have spent over $4 billion buying back shares, reducing our outstanding share count by more than 90 million shares, or 21%. As we look ahead to 2014, we are encouraged by the momentum across our asset portfolio and the continued strong pricing and demand environment in many of our key markets. Important to note that current year guidance assumes that the Eurosport transaction closes during the middle of the second quarter, and while we have included the expected purchase accounting adjustments associated with the transaction in our guidance, these items are preliminary estimates. Therefore, we will update you if these assumptions materially change. Additionally, while we do anticipate generating SVOD revenue during the year, given how these distribution revenues are recognized in the P&L, we have not included significant SVOD contributions in our expectations. As new SVOD deals are executed, we'll update our future guidance expectations. With that as a backdrop, for the full year 2014, we expect total revenues to be between $6.45 billion and $6.625 billion and adjusted OIBDA to be between $2.6 billion and $2.725 billion. For comparison purposes, excluding from these full year expectations any Eurosport contributions, the extra quarter of SBS results, the impact of SVOD and negative foreign currency headwinds of approximately $50 million of current exchange rates, we expect high single- to low double-digit total company revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth in 2014. Net income is expected to be between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion, led by the anticipated strong operating performance, improved equity earnings from continued progress at OWN and a lower effective tax rate. This growth is expected to be partially offset, however, by approximately $60 million of higher interest expense, as we anticipate issuing additional debt this year to maintain our target leverage, and by approximately $50 million of additional depreciation and amortization due to purchase price remuneration associated with the Eurosport transaction. We also assume mark-to-market stock compensation expense of approximately $130 million, which is in line with 2013 actuals due to additional shares granted, as well as expected appreciation of the stock price. Lastly, we anticipate free cash flow to exceed $1.2 billion in 2014, with significant growth in cash flow from operations being partially offset by higher cash taxes of approximately $150 million associated with the potential expiration of the Section 181 domestic content production deduction benefit. Thank you, again, for your time this morning. And now David and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from John Janedis, UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions. Maybe, David, I'll start with the first one. It seems like there's a lot of rumbling with Eurosport. And I think you've been pretty transparent about the opportunities you see with sports generally. And so looking ahead, there's been press about Premier League rights and maybe Formula 1, you've always had a longer-term view on investment, so can you update us on your appetite for sports-related assets going forward?
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Look, Eurosport, we think, is a fantastic asset. It's in 55 countries between 1 and 4 channels, and it has a lot of rights. And locked up for the long term on Eurosport is the Grand Slams for tennis, Tour de France, the Bundesliga and the Winter Sports. So it's very stable, and the economics against those sports are very favorable. So we're going to apply, really, 2 levers to it. One is, in every one of those countries, we have a local team that's doing sales and that's meeting with distributors to drive better distribution deals. So we can go very local. And if you remember, Eurosport only sells Pan-European right now. So what we did with our international business, when we took it from 120 million to over 1 billion, was we went local. So one, we think we have some real revenue opportunity by piggybacking on our existing infrastructure. And then, we will look opportunistically. There is no platform like Eurosport. In many ways, it's the ESPN of Europe. It's in 55 countries. And so as we look at what we can do with it, the question is, is there opportunities to get longer-term growth by stepping up in certain markets for more sports? If we do, do it, there's a good chance we'll be doing it in a joint bidding with a distributor or a player in the market. We'll be disciplined about it, but we're going to look at all options because, as we look at our portfolio, across most of Western and Eastern Europe, we already have 10 channels. We have Discovery as the #1 network in almost every one of those markets. We have TLC, we have Animal Planet, we have some broadcast networks. And so we have some real optionality in order to take advantage of this very unique asset. But we will be disciplined, and we won't do any deals unless we think there will be significant long-term growth or, as in the case of when we rolled out TLC and ID around the world, that we could pick up -- that it could be accretive immediately. So we'll be disciplined, but we do believe Eurosport, together with our assets, where we're already the #1 cable TV player outside the U.S. by a lot; and in Western Europe, we've made a big play; and we're finding a lot of success where we're growing over 20% in a market that's relatively flat, that Eurosport will be a very big helper to us over time.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And maybe quickly, you've been asked in the past about hypothetical M&A among the MVPDs. With today's deal, is there any reason for us to rethink, I guess, maybe your long-term aspirational distribution growth rate in the U.S.? And does the deal change the terms of the recently signed Time Warner Cable deal?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, John. Well, look, we're going to stick to our knitting. This is a great time to be in the content business because people are spending more time on TV and on other platforms consuming content. In the last 7 years, we've grown from about 5% market share; in January, we were over 12%. We have 14 channels that have niche viewers, whether it's OWN that's a top 20 network now and a top network for African-Americans, Discovery having its best month, TLC back and strong, Animal Planet now a top 20 network when it was #40. For us, if we have strong content with great characters and great stories, we are convinced that we will do very well. We did very well at the end of last year. And Comcast is a great company, and if they're successful in bringing this deal to the finish line, I'm sure that they'll do a great job in offering a lot of different products to consumers to consume content, including TV Everywhere, where they're a leader, and that will be advantageous for us. So I think that our scale in the U.S. is very strong. Our brands have never been stronger, and we like our position.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Meghan Durkin: This is actually Meghan Durkin standing in for Doug. I think Andy mentioned that he expects the U.S. ad growth to accelerate in 1Q despite the Olympics. So what more can you tell us about that? How much acceleration should we expect? And how big of a negative impact is the Olympics in the quarter? What exactly happens? Did you hold back content around the 2 weeks, or is it just an impact from advertising being sucked up over at NBC?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Meghan. Look, we faced some headwinds in the fourth quarter because Discovery and TLC were both down between 13% and 16%. And so that definitely had some impact, but our focus was to really dig in and start the year strong. And both Discovery and TLC are up. Our portfolio is up over 10%. The advertising market is very healthy and strong. Pricing is good. And so we're off to a very good start. NBC is doing a great -- Universal is doing a great job on the Olympics. That certainly will have an impact. But when we factor that in, we think the out-of-the-box strength that we've seen and the strength of the advertising market will allow us to perform quite well in the first quarter. We can't really say where we'll be for the year in terms of how strong advertising market stays, but right now, the market is good, and Joe Abruzzese and the team has been able to be quite effective. So we still have to see how we do with the Olympics. Andy?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, just to put a little more color on that, Meghan, is the -- look, as we know, Olympics is really only 2 weeks. Right now, as David said, the market is cooperating and strong. Cancellations are low. So it really depends on the scatter market and ratings. But right now, we definitely see some acceleration from where the final results were for the fourth quarter.
David M. Zaslav: There's no question the Olympics is having an effect on our ratings, but our strategy has worked. We came out very strong in January with a lot of momentum, viewers spending a lot more time with all of our brands. And now we expect that a lot of people in America are going to be spending time with the Olympics. We see our ratings are down on a few of our networks in a meaningful way, but we expected that. And when the Olympics end, we're going to push hard to have those viewers come back.
Operator: The next question comes from Todd Juenger, Sanford Bernstein.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A question and a follow-up, if I may. Just start with, you guys have been in most markets around the world for a long time. So I would love if you just could reflect on, every so once in a while, things flare up in emerging markets and people get scared, and then things tend to come back and do well, and it goes up and down. How does the underlying growth of pay-television in those markets respond to those ups and downs? How correlated would you say, especially recently, in the environment we're in now, is the growth of pay-television in emerging markets to the bigger macro ups and downs of those markets? Then I have a follow-up.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Todd. Look, it has some impact. Having said that, we've been able to grow our viewership over the last year over 22% and get corresponding ad revenue of 23%. Our brands are strong. Our content travels well. There's no question that, when you see the economy struggling, that subscriber growth slows down a little bit, and we've seen that. And we view this as upside. In Western Europe, with the strength we're seeing; in Mexico, where pay-TV is only 42% penetrated; or Brazil, 27% penetrated; if those markets pick up, then I think you'll see the C class opting on to more pay-TV, which we'll be an upside for us. But I think if you look at the past 2 years or 3 years around our 225 countries, it hasn't been -- with the exception of Brazil, Mexico, Russia and India, you haven't seen huge growth. And so I think that there -- it's more upside for us, and we've really focused on being disciplined in how we spend our dollars, getting our content driven around the world and being better at ad sales so that we're growing over 20% internationally over the last several years in economies and subscriber growth that's somewhat modest in terms of what the potential would be in a lot of those markets.
Andrew C. Warren: And Todd, just to add to that, one metric that we look at is the Discovery Channel and how much that sub-base is growing internationally. And in 2013, it was up 8%. So that's a good proxy for -- that's the most widely distributed channel out there. So that 8% growth is indicative of kind of how the market is still growing at a nice clip.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: That's actually very helpful, Andy. Then a quick follow-up. Not to spend the whole morning talking about the Olympics, but I just wanted to follow up with Meghan, because if you look back at the last Summer Olympic Games, one thing that took us, at least personally, a little bit by surprise was actually the impact on international advertising. So I guess the question would be, both with the Winter Olympics now and then also with the World Cup coming up, is there anything we should think about more in the international advertising markets in terms of any displacement?
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well, look, the Olympics is a moment where families come together around the world, and it most certainly has an impact. It's probably biggest in the Nordics for us, where we don't have the Olympics. We have market share in those -- in Norway, Denmark, Sweden and Finland of between 25% and 42%, and we don't have the Olympics. And so in some of those markets, we're seeing more viewership decline. But it also depends of the brand. For instance, Discovery has historically had much bigger impact in terms of people moving away from Discovery to go to the Olympics. So I would say it's all consistent with what we've expected so far.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And World Cup, any different?
David M. Zaslav: I think the same, but probably a little bit more modest across-the-board for us because of the number of hours. It doesn't take people away for 3 straight weeks, or 2.5 -- almost 3 straight weeks like the Olympics do.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony DiClemente, Nomura.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Holdings, Inc.: Just 2 questions, I suppose both for David. The first one was, in terms of your ratings resurgence in January, I'd just be interested to hear, was there anything that -- any string that you pulled, any levers that you pulled in terms of getting ratings to turn around? How should we think about that? And then I have a follow-up.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Well, we did make a change on TLC about 5 months ago. We focused very hard on what is TLC when it's at its best. The good news is we now have TLC as the most distributed female brand in the world. So we looked at where we were successful outside the U.S. and what the audiences were getting nourished by, and the new creative team there, I think, has taken it up a level. And so we're very happy with TLC, which was up almost 20% in January and is faring well so far in February. On Discovery, I think it's really more about we have a lot of very good shows that are coming back. March, I think, will be a very good month for us in terms of when our premieres are coming of our stronger series. You'll probably see more of an acceleration in March and April, but the brand is strong and the content is strong.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Nomura Holdings, Inc.: Okay, great. And then just once again, quickly, David, on Comcast, Time Warner Cable. Is it the kind of thing where, if Comcast is at a modestly higher rate card per subscriber, perhaps because they have a little bit less scale as it is than Comcast, that if Comcast were to acquire Time Warner Cable, that the per-subscriber fee would modestly adjust downward to the Comcast rate card? Is that the way that we should be thinking about it in terms of your or content companies' affiliate fees post-closing?
David M. Zaslav: I can't speak to any specific agreements, but it really depends. It depends on what the contract says, and that's really all I can say.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Nathanson, MoffettNathanson. [Operator Instructions]
David M. Zaslav: Next question, operator.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Quadrani, JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, if you could give us a bit more color on the nature of your distribution agreements in general, not naming any specific names. But if I remember correctly, I think there's more of a steady increase over the life of the contract, not so much of a step-up initially. Is that the case? Is that what you're experiencing? And what's the average life of these contracts?
David M. Zaslav: Sure. The answer is yes, although we're open to -- when we look at the economics of a deal, we look at it over the full term, which tends to be somewhere between 4 and 6 years. Our deals come up about 20% a year, which we've talked about. This past year, we did very well. We were able to get significant increases. We were also able to get significant increases in distribution of some of our more strategic channels. So ID, for instance, which is now the #2 network in America for women in its all-day rating, is now in 85 million homes. And within the next 12 months, it will be in 90 million homes. And so that's a key strategic initiative for us. It gives us significant economic value, but it also gives us additional advertising value. So that's a channel that was in 50 million homes 4 years ago, will be in 90 million homes by the end of the year. And at least in January, USA Network was the only network that delivered more women for the month in -- so those are the kind of things that we look at. But we did focus primarily on getting meaningful increases in the sub fees. And then we look at some of the other things that are of strategic value. Outside the U.S., the deals tend to be shorter. Usually, about 3 years.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just to follow up on your comments earlier about the SVOD, the licensing revenues. I think that you said the guidance does not any include any additional new deals. But we should still see some further licensing revenues, I believe, for the next couple of quarters, is that correct? And that would be in your guidance, from contracts already signed?
Andrew C. Warren: That's right, Alexia. What we've included in the guidance right now -- we haven't assumed any larger deals being done. There's a little bit of runoff for the current deals that would impact 2014, but it's a very small amount.
David M. Zaslav: And as we look at SVOD, we look at where we were when we did those deals, which was about 9% of viewership on cable. In January, we were over 12%. We have been focused on our content, both to make our channels better, but how do we create content that we could take effectively around the world and also are more valuable in all of these windows? So things like The Haves and the Have Nots, which is a scripted series, which is #1 for women on Tuesday nights on OWN, is an example of a product that's great on cable, repeats well but could be very attractive on SVOD. Klondike, as well. We found that the viewership was up 30% in C7. So we did very well on it, it was very strong for the brand, but those 6-hour scripted series are things that I think will help us with that window domestically and around the world. And so we haven't built that in, but we think that our 14 channels, the brands and the bulk of what we offer to players in that window, whether it be domestically or outside the U.S., are valuable. And so we'll be looking at that. We haven't been aggressive about participating in that window outside the U.S. because, in many of the markets, we've been more driven by pushing pay-TV. But as the markets mature, we have some good optionality there.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Nathanson, MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Let me ask one for David and Andy, you guys, both together. You mentioned Klondike, and I think the series did really well for you. Is there a shift, you think, for Discovery to add more scripted content? And if so, how does that impact your programming cost assumptions in the next couple of years and operating margins domestically? So if you can just answer kind of maybe the need to change the programming mix for Discovery, and how does that impact margins and expense growth?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. Klondike delivered over a 3 billion rating for us. It was very good for the brand, got a good response from advertisers. But that's not the core of what we do. The same way we do Planet Earth and we do Life as a big series, to talk about the strength of Discovery, it's reinforcing the fact that Discovery's the #1 most valuable -- most valued brand in the U.S. by cable operator studies and by viewer studies. And so as part of that, we need to do big natural history programming. And we think, every once in a while, we need to do something scripted that really reflects the DNA of what Discovery is. We think Klondike did that. We like the nonfiction business. We like the economics of the nonfiction business. We also like the way that content moves around the world and repeats. And so I think, from time to time, you'll see us playing in the scripted space, but you will not see us accelerate or lean into that.
Andrew C. Warren: And Michael, from a financial perspective, look, as David said, while these tent-pole events, whether it be scripted or live events, are important, it does not change our view that high single digits is the right kind of content growth profile that we're going to have going forward. So to me, it's more of a reallocation. And still, the importance of just singular tent-pole events is kind of what this is all about.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. We had assumed, I think, that there would be slower programming growth this year versus last year because last year, you did spend more. Is that still a right assumption, though, there's a deceleration domestically in the expense growth around cost of revenues?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, so let's split it between cash and cost. On the cash side, as we said at the beginning of '13, we're going to be in the mid-single-digit growth on content spend, we did that. We think, on the cash side for '14, it will be kind of mid- to high single digit. On the expense side, while we had the bigger amort expense piece in '13, we definitely see that abating in '14. So very much in line of what we said before as far as mid-single-digit expense in cash content spend in '13 and lower expense in '14.
David M. Zaslav: Despite the mid-single-digit increase, we're becoming much more efficient in moving our content around the world. And with TLC distributed, we have ID now in over 150 countries. That will be in close to 200 countries over the next year, and the fact that we're much more effective at sharing our content around the world, we think we're getting a bigger bite at the apple. So as we see our market share growing over the last few years outside of the U.S. at 20-plus percent, we think we have a very good shot of maintaining that. And we're very strong coming up this year. So we are accelerating in terms of how we see investment in content to grow our market share. We just think we could do it much more efficiently than we have been because our brands are stronger, we have a lot more that's working but, more importantly, we're sharing content across Discovery, TLC, Animal Planet, Science more effectively.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: David, you've been around this business for a very long time. I know you talked a little bit about how the Comcast-Time Warner Cable deal may or may not impact you. I'm just wondering if you think, over the longer term, this drives a greater consolidation on the media side. It sort of seems like, over the years, distribution consolidates, media then responds, or vice versa. So I'm just wondering if you think the argument around consolidation in content makes more sense now, particularly in the U.S. And then, on a separate topic, for Andy or Dave, when you look at your international affiliate revenue growth outlook, which I think was kind of mid-teens last year on an organic basis, we've got Europe getting better, maybe some of the EMs getting worse. Do you think that meaningfully changes in '14 and beyond? Do you expect that to accelerate or decelerate when you look at the international affiliate outlook?
David M. Zaslav: On the consolidation side, I'll leave that to the distributors, but it does -- we've seen some consolidation in Europe. I think our expectation, in terms of how we see the company, is that we've been in a race. One of the reasons why we've launched 7 new channels over the last 5 years while we've invested in content is both because of consolidation and because content is moving onto other platforms. If you have strong brands and great shows, we think that could be more growth and more opportunity. But if your content isn't strong enough, that consolidation in Europe, consolidation around the world could be a challenge. And so when we say we think this is the best time to be in the content business, that's based on the idea that we own all of our content, our brands are fresh and growing, and people are spending a lot of time with our shows. And so whether there's a lot more consolidation or a little bit, our expectation is that there'll be some. And the way that we'll be more effective in that environment is to have our content strong and to own it so that, as new windows open up, we have the ability to sell, as we have been across those windows.
Andrew C. Warren: And Ben, from a financial perspective, remember the consolidation of Discovery Japan skewed the 2013 numbers to be that mid-teen. It actually was high single digit, excluding Japan, and we expect that to continue in '14.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Goss, Barrington Research.
James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple. The -- first, I wonder if you could comment on the pace of integration of SBS in terms of the margin potential you think it can eventually achieve, like will it match the rest of the international businesses and over what time period? And then, secondly, you talked about an average of something like 8 networks in many international markets under which you could sell ads. I know Discovery, Animal Planet, TLC and ID are ones you've highlighted. What are the other 4 that might typically comprise the channel lineup in your international markups -- markets?
David M. Zaslav: Let me take the second one, and then Andy will talk about the first. If you go to Latin America, we have a channel called Home & Health, which is one of the -- which is a top 5 network in Latin America for women. It's the equivalent of like a Home and Garden, but we got down there many years ago and have built that channel, which is quite strong for us as a female brand. We also have Discovery Kids in Latin America. In Brazil, Discovery Kids is actually the #1 network in Brazil. It's the equivalent of the USA Network of Brazil, there's a ton of co-viewing. And for 6-and-unders, we also beat all the other kids networks by a fair amount. We also have the Science channel. We've been -- as you said, we have ID, Animal Planet, Discovery. In a number of markets, we've launched channels called Turbo, which is similar to what we have with Velocity, which is a very efficient product for us. We take content like Wheeler Dealers, which is very big in Europe. We bring it over here, we put it on Velocity. And so that whole auto category, men, Turbo, is something that we're finding as a very efficient push to push around the world. And then, we have some broadcast networks, which, as we've talked about in the past, we really see as a hybrid. Even though we don't have sub fees on those, we launch those in markets with low pay-TV penetration. And those, we tend to take our 14 channels here in the U.S. and our average of 10 channels around the world, take that content and figure out a fun mix of male, female content at a very, very low cost to reach a bigger audience.
Andrew C. Warren: Jim, on the SBS side, clearly, the cost synergies are largely behind us and are definitely higher than our deal scenario and deal expectations, the cost synergies around facilities and people costs, et cetera. So that's actually pacing ahead of where we thought. The revenue synergies are still in process, and our view today relative to a year ago is those are also going to be higher. So net-net, SBS is performing better than our deal case, and the IRRs look stronger than we even thought going in. As far as all-in margins, while we're definitely going to grow the SBS margins, and we have already from where they were before, they won't get to where the total D&I is only because of the general entertainment nature of that business, and that's a different cost model. But to be clear, we're definitely growing the margin profile of SBS, and it is performing better than we had expected when we did the deal.
James C. Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Actually, one more quick thing. Can you go the other way around, too, with Eurosport, bringing that into the U.S.A., given there might be some interest in -- given the melting pot nature of the country?
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well, we have a significant platform advantage in -- throughout all of Europe. It's beachfront real estate. Having between 1 and 4 channels that are -- where we can do sports gives leagues the choice of either going country-by-country or doing a broad deal with us. It also -- in a competitive environment where you have 1 or 2 players competing -- or 3 players competing for sports rights, the ability for us to come and co-bid with a big broadcast player, where they pay a significant amount of the freight and we pay a little bit and together, we have a compelling offer, is attractive. We don't have that platform advantage here in the U.S. And in fact, it's pretty late to the party. ESPN does a great job. Fox is doing a great job. Brian and Steve are doing a very good job with NBC Universal, and Time Warner is in the game. And so we have a very good channel in Velocity that we like very much. It's very profitable for us, the cost of content is very low. And the way that we'll use sports is that we'll take some content from Eurosport that we have the rights to -- we've taken some of the race content that Eurosport has rights to, and we put it on, on weekend mornings on Velocity for very low cost as an experiment with Eurosport. But we see -- outside the U.S., Eastern Europe, Western Europe, we've launched Eurosport in Asia and in Australia as being markets where it's not very competitive, we have scalability in terms of our access to content, and in many cases, we have rights. The other thing that Eurosport has, which has some accessibility, is we have online rights to all the sports that we have. And they have a very nice business related to that, but there's some nice optionality. If you look at what David Stern has done with the NBA by going direct-to-consumer, there's some very nice optionality on all the sports rights that Eurosport has that we could look at. But the U.S. market is pretty flooded, pretty aggressive and very expensive. And so I think we'll bow out of that for now.
Operator: The last question comes from Barton Crockett, FBR.
Barton E. Crockett - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I wanted to ask a little bit more about the international outlook. I noticed you had the great growth in 2013, but a lot of that was kind of audience growth and some of that tied from new initiatives like your free-to-air launches. How do you see -- how sustainable do you see the audience trajectory into 2014, and how does that factor into your guidance? And then, kind of on a similar topic, Viacom, coming out of their earnings call for the December quarter, was saying that they saw green shoots in the TV ad market in Europe. And I think last quarter, you guys were feeling pretty good about the possibility of the macro feeling better there. Could you update us on your current feeling about the TV ad environment in Europe?
David M. Zaslav: We see it, really, as stable. There are markets, like Spain, that are getting a little better. Maybe the U.K., a little bit better. France and Italy, maybe flat to worse. So I would say, in the aggregate, we're seeing the market pretty stable from where it's been over the last 2 years. Again, if the market does pick up, and I hope that Philippe is correct that it starts to blossom, if it does, with the market share gains that we're seeing, with the local teams we have on the ground and the brand strength, we'll be able to take advantage of that. And that's part of our strategy. We've seen Western Europe as the new emerging market. We picked up assets. We've been very disciplined about growing share, about building our brands and about investing, and we've gotten some good return. Our assumption is it's going to stay like this for the next 2 to 3 years. If it gets better, then it will be reflected in a better performance. Andy?
Andrew C. Warren: Our base assumption for International is still double-digit revenue and OIBDA growth in 2014. So we still see a sustained, solid double-digit performance out of the base business internationally.
Craig Felenstein: Thanks for your time this morning, everybody, and please give us a call with any follow-up questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you for joining in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein David M. Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Barton E. Crockett - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Vasily Karasyov - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Discovery Communications' Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Sonia, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Craig Felenstein, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Craig Felenstein: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications' 2013 Third Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy. After which, we will open the call up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events. They involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Discovery's consistent financial growth and strong operating momentum continued during the third quarter as our diverse family of brands and deep content portfolio attracted larger audiences around the globe enabling us to capitalize on a stable worldwide ad environment. At the same time, we further exploited the evolution of pay television across our unique international distribution platform and took further advantage of some of the opportunities that our recent strategic acquisitions provide. As we maximize the synergies associated with the SBS Nordic assets, our strategic priority remains exactly the same: Invest in high-quality content with broad and diverse appeal in those geographic locations that provide the most significant, long-term advertising and affiliate opportunities. This underlying focus has allowed us to keep our organic growth story strongly intact, as evidenced by our double-digit revenue and profit growth this quarter, excluding acquisitions. And this growth is broad based, with advertising and distribution revenues expanding nicely across both our domestic and international portfolios. Equally as important, by incrementally spending only on those brands and regions that have demonstrated meaningful upside, we can ensure that the majority of the revenue growth over the long term will fall directly to our bottom line, delivering sustained organic margin expansion, even as we invest in future growth. While investing judiciously is important in all facets of our business, it is especially true domestically, given the maturity level and competition in the U.S. market. Over the last several years, we have continuously expanded market share, grown ad revenues and delivered profit growth in the U.S., even as we invested in developing many new brands and strengthening our existing flagships. Since 2008, we have built several new networks off our existing distribution, including Investigation Discovery, Destination America, OWN, Hub and Velocity, while refocusing our existing networks such as Animal Planet and Science and reinforcing our 2 biggest networks, Discovery and TLC. Our targeted investment spend domestically has resulted in sustained audience growth, with viewership across our portfolio, up nearly 60% over the last 5 years. This past quarter, Discovery's domestic networks delivered their best third quarter ever, with viewership among key adult 25 to 54 demo, up 10% in prime time, led by 18% growth at the Discovery Channel. Discovery Channel produced record third quarter ratings, led by the best Shark Week in our history with over 50 million viewers tuning in. Remarkable, given that it has been on the air for 26 years. Shark Week's longevity, along with the success this past quarter of returning favorites, Deadliest Catch and Fast N' Loud, demonstrates the depth and range of Discovery's content and the enduring power of our mission to deliver high-quality content that satisfies curiosity. And with new hits such us Naked and Afraid joining the stable and a slate of exciting new content in the pipeline, Discovery Channel is poised to continue captivating audiences and delivering value to advertisers and affiliates. Our 2 other fully distributed networks also delivered nice viewership growth this past quarter. TLC was up 4% in its key female demographic, led by Sister Wives, Breaking Amish and Here Comes Honey Boo Boo. We continue to work to drive our relationship with our viewers through social media. Earlier this month, TLC paired the strength of Long Island Medium's Theresa Caputo, one of our most popular characters, with the power of Twitter in a season premiere that allowed fans to tweet to win a reading and maybe see their tweet on TV in real time. With live cut-ins of Theresa throughout the night, TLC had its most social day ever, generating more than 1 million tweets and 8 Twitter trending topics, and starting to prove out that Twitter and TV can be powerful partners. And Animal Planet increased viewership 5% this past quarter, driven by returning hit, Call of the Wildman and freshman series, Treehouse Masters, both of which delivered over 1.3 million viewers, helping Animal Planet finish as a top 20 network for men for the third consecutive quarter. The viewership gains across our flagship networks certainly fueled the overall portfolio growth during the quarter, but we also continued to develop our newest growth engines. ID was up 5% in its key demo, as it remains a top 10 network during the day and is the top ranked network in all of television for length of tune. Destination America was up 18% this quarter among adults 25 to 54 and is delivering real value for advertisers. And Velocity, the fastest growing men's lifestyle network on cable, was up nearly 30% versus the third quarter a year ago, as it delivered its best quarter ever. The combination of ratings growth and a relatively healthy ad market enabled us to deliver another quarter of double-digit ad gains during Q3. And looking ahead, with sustained ratings momentum, a strong upfront under our belt, cancelations that are still at low levels and a scatter market that thus far remains robust, we remain confident that we can deliver sustained advertising growth moving forward. The ratings and advertising success we are enjoying across our consolidated domestic portfolio also extends to our joint venture networks. The Hub delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth this past quarter among kids 2 to 11 in Total Day. While OWN continued its torrid pace, with its highest quarter ever, growing over 50% in prime time versus the third quarter a year ago. OWN's multifaceted success has been driven by Oprah, Tyler Perry's 2 new hit series and Saturday's powerful lineup of Iyanla: Fix My Life, Welcome to Sweetie Pie's and Six Little McGhees. The overall rating growth is translating into significant advertising gains. And when combined with the affiliate fees that the channel had previously locked in, OWN was able to deliver additional cash flow back to Discovery this past quarter. Discovery's third quarter results also further demonstrate the value of owning the vast majority of our programming, as we recognized additional revenue under our existing license agreements. Owning our content provides flexibility regarding when and how we monetize our content library. We remain platform agnostic with regards to distributing our programming and continue to explore additional opportunities to extract value while operating within the existing pay-TV ecosystem. As we continue to build new avenues of growth across the more mature U.S. business, the bigger opportunity remains the potential of our international portfolio, where we are diligently applying our targeted investment approach to exploit our unparalleled market position and capitalize on those areas with significant upside from the evolution of pay television and the developing global advertising landscape. Discovery's thoughtful investment over the last 2 decades in securing distribution and establishing relationships with key affiliates, suppliers and advertisers in each market has given us a huge head start internationally. But it's the additional steps we have taken over the last several years to take advantage of our market position that is driving such strong results today and will allow us to continue to grow even as pay-TV penetration growth begins to slow eventually. As markets have developed, we have aggressively opened new offices in key countries, like Turkey, the Ukraine and India, to closely connect with an evolving middle class. At the same time, we have established in-house sales functions in markets where the revenue opportunity dictated a more hands-on approach, such as Russia, Colombia and Argentina. On the content side, we've increased our programming spend internationally by over 80% since 2010 to capitalize on market opportunities, including broadening the reach of our female flagship, TLC, into over 165 countries, making TLC the most distributed women's brand in the world from a standing start 24 months ago. Also expanding the footprint of our successful investigative and forensic content into 150 countries with ID, and we expect to approach 180 countries in the year ahead; or launching the kids network recently across Asia. All in, over the last 3 years, we have launched over 60 new feeds and 5 new languages to satisfy the growing demand for our content, and the strong revenue growth we are delivering today is certainly due in a large part to the this targeted investment. The strength and local feel of our suite of network brands, Discovery, Science, Animal Planet, ID and TLC, bringing 5 channels, which share content and content that we own and reach a diversified demographic of both men and women is really working. Together with the significant subscriber growth we are experiencing in many markets around the world, the result is more and more viewers connecting with our suite of networks, providing sustainable market share growth and corresponding ad growth this quarter of 29%. While it is certainly difficult to predict how the various international markets will perform going forward, we remain optimistic about our long-term growth prospects, given the platform we have built, the investments we have made and the growth we are delivering today, despite a relatively slow economic climate in many of the countries we operate in. As we continue to invest in our organic growth initiatives, we're also making significant strides integrating our recent SBS Nordic acquisition. The joint ad sales team we've assembled is closing deals in the spot market, while preparing upfront presentations to message during the first quarter that lay out the compelling content offering and value proposition we can deliver to ad clients. On the cost side, we have carefully eliminated any redundant positions and consolidated physical locations where appropriate, while programming teams have identified thousands of hours of content that can be shared across the combined portfolio. It's still early days, but after digging in, we remain certain that the combined entity of SBS Discovery Media further strengthens the unmatched platform Discovery has built up over the last 2 decades and helps to bolster the long-term growth outlook of our international portfolio. Overall, we head into the fourth quarter of 2013 with continued financial and operating momentum as we execute on our strategic priorities. Our focus remains building out our diverse set of brands and further developing our global distribution platform for long-term growth, while delivering consistent financial results. At the same time, given our strong balance sheet and the free cash flow we are generating, we are committed to returning additional capital to shareholders, so we can further build shareholder value. And with that, I will turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew C. Warren: Thanks, David, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As David highlighted, Discovery's financial momentum continued during the third quarter as we delivered double-digit underlying revenue and OIBDA growth by further executing upon our key strategic growth initiatives in a relatively healthy global operating environment. On a reported basis, total company revenue in the third quarter increased 28%, led by 10% domestic and 59% international growth, which included several newly acquired businesses, most notably SBS Nordic, as well as additional licensing revenue primarily related to our deal with Netflix. Excluding these items and the impact of foreign currency, total company revenue growth was 12%. Total operating expenses on a reported basis increased 34%, primarily due to the inclusion of newly acquired businesses. Excluding these acquisitions, the additional cost related to our Netflix agreement and the impact from foreign currency movements, total company expenses increased 12% versus the prior year due to the expected higher content amortization and marketing spend during the quarter. As we highlighted on previous earnings calls, underlying operating expense growth will meaningfully abate in the fourth quarter. However due to anticipated several onetime expense items, which will result in reported operating expense growth similar to Q3. These onetime items include a charge related to the recently announced termination of our program and agreement with the BBC, as well as additional content impairment expense largely associated with the recent management change at TLC. On a reported basis, adjusted OIBDA in the third quarter increased 20%, excluding newly acquired businesses, the licensing agreements and foreign exchange. Discovery's continued ability to generate revenue growth in excess of expenses while also investing in sustained future growth opportunities translated into a robust 11% increase in adjusted OIBDA. Net income increased to $256 million in the third quarter, up 24%, driven by the strong operating performance across the company; $22 million of better equity results, primarily due to significant improvements at OWN; and a $19 million gain related to the sale of our Petfinder business. These items were partially offset by $29 million of higher tax expense, $12 million of increased interest expense related to the additional debt we issued in March of this year and $53 million [ph] of increased amortization expense, primarily related to the purchase accounting associated with the SBS Nordic acquisition. As I mentioned last quarter, the SBS purchase price allocation to amortizable trademarks, distribution contracts, broadcast licenses and other assets results in additional amortization expense for the last 9 months of 2013 of about $130 million with a similar amount anticipated for the 12 months of 2014. Earnings per diluted share for the third quarter was $0.71, 29% above the third quarter a year ago. Adjusted earnings per diluted share, a more relevant metric from a comparability perspective as it excludes the impact from noncash acquisition amortization of intangible assets, was $0.80 compared to $0.55 in Q3 2012, a 45% improvement. Free cash flow increased 24% in the quarter to $438 million, as the strong operating performance and lower tax payments primarily resulting from the extension of the accelerated content cost recovery under Section 181, was partially offset by higher content investment. Content spend year-to-date is up only mid-single digits, excluding the newly acquired businesses. And as David highlighted, the increased programming spend continues to pay off in terms of rating momentum and higher advertising revenue. Before I move on to the divisional results, I do want to highlight that while not part of our reported free cash flow, OWN accelerated its cash repayments to Discovery during the third quarter, as the joint venture paid down approximately $20 million of its total outstanding obligation. For the fourth quarter of this year, we expect OWN to further accelerate its cash repayments to Discovery, while generating positive equity income for the first time in the joint venture's history. Now turning to the operating units. The U.S. Networks continued to perform well during the third quarter, with total reported domestic revenues of 10%, including 10% distribution revenue growth due in part to additional licensing revenue. Excluding the additional licensing revenue, total domestic revenue increased 8% with distribution revenues up 5%, predominantly from higher rates and to a lesser extent, additional digital subscribers. Please note that we do not anticipate significant additional licensing revenue under our existing agreements during the fourth quarter of this year. The U.S. Network ad sales team generated another quarter of strong growth in Q3, translating to higher delivery, most notably from Discovery Channel, Animal Planet and Destination America, as well as higher pricing across all networks into 12% advertising growth versus the third quarter a year ago. Thus far in the fourth quarter, the current market trends continue to be encouraging with scatter pricing up double digits from the mid to high single-digit gains we garnered during our recent upfront negotiations. We do, however, have fewer premiere hour scheduled for the remainder of the year versus the same period a year ago. But given the strong market conditions, we still anticipate high single-digit advertising growth in the fourth quarter. Turning to the cost side. Domestic operating expenses were up 11% from the third quarter 2012, primarily due to anticipated higher content amortization associated with the increased programming cash spend over the past few years, additional content costs associated with digital licensing agreements and higher marketing costs for series on TLC and ID. Domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 10% on a reported basis versus last year's third quarter and 6% excluding the impact of licensing agreements. Turning to our international operations, current quarter reported results reflect the impact of newly acquired businesses, SBS Nordic, Switchover Media and Fatafeat. For comparability purposes, however, my following international comments will refer to the results excluding these acquisitions. Our international segment continued to deliver strong momentum across our global operations this past quarter, with revenues expanding 14%, led by 27% ad and 11% affiliated growth. Excluding the impact of exchange rates, total revenue growth was 18%, with advertising revenue increasing 29% and affiliate revenue up 14%. The advertising revenue growth clearly benefited from the impact of the Olympics a year ago, but we delivered broad-based increases with double-digit growth across every region, led by Western Europe, mainly from the continued success of several of our free-to-air initiatives, particularly in Italy and Spain; and by Latin America, from higher pricing and delivery across the regions. On the affiliate front, the year-on-year 14% increase was driven by subscriber growth, especially in Latin America from the continued expansion of pay television in Brazil and Argentina, as well as by the consolidation of Discovery Japan. Excluding Japan, our international affiliate revenue growth would have been up high single digits. Operating costs internationally were up 19%, excluding the currency impact, primarily driven by higher content amortization, increased personnel costs, as we further expand our global footprint, and the consolidation of Discovery Japan. The international segment delivered 17% adjusted OIBDA growth in the third quarter, excluding newly acquired businesses and foreign currency, as the international team continued to significantly grow revenues on investing in long-term growth initiatives. Taking a look at our financial position, with a strong balance sheet and sustained financial and operating momentum, we continue to return capital to shareholders through execution of our share repurchase program. As we've discussed, our first priority remains investing in our core businesses to drive sustained long-term growth, be it through investing in existing networks and platforms or through exploring acquisition opportunities. While that remains our core focus, given the healthy free cash flow we are generating, our gross leverage targets and strong long-range free cash flow per share growth assumptions, we had the opportunity to continue returning capital to shareholders, as well as investing in our global businesses. During the third quarter, Discovery repurchased nearly $450 million of stock, and we still anticipate buying back a similar amount of stock this year as we did in 2012. Since we began buying back shares towards the end of 2010, we have spent over $4 billion buying back shares, reducing our outstanding share count by more than 87 million shares or 21%. Turning to the remainder of 2013, we are encouraged by the sustained momentum across our portfolio and the continued strong ad sales trend we are seeing both domestically and internationally. Therefore, despite the additional fourth quarter onetime expenses I mentioned earlier, we are leaving our total year guidance unchanged. For the full year 2013, we still expect total revenues to be between $5.55 billion and $5.625 billion, adjusted OIBDA to be between $2.425 billion and $2.475 billion and net income to be between $1.1 billion and $1.15 billion. Thanks again for your time this morning. And now David and I will be more than happy to address your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: David, I was wondering if you could comment a bit on the domestic TV Everywhere conversations. And the reason I'm asking is when you look at your results, you can see the value of your content coming through in the ad sales and digital licensing. And when you listen to the cable operators, who I know you're intimately involved with, they talk about the need for TV Everywhere to be pushed more aggressively, yet we seem to not be seeing as many deals as we would expect, particularly in your -- at your company. So if you could spend a minute on what the issue is and how you think this gets resolved and then maybe any timing around that as you head into another renewal discussion at the end of this year, I think that would be helpful. And then I just have a quick follow-up for Andy on corporate. The press release makes the corporate cost drop sound recurring. I just wanted to see if you could comment on that as we look into Q4.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Look, TV Everywhere in concept is terrific for us because we get measured with our spots. Currently we only get measured when you watch it on your computer, but pretty quickly we'll be measured if you watch it on your pad. And so it's kind of -- it's an opportunity for us to move with technology on a fully measured basis. Our position is that right now, the cable operator only has the right to carry our channels through to the TV set. And giving that pliability to the consumer is a real benefit to the cable operator. And so for us, right now, we're just at this -- a little bit of an impasse on value. We think that there's substantial value in us allowing our 13 channels that represent almost 12% of viewership on cable to go. And from our perspective, and eventually it will happen, one of the reasons, I think, it hasn't happened with us as quickly is our deals haven't come up yet. So most of these get done when you do your deal. So it includes new -- launching of additional subs for channels and your fees go up, and then -- and TV Everywhere and what's the value for that, and in that value bundle, the TV Everywhere has gotten done for a lot of the other guys. So for us, I think we're having discussions about doing it separately. So you'll either see that we did a TV Everywhere deal or you might see that we did a deal early, which includes TV Everywhere. Or what will most likely happen, because we're supportive of TV Everywhere, is as we do renewals in the future, if we get the right value, we'll do it. The most important thing for us is that we've built our viewership on cable from about 5% or 6% to almost 12%, with real affinity networks. And when a distributor says TV Everywhere to consumer, TV Everywhere means to consumers that they can watch the shows they like and the channels they like when they want to. And I think we're in a very good position because people are really liking our channels. And with that kind of scale, the distributors are going to need to have us on TV Everywhere for it to be successful.
Andrew C. Warren: Great. Ben, it's Andy. Just to add one point to that. One element that we've talked a lot about is the need for measurements of authenticated viewership. And Nielsen's committed to, in 2014, a measurement approach for that, that we can monetize on Madison Avenue. But that also is a big question mark. And then on your corporate cost question, as we've said, we are very focused on cost containment and cost productivity, especially in our corporate area. So yes, the costs were down year-over-year in the third quarter. And yes, they will be down again year-over-year in the fourth quarter. So it's been an area of focus, and we've had some success.
Operator: The next question comes from David Bank, RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: If you guys look at your advertising growth for this quarter and for recent past ones and kind of near-term upcoming, can you quantify the contribution of, generally, of how you see kind of CPM growth, audience growth and then the growth in sort of integrated advertising as playing a role? Those sort of 3 distinct items. And if it's easier just to talk about the current quarter, that's fine too.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, David. We are seeing some CPM growth, particularly in the U.S., where the market has been pretty healthy. Outside the U.S., most of our strength so far has come from audience. But the fact that we were growing market share over the last 2 years and our scale is getting bigger; outside the U.S., we've been able also to push price. I think you'll see more of that in the quarters ahead. This quarter, our viewership was up 12% outside the U.S., and we were able to get 29% advertising growth. It's because we're starting to be able to get a better power ratio. On the integration piece, we're very well positioned for that because we produce all of our own content. And when you look at our 13 channels, we have the ability because we produce our content to do a lot of integrations. Joe Abruzzese has a terrific team. We have a whole group that focuses just on this. And it gets us an added hurdle of benefit when you take a look at the upfront or the scatter. And then we're able to bring in some premium advertisers because we can provide unique value. We're not doing as much of that outside the U.S. but we're doing more today than we were 1 year or 2 ago. So I think that will be something that we're going to continue to push on and should help us.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Is there any way -- you said it kind of gives you an added hurdle. Just as a follow-up, is there any way you could give us sort of a ballpark contribution level for what that hurdle is?
David M. Zaslav: I mean, I would say right now in the U.S., it's an added benefit. It's not significant but it's not immaterial. So it's one of those things that we look at us an edge on a lot of our competitors because we do produce our content. We have an intimate relationship with the advertisers. And so every time we can do it, it's added dollars and it's added benefit for the advertisers. So it's one of those things, I think, we can build on and it's unique to us and a couple of other media companies that really produce all of their own content in niche affinity groups.
Operator: The next question comes from John Janedis, UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: David, I know it's early, but did you say that 1Q cancelations are in line with historical levels? And can you talk a bit about the recent ratings trends at Discovery and TLC? Is some of the weakness related to the reduction of premiere hours you talked about? And would those tick up in 2014?
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, John. Right now, in terms of cancelations, they're quite low. They are consistent with what we've been seeing. So we had a good upfront where we were mid to high single in terms of the kind of economic increase we were able to get. And so first quarter looks good. On the ratings side, for October we pulled back a little bit. The broadcasters have been strong. They were coming out with a lot of strong content. Football was coming in. And we felt like we should hold some of our powder and let the broadcasters have their thing. Let the viewers like -- wanted to try out a lot of that content. And so we're now feathering in. We just launched Gold Rush this past Friday. We launched Moonshiners on TLC. We rolled in some of our new content, which you're going to start to see this quarter, this week and the next 3 weeks. So I think that you'll see a real stabilization over the next 2 months with -- on TLC and Discovery. On our other networks, we didn't really change our approach because they're much more niche networks. And we didn't think the broadcast piece was going to have much of an effect on ID, much of an effect on Destination America or OWN; and in fact, it didn't.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then just separately, you referenced SBS. Now that you've owned it for a few months, can you talk about what you're seeing relative to expectations? And are your synergies tracking in line from both the timing and cost savings perspective?
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well it's doing better than we expected. It's a very strong business. Just to remind everybody, it's about a 30% subscriber fee business. We've been effective in attacking the cost structure in terms of how we house our people. And we've -- we're now in the process of taking advantage of our revenue synergies. They get a lot more for their advertising than we do. They also -- because of scale, they were operating at 20%, 30%, 35% of market share in terms of viewership. So with distributors, they were stronger. So on advertising, we'll see it pretty quickly. And on the distribution, we'll see it as it -- as those deals flow in, which will be over the next 2 to 3 years, there's a shorter cycle. The revenue synergies, again, will be over time -- I would say, probably 2/3 of the cost synergies we've attacked. We've been over there a number of times. We've got a really good team, so a little more to come on that. You'll see the advertising again before you'll see the distribution. But it's all working as we hoped, and we think it's going to be a terrific asset for us.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Staying over across the pond, love to hear what's going on with TF1 and Eurosport, just generally how is that going. And any benefit that it's giving you across your portfolio? And then assuming you're going to say it's going well, any thoughts on your timing of when you might look to buy in the rest of that stake and if that might happen sooner than later? And then I have a follow-up.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Todd. Things are going very well with Eurosport and with TF1 Group. They're great partners. Martin Bouygues is -- just getting a chance to get in a room with him and see how he sees the market in France and learn from his experience in Eurosport has been positive for us. We like the business a lot. We've been learning about the business. It's unusual. It's in 59 countries with between 1 and 4 channels, so it's a true Pan-European sports vehicle. I would say we think it -- looking at it now from the inside, we think it even has more potential, really because of the unique nature of it. It's -- all that distribution, in some ways, it falls in the category of what do we do and what do we understand. When I got to Discovery, we had all these channels all around the world. And the question for us was how do we maximize those to make the most money and reach the most viewers? And so Eurosport, like Discovery when I got here 8 years ago, has a fantastic platform portfolio. Nobody comes close. Nobody even -- there's no one that can tie even half of those countries together with even 1 channel, let alone 1 to 4. And so our challenge, us and TF1 together, is how do we take something that's doing well and has a unique platform and make it even stronger. And so we're going to attack it the same way we attacked Discovery, more local, looking at content in each country, looking at partnerships in each country. And we have that right to take control, and that -- it's a unilateral right, and we'll look at that over time.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And just a quick follow-up for Andy. Andy, you made some comments about the rate of spend in cash basis in terms of programming. Not always easiest to figure out on the outside the amortization schedule. Any comments you can make about how the rate of cash spend on programming this year and past years will translate into program amortization? How we should be thinking about that for the next year or so?
Andrew C. Warren: Sure, Todd. We said earlier this year that you'll see the -- or kind of moderate our investment in content, given the original hours that we invested in 2011 and '12. We all know there were some double-digit cash increases. We had some nice payback on that. This year though, one thing I highlighted was on an apples-to-apples basis, we're in the mid-single-digit growth year-over-year, which is what our commitment was earlier in the year. So from an amort perspective, you will still see double-digit amort coming through in 2013, but you'll see that abate in '14, as the single-digit cash investment this year helps next year's amort. So think in terms of a decreasing cash investment in 2013 and then a decreasing amort in '14.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank. [Audio Gap]
Unknown Analyst: advertising growth since it's so terrific. First, is there a way you can quantify how much the Olympics comp helped your growth?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. Roughly, if you look at it on a 2-year basis, clearly last year, there's a lot of advertising money, particularly in Europe, that was moved out of the third quarter into fourth. So say it's 5% to 10% of an improvement in the third quarter that helped the 29%. And then conversely, you'll see on a 2-year basis a similar kind of growth rate year-over-year. So there'll be roughly, call it, 20-plus in the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: I have one for David and one for Andy. David, I wondered you made investments in Western Europe and you mentioned that Italy and Spain were definitely a bit better this quarter. What are you feeling about kind of the turn in Western Europe? Do you see potential green shoots of growth? Or was this more of an Olympic comp question? So I wondered kind of what your view is of the economic turn there?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. Well look, the good news about the way we've been able to build this -- our economic attack across Western Europe is we're the biggest cable program player in Western Europe. We make more money than anyone else in Western Europe. We have more channels than anyone in Western Europe. But because we can use our content across those countries so efficiently and because our channel position and sub fees are strong, we're -- we've been able to get sustainable growth, not just in terms of sub fees, but more importantly, we've been able to grow more than 20% in ad revenue across Western Europe when the majority of those countries are flat or in recession. And so for us, that's a big part of our growth strategy, is maintain high -- sustainable high-growth in a flat or recessionary environment. Now 2 weeks ago, I was in Madrid, and Munich and London. And you read about things getting better. Candidly, the buzz is better. As you go into those countries and you meet with the advertisers and you sit down with the government and you ask what are they seeing, what do they expect. Everyone seems to think things are better. Having said that, I would say it's pretty stable. Italy is still really struggling. France is struggling. Spain, they're saying that maybe they're going to make the turn and go to a plus 1%. We'll have to wait and see. I would say it's certainly not getting worse. But for us, I think we're in great shape. If a year from now, 2 years from now, 3 years from now, you start seeing Western Europe improving, then we're going to -- you're going to see a ton of energy against us because our market share is growing in those markets. Our pricing power is growing in those markets. And we're growing 20% in those markets given these conditions. So we feel very good about Western Europe. And for us, with a long approach to this, we see Western Europe as the new emerging market. We bought assets there. We've launched channels there. And in the aggregate, Western Europe is bigger than the U.S. So Latin America is huge for us. But Western Europe, we've been very opportunistic and we've been very careful in terms of how we spend our money. That could be a big growth engine for us.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. And then can I just ask Andy one on SBS? I know it's lumped in and acquired with a couple of other assets. Can you give me a sense of your organic revenue growth, SBS, what the EBITDA growth was for that asset alone?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Michael. We -- if you look at the press release, we have a table that kind of lays this all out. For the third quarter, they're -- all the acquisitions together were about $33 million of OIBDA. And that's -- while, we're not highlighting specifically what their growth was, they've had some very nice growth year-over-year. And their performance, as David mentioned before, is at or better than our expectation going into the acquisition. So their performance is strong. And again, if you look at the table, we lay out specifically what the acquisitions -- what their impact was on both international and total company.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Right. But I just wondered what the base was off of last year, so we could look at our forward models and try to figure out if we're modeling the correct growth rates of these assets for the next couple quarters.
Andrew C. Warren: We look at it in total. So we're not going to split it out, Michael. But if you look at it in aggregate, it's -- again, the growth rate has been strong and it's been better than our expectation. But we're not going to specifically lay out SBS.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Then let me ask this question, seasonality is 3 -- how would 3Q compare over the 4 quarters as a contributor to EBITDA? Is it lighter? Is it stronger? So in terms of run rates, does fourth quarter compare [ph] for seasonality?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. It's similar to what you see with our business. There's certainly some seasonality. You'll see growth in the fourth quarter is based on advertising and holiday spending. So you'll see seasonality exists there as you see in other parts, particularly in the ad supported businesses. So you'll see a greater contribution, a greater performance out of SBS in the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Alexia Quadrani, JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You mentioned earlier that we should not -- we're not likely to see anymore additional licensing revenue in the fourth quarter of this year. I guess, can you talk about -- I don't know if it's too early, but should we expect some coming in 2014? I can't remember what your renewal cycle was. I think you might have a renewal up in the first quarter?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. For the fourth quarter, it's going to be very small, Alexia. I mean, the revenue we had in the third quarter was largely driven by the extension of the Netflix option we had, but there will be a very immaterial amount of SVOD revenue in the fourth quarter.
David M. Zaslav: And for next year, it'll depend on what deals we do. We haven't done deals outside the U.S. We did one very small one, but there's -- we're really contemplating where could we take advantage of that new window, which is almost all incremental margin for us, with companies like Amazon or LOVEFiLM, which is Amazon outside the U.S., and Netflix. So we're looking at that. We also have some deals coming up inside the U.S. that we could do. We have found that there's been no degradation of audience from the deals that we have done. And we think as we go into those discussions, as there's a lot interest in our content, we have series that are doing better. We have brands that are stronger. We have a lot more content. So right now, it's a very good time to be exploiting that market. Having said that, there are some markets where TV is really just growing. I was down in Brazil last week, and if you're -- you go to -- you're in São Paolo and you're in Rio and that you're looking at what's going on with the cable market, that you have a whole C-class that's opting on to television for the first time. And so for us, we're on that first starter C-class package. So if NET Brazil launches to approach the C-class with 12 channels, we have 5 of those channels. And that's how people are being introduced to TV, and it's quite hot there. And it's -- and then they get -- over time, they get -- they try and get the cable operators or distributors trying to push them up to a broader package. So in some markets, there's a real concern about doing some of the SVOD deals so early on. And so we're going to -- we're taking the long look at how do we grow our business in the long term, and we're -- if doing SVOD deals means extra dollars, extra value, extra eyeballs, we'll do them. And where holding off for a period of time is better for us in terms of long-term branding and growth, we're going to do that.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just a follow-up question, I think, on your earlier comments about the level of current cash investment in programming. It sounds like given the ratings success you've had in terms of the level of cash investment, should we assume sort of roughly the same level next year?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. What we said is that going forward, model out high single-digit growth year-over-year in content spend, and there -- correspondingly increase of high single digit on a content amort. That's kind of our long-range planning and modeling around maximizing the value of the content, maximizing the value of our global reach. So high single digit is kind of our long-range thinking and planning.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Greenfield, BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: When you look at the broadcast cable ad dollars shift, the broadcasters seemed to be cheering quite a bit that if you look at their live ratings, yes, they're down meaningfully. But if you go to live plus 3 or live plus 7, it's all going to be okay. Discovery doesn't seem to talk about the big benefit from DVR viewing. It seems like you do a lot better in live year-over-year than your broadcast peers. And just wondering as you move into the upfront and even into just overall '14, '15 advertising, how do you think that changes or accelerates the shift in ad dollars?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Rich. Well, first, we are not at the top of the list of channels that have high DVR shows. Having said that, we're moving in that direction. Because if you look at OWN, a lot of Oprah's Next Chapter, Tyler's shows, Sweetie Pie's, if you look at Discovery, we have more and more series. And so we're finding that we're getting a more meaningful pickup on the DVR plus 3. Having said that, I'd say 80% to 90% of the viewership on the DVR, we do get picked up in the first 3 days. I think the broadcaster will benefit more than we will if it goes to 7, but we'll get some benefit. The overall viewership trend that helps us in a market that's flat here in the U.S. is that, one, we're growing our market share, which is important. Two is we're growing women with OWN, ID, TLC, Animal Planet, Destination America. We have a real suite of women's networks. So that as viewers move off of broadcast, the viewers that are sometimes in the most demand are women, and we've really built that -- built up a very strong offering in that area. And the fact that the CPM is still significantly different. And so look, I think broadcasters had a good start to the season. They've been -- last quarter they were down 22%. Starting in this season, they're up a little bit and with DVR, they're up a little bit more. Good for them. I think it's good for all of us. More people are watching TV, more people are engaged in shows. We're often not the first choice. We're often the second or third choice, and that's a good thing. People, they may watch The Voice, and then they get a little bit bored and say what's my favorite and what are my 2 or 3 other favorite networks, and if we're -- if we get a good amount of that second, third viewership on Animal Planet, on ID, on a lot of our channels, that's how we make a lot of our bread and butter. So overall, I think if it goes to 7, it will help the broadcasters more but it'll help us some. And right now, it's pretty good for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Barton Crockett, FBR Capital Markets.
Barton E. Crockett - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: As you're coming onto the renewal cycle domestically in the fourth quarter, I was wondering if you could update us on how you feel about the current state of negotiations? And what do you see about the potential for you guys to see something like we've seen with the other operators, a bit of a blackout. You haven't had that historically. Do you still feel confident you won't see that? And then how do you feel about the potential for you guys to eventually move closer to the kind of high single-digit core affiliate growth rates that you see at many of your peers?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Barton. Well, look, I think we're having a great run. We've built a terrific creative team and we've invested a lot of money in our content. And our viewership share has gone from 5% when we did most of these deals, or 6%, to almost 12%. OWN is the #1 or 2 network for African-American women in the U.S., beating BET, which is a fantastic network, 2 or 3 nights a week. We have TLC as a strong network. Discovery, the most valued network on cable, according to the cable operators surveys. ID, a top 10 network in America. So we've come a long way. Science is a great affinity network; Hub. So we've come a long way, and we've done it the hard way and the old way, old-fashioned way. We've invested more money in people, invested more money in content. And when we sit down with the cable operators who we have very good relationships with, they recognize that. Our cost of content has gone up a lot more than our subscriber fees. And we're probably the only guys that, that's the case for. And one of the reasons for that, I believe, is our deals haven't come up yet. And so what we've been doing is we've been good actors. We've done what we said we were going to do. We've got more and more people loving our channels. And now when we sit down and we negotiate our deals, we're going to be looking for fair value. And fair value for us is going to be substantially more than we were getting before because we've doubled our market share, our channels are working, we've invested a lot of money. And the cable operators and the distributors have gotten a lot of value out of that. They've been selling our channels. And so I think we've got a great hand, all of our deals come up together. So that when we sit down with a distributor, if we do have a collision, then we have all 13 of our channels. We have the #1 network for Hispanic men, with Discovery Español. So we have really been building these affinity niche groups. So our expectation is that we will get meaningful value in return for the strong performance for our channels. And if we don't, then we're going to have to stand for the value that we deserve. We've been doing it around the world, and we'll do it here. We did very nicely in our deals last year, but a very small percentage of our deals came up. We got higher increases; we got channels rolled down. We got some issues on channel position addressed and we didn't even use TV Everywhere. So I think we got a great hand. And if we have to, we'll stand up for ourselves because it's our time.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Morris from Guggenheim Securities.
Michael C. Morris - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Hoping you could talk a bit about, a bit more about your free-to-air initiative internationally. You highlighted it as a driver of international ad growth. And I guess, a couple of questions are: how much of that is -- are you organic now in terms of that growth? Or was there some additional channels there in terms of the year-over-year growth? And how much did that contribute to that 29% growth? Also, do you see more opportunities for free-to-air channels either in Europe or in other geographies? And what's the risk that it cannibalizes your pay-TV, your traditional revenue stream channels?
David M. Zaslav: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Well, first, this is all real growth because we fully lapped all of our launches. So what you're seeing now is pure year-over-year. The free-to-air is pretty limited. We've done it in markets like Spain that has low pay-TV or Italy that has low pay-TV and Germany. Germany has a massive market but there's only 3.5 million pay-TV subscribers, and we've been in that country for 15 years with great content. Remember, when people say free-to-air, they tend to think of one -- of a broadcast network. We really have what I would call a hybrid model. We buy a free-to-air channel, say, in Spain. But then our cost of content is virtually 0 because we have 15, 20 years of content in language that's never been seen in that market or by the overwhelming majority of the population. And so -- and we continue to churn out that content in other countries for channels that are in language. And so when we go into Spain, we start making money immediately. So we discovered -- we launched Discovery MAX in Spain, and it's getting about 2% market share from nothing. So -- but our cost of content is incredibly low, and so it's quite profitable for us. So we launched a number of free-to-airs in Italy. We're looking to launch another one in Spain. We launched the second free-to-air in Germany. All of them are profitable. And they become nice marketing vehicles for us because we could promote to our pay-TV channels in those markets. In Italy, in particular, the market is down 10% and we're up dramatically. We have our women's broadcast network in Italy, is 1 of the top 4 networks in all of Italy. And it's been a huge success for us, so we launched a male channel over the air there. And that's been a big success for us. And then we promote the Discovery, we promote the Animal Planet, we promote to our channels that are on SKY. That also helps us because when we sit down with SKY, there are some markets that only have 1 or 2 players. In Italy, it's SKY Italia and it's Berlusconi [ph], but Berlusconi [ph] is quite small. And so it gives us some optionality. They didn't want to give us a significant increase for our women's channel on the SKY platform, so we put it on broadcast, and it became a huge asset for us. They now want to carry it, an HD version of it on SKY Italia because it's so popular. Having said all of that, in -- as you look at Latin America, as you look at Russia and the Ukraine, as you look at India and Indonesia, those are growth markets we're playing the dual revenue stream game. That's the game we know how to play, that's the game we're going to play and we're not going to go into any market that has broad pay appeal with free-to-air channels.
Andrew C. Warren: And, Michael, just to add a little more financial color. If you look across all of our regions last quarter, we had strong double-digit ad sales growth in every region. And in 3 of those regions, we don't have free-to-air. So while free-to-air is a nice help -- helper, the core business, the dual stream business has had tremendous ad sales growth in really almost every market. So the real story here is consistent solid growth across our platforms.
David M. Zaslav: The final thing that you see is -- suppose we're in a market and we have 5% market share, and then we launch a broadcast network, which gives us a couple more points. We're approaching in some of these markets with scale, and we've reached in some of these markets, Italy in particular, where we have enough scale that even in a down market, we can push price. And so sometimes, that's part of the thinking in some of these markets, and that we can bring along some of the pay-TV channels in price as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Vasily Karasyov, Sterne Agee.
Vasily Karasyov - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Andy, I have a couple for you. One is about SBS Nordic advertising revenue seasonality. How much of a sequential ramp in advertising revenue should we see this year? Is it comparable to last year? Was the Olympics a factor or not? If you could give us any color, would appreciate it. And then you mentioned that OWN is doing very well currently. Could you give us an idea when you expect to start recognizing only your portion of the income there?
Andrew C. Warren: Sure, Vasily. On the first one, very similar kind of answer. Olympics had an impact, arguably a little less so for SBS, just given the market dynamics there. But the seasonality is very real. And you'll definitely see a meaningful, higher proportion of ad sales in the fourth quarter, and therefore, overall revenue growth for SBS in the fourth quarter. So the dynamics are very similar. With regard to OWN, look it's -- look, as David said, we're incredibly happy with the OWN performance. The $20 million net paydown of debt in the third quarter is tremendous and that will accelerate further in the fourth. With regard to our picking up 100% of what we expect to be profits in the fourth quarter, that will continue for a very long time because the nature isn't -- while they still have negative equity, we pick up 100% of their profit and losses. So as OWN moves to a profit profile, which again should be happening in the fourth quarter, we'll get 100% of that for the foreseeable future until their equity balance is fully restored.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, everybody for joining us. We appreciate your time. If you have any follow-up questions, please let us know. Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein David M. Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Caroline C. Anastasi - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Discovery Communications Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Perita, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Craig Felenstein, Executive Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Discovery Communications Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. Hopefully, you have all received the earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy. After which, we will open the call up to your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Discovery delivered another strong quarter during Q2, as the strategic initiatives we have been driving across the company over the last several years are generating significant financial growth. At the same time, we are continuing to capitalize on the growth of pay-TV globally and a macro ad environment that remains healthy throughout the vast majority of the 200-plus countries we operate in. Discovery's consistent focus on investing in our global platform, building new brands and leveraging additional growth opportunities... [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there is some technical difficulty, so please stand by, and we'll be resuming the call very shortly. And thank you again for your patience.
Craig Felenstein: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications 2013 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy. After which, we will open the call up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Discovery's strong financial and operational performance continued in the second quarter, as the company further capitalized on the organic growth initiatives we've been driving around the globe, while also beginning to take advantage of the opportunities provided by our recent strategic acquisitions. The backbone of Discovery's success remains constant. Sustained investment in broad and diverse on-screen content, with great storytelling, compelling characters and real stakes is enabling us to capitalize on global ad opportunities and a growing demand for content across emerging pay-TV markets and new distribution platforms. There's no question that consumers around the world are watching more video content than ever before, both on conventional television and through emerging distribution channels. With our sustained investment, global appeal, demographic reach and content ownership, Discovery is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this audience demand wherever it emerges on any platform in any market around the world. The sustained financial results we are delivering are a testament to the targeted investment in content we have made over the last several years and reflect our ability to translate the larger audiences that we are generating into consistent ad gains. This past quarter, we generated 13% total company organic ad growth, building on the double-digit growth we delivered in the first quarter of 2013. Domestically, the ad market remains quite strong, with scatter pricing well above last year's upfront, and cancellations at very low levels. When you combine this market strength with the 6% viewership growth we delivered in prime time among our key demographic, the result was double-digit domestic advertising growth during the second quarter. Despite the noise surrounding cable channel ratings, when you look at the sustained success of our portfolio and the multiple new brands we have built, it is apparent that if you invest wisely and deliver high-quality content that is unique and engaging, you can grow your overall audience and deliver increasing value to advertiser and affiliate partners. A great example of this was the phenomenal success of Skywire Live last month on Discovery. Nik Wallenda's breath-taking walk across the Grand Canyon captivated audiences, highlighting how powerful Discovery's mission of showing compelling content that satisfies curiosity can be. Skywire was the most-watched show on cable for the entire quarter, drawing more than 13 million viewers, and it matched that success online where it generated over 2 million streams. Not only did Skywire help drive Discovery Channel's ratings up 6% this past quarter, but it also served as a great platform for launching Naked and Afraid, the latest hit series on our flagship. Naked and Afraid aired immediately following Wallenda, and was Discovery's highest rated new series premiere of the year. While Discovery Channel success this past quarter certainly helped drive our advertising growth, the biggest viewership gains among our network portfolio were in Animal Planet, which expanded its audience another 11% and delivered the best quarter in its history, led by the successful returns of River Monsters and Call of the Wildman, as well as the debut of the new hit show, Treehouse Masters. Animal Planet is a brand we have carefully cultivated over the last 5 years, and it has now grown from a top 40 network to a top 20 network for men, delivering real value to advertisers. Discovery and Animal Planet were not alone in ratings success this past quarter. TLC and ID were up 4% and 6%, respectively, in their key women 25-to-54 demo. And we also saw success from our emerging networks, including Destination America, which was up 16% year-on-year among adults 25 to 54; and Velocity, which increased 49% versus the second quarter a year ago. The diverse ratings success we are delivering, along with the strength of our brands, put us in a great position heading into our upfront negotiations, where we were able to negotiate mid to high single-digit price increases, while generating the highest dollar volume in our history. Equally as important, given the investment we have made in several of our younger networks and the viewership growth they are delivering, Joe Abruzzese's sales team, during the upfront, was able to garner higher volumes across these channels, as advertisers recognize the value and the significant opportunity that brands such as ID, Velocity and Destination America provide. Looking ahead, with a strong upfront under our belts, ratings momentum across our portfolio and a scatter market that remains very healthy, we are confident that we can deliver sustained advertising growth going forward. The ratings success we are enjoying across our domestic portfolio is not limited to our wholly-owned networks. The Hub delivered 32% growth this past quarter in Total Day among kids 2 to 11, its best quarter ever and its seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. At OWN, the addition of Tyler Perry's 2 new series has further accelerated the network's momentum. Tyler delivered 2 bona fide hits with the Haves and Have Nots and Love Thy Neighbor. And along with the success of returning favorites Our America with Lisa Ling, and new series Raising Whitley and Life With La Toya, led viewership gains of 39% in the second quarter among its key women 25-to-54 demo, the highest growth of any cable network in the second quarter. OWN also became a top 20 network in June for women and is now a top 3 network with African-American women and #1 network for African-American women several nights a week. That ratings success is translating into significant advertising growth, including signing over 30 new clients during this upfront and driving double-digit scatter pricing. As a result, I'm proud to report that when combined with the long-term affiliate fees that the channel has previously secured, OWN is now cash flow positive and starting to pay down the investment Discovery has made in the venture. This was ahead of the originally anticipated second half of the year goal of cash flow breakeven. I want to congratulate Oprah and the entire team at OWN for this significant milestone, and we remain very bullish on its long-term trajectory and our ability to drive continued asset appreciation in the future. The second quarter results for our domestic networks also highlight the value of our content across nonlinear platforms, as we began to recognize revenue from the third year of our Netflix agreement. Owning the vast majority of our programming provides us flexibility regarding when and how we monetize our content library. We remain platform agnostic with regards to distributing our programming and continue to explore additional opportunities to extract value by leveraging our expansive library, while protecting the existing pay-TV ecosystem. While the growth and momentum across our domestic business continues, the biggest driver and the one with the most opportunity remains our businesses outside the United States. Our robust portfolio of 45 brands, 183 networks and 238 feeds across more than 220 countries and territories around the world provides a unique opportunity to capitalize on the continued penetration of pay television in the developing global advertising landscape. On the distribution front, we continue to drive subscriber growth from the further evolution of pay-TV, especially in markets like Brazil, Mexico, India and Russia, where there is growing demand for content from the burgeoning middle class. Overall, excluding the SBS acquisition, we expanded our subscriber base 12% versus the second quarter a year ago, which not only drove 14% organic affiliate revenue growth, but also was a significant contributor to the 21% organic ad growth we delivered this quarter. Much like in the U.S., we are strategically investing in content to further capitalize on market opportunities and drive audience and advertising growth. We do this through broader partnerships with our domestic networks, investment in targeted local content and through development of original series from our experienced international production team. We also continue to roll out several of our global brands into additional markets, by diligently capitalizing on opportunities that our existing broad distribution provides, such as expanding ID's reach into now over 160 countries or by further broadening the global distribution of our female flagship, TLC. TLC is now in 164 countries and most recently launched in the U.K., where viewership has more than doubled since its rebrand last quarter. As a result of the subscriber growth we are generating and a stronger content portfolio, we were able to grow viewership this past quarter over 20% globally, making us more and more attractive to advertisers. And this growth is not predicated on one market, rather we are delivering double-digit growth in every one of our regions. I know there is some concern in the marketplace regarding ad trends in Western Europe. And while the market is certainly not robust, we have been able to continue to deliver better than double-digit ad growth due to our strategic programming initiatives. It is certainly difficult to predict how these markets will perform going forward, but we remain optimistic about our long-term growth prospects, given the strong double-digit increases we are delivering today, despite a relatively slow economic climate in many of the countries we operate in. As we continue to invest in our organic growth initiatives, we are also beginning to take advantage of some of the synergy opportunities associated with our recent acquisitions. The combined SBS Discovery Media business in the Nordic region has significant market share, including nearly 40% in Norway, 30% in Denmark and over 20% reach in Sweden. And we are just starting to scratch the surface of what that market strength provides. We have already integrated the sales teams and are beginning to explore joint sales opportunities to fully capitalize on the attractive consumer demographics these networks deliver. On the cost side, we have acted quickly and carefully to reduce redundant positions and consolidate office locations where appropriate. We are also in the midst of a full content portfolio review to explore the opportunities to leverage program libraries across our suite of networks. At the same time, we already have taken several steps to deliver on the opportunities associated with our 20% ownership interest in Eurosport Group, including creating a joint affiliate sales organization to utilize the local relationships Discovery has across Europe. It's still very early days, but we are more confident than ever that these assets are a great complement to our organic growth story, further strengthening the unmatched platform Discovery has built up over the last 2 decades in helping to bolster our long-term growth outlook. Overall, Discovery's second quarter results are very much a continuation of the strategic focus and financial execution we delivered throughout 2012 and into the first quarter of this year. Discovery remains committed to building our diverse portfolio of brands, developing our global distribution platform and capitalizing on our strategic opportunities to best position ourselves for durable and sustained growth, while delivering strong financial results and returning capital to shareholders. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew C. Warren: Thanks, David, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As David mentioned, Discovery continued to deliver strong operating results in the second quarter, as we've further executed upon our key strategic growth initiatives around the globe. On a reported basis, total company revenue in the second quarter increased 30%, led by 61% international growth and 13% domestic growth. Please note that current quarter results include several newly acquired businesses and additional licensing revenue, primarily related to our deal with Netflix. Excluding these items and the impact of foreign currency, total company revenue growth was 10%. Total operating expenses on a reported basis increased 37%, primarily due to the inclusion of newly acquired businesses, as well as the expected higher content amortization and marketing spend during the quarter. Excluding the newly acquired businesses, the additional cost related to our Netflix agreement and the impact of foreign currency movements, total company expenses increased 15% versus the prior year. As we indicated on our last earnings call, given the higher content amortization and the timing of marketing spending, it is anticipated that organic operating expense growth would be in the mid-teen range in the third quarter before abating in Q4. On a reported basis, adjusted OIBDA in the second quarter increased 23%. Excluding newly acquired businesses, the licensing agreements impact and foreign exchange, Discovery's continued ability to generate revenue growth in excess of expenses as we continue to invest in future growth opportunities, translated into a 5% increase in adjusted OIBDA. Net income from continuing operations increased to $300 million in the second quarter, driven by strong operating performance, partially offset by $54 million of higher tax expense and $19 million of increased interest expense associated with the debt we issued in March of this year. It is important to note that SBS Nordic's contribution to net income was not material in the quarter as the OIBDA generated was mostly offset by higher purchase accounting amortization associated with the acquisition. The SBS purchase price allocation to amortizable trade names, distribution contracts, broadcast licenses and other assets would result in additional amortization expense in 2013 of about $130 million, with a similar amount anticipated in 2014. Free cash flow increased 125% in the quarter to $311 million, as the improved operating performance and lower tax payments, primarily resulting from the extension of the accelerated content cost recovery under Section 181, were partially offset by higher content investment. As David highlighted, the increased programming spend continues to pay off in terms of ratings momentum and higher advertising revenue, as we still expect content spending growth to slow down considerably for the full year, excluding newly acquired businesses. While not part of our free cash flow, I do want to highlight that OWN was cash flow positive in the second quarter, well ahead of our previously anticipated time frame, and that the joint venture did begin to pay down its outstanding obligation to Discovery. Now turning to the operating units. The U.S. Networks continued to perform well during the second quarter, with total reported domestic revenues up 13%, including 17% affiliate revenue growth, due in part to $37 million of additional licensing revenue in the quarter. Much like when the Netflix agreement was originally executed in the third quarter of 2011, the current quarter includes a significant portion of the revenues from the third year of the agreement. Revenues recognized upon delivery of the content and titles already in Netflix's possession are now considered to be delivered for the third year. We anticipate additional revenue under this agreement in both the third and fourth quarters to deliver new titles under the agreement with full year total licensing revenue similar to 2012. Excluding the additional licensing revenue in the current quarter, total domestic revenue increased 8%, with distribution revenue of 5%, predominantly from higher rates and to a lesser extent, additional digital subscribers. The U.S. Networks ad sales team delivered another strong quarter of growth with advertising revenue up 10%, driven by higher delivery, most notably from Discovery Channel, Animal Planet and Destination America, as well as from higher pricing across all networks. The current market trends continue to be encouraging, with double-digit scatter pricing above the gains we garnered during last year's upfront negotiations. And given the ratings momentum across many of our networks, we anticipate low double-digit ad growth in the third quarter of this year. Turning to the cost side. Domestic operating expenses were up 17% from the second quarter of 2012, primarily due to higher content amortization associated with the increased cash spending on programming over the past 3 years, and additional marketing costs for series such as North America, Deadliest Catch and Skywire Live on Discovery, as well as Breaking Amish on TLC, and Call of the Wildman on Animal Planet. The current quarter also included $5 million of additional content costs associated with the digital licensing agreements. On a reported basis, domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 11% versus last year's second quarter. And excluding the impact of licensing agreements, adjusted OIBDA increased 3% year-on-year. Turning to our international operations. Current quarter results reflect the impact of the newly acquired businesses: SBS Nordic, Switchover Media and Fatafeat, a pay-TV channel in the Middle East. For comparability purposes, my following international comments will refer to the results, excluding these acquisitions. Our international segment continues to deliver strong momentum across our global operations this past quarter, with revenues expanding 13%, led by 20% ad and 12% inflated growth. Excluding the impact of exchange rates, total revenue growth was 14%, with advertising revenue increasing 21% and affiliate revenue up 14%. The advertising revenue growth was broad based, with double-digit growth across every region, led by Western Europe, mainly from the continued success of several of our free-to-air initiatives, particularly in Italy and Spain. On the affiliate front, the growth was driven by subscriber growth, especially in Latin America, from the continued growth in Brazil and Mexico, as well as by the consolidation of Discovery Japan. Operating costs internationally were up 16%, excluding the currency impact, primarily driven by consolidation of Discovery Japan, as well as by higher content amortization and increased personnel costs, as we continue to expand our global footprint. The international segment delivered 12% adjusted OIBDA growth in the second quarter, excluding foreign currency, as our international team continued to generate strong revenue increases, while thoughtfully investing in key long-term growth initiatives. Turning to the remainder of 2013. We're encouraged by the sustained momentum across our portfolio and the continued strong ad sales trends, both domestically and internationally. We're updating our revenue and adjusted OIBDA guidance to reflect the continued operating momentum across our businesses and the impact of the SBS transaction closing over 1 month later than originally planned, as well as the additional foreign currency headwinds. For the full year 2013, we now expect total revenues to be between $5.55 billion and $5.625 billion and adjusted OIBDA to be between $2.425 billion and $2.475 billion. Importantly and as anticipated, we are also adjusting our net income guidance to reflect the impact of the SBS purchase price allocation. As I mentioned earlier, we expect $130 million of purchase price amortization expense related to the acquisition in the current year. Our new net income guidance, including this amortization impact and an increase in stock compensation expense due to the appreciation in the stock price, is $1.1 billion to $1.15 billion for 2013. Turning now to our financial position. With a strong balance sheet and sustained financial and operating momentum, we continue to return capital to shareholders through execution of our share repurchase program. As we discussed, our first priority remains investing in our core businesses to drive sustained, long-term growth, be it through investment in existing networks and platforms or through exploring external initiatives. While that is our first priority, given the free cash flow we are generating, our gross leverage targets and the long-range free cash flow per share growth assumptions, we have the unique opportunity to continue returning capital to shareholders, as we also invest in our businesses. During the second quarter, Discovery repurchased over $520 million of stock, and we still anticipate returning similar amounts of capital to shareholders through buybacks in 2013, and we did in 2012. Since we began buying back shares towards the end of 2010, we have spent over $3.6 billion buying back shares, reducing the outstanding share count by over 81 million shares or 19%. Thanks, again, for your time this morning. And now David and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen from Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two questions, limit. The first question, I guess, is on international margins. They seem exceptionally strong, at least relative to our expectations despite the increased purchase price accounting and D&A. Could you just talk about the outlook for long-term margins? Is there still some upside there? And then I have a second question.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Jessica. First, sorry about the technical difficulty there. International is -- it's encouraging in that the strength continues. The markets really haven't rebounded in Western Europe, and yet we're still growing 20% there. If -- as we look at Latin America, subscriber growth is continuing. In Eastern Europe, we're seeing some strength, as well as in Asia. And so we found a way through the cost of content. We spent some more money in the last couple of years getting our sales teams in place and building some real infrastructure. And so now, we're -- of the incremental dollars we're seeing, a lot of that is coming to margin. Working against that is the SBS acquisition, which we've indicated to you is going to have -- will give us some margin pressure for another few quarters. But overall, if this kind of growth continues, you'll continue to see the margins grow. But they won't be as high as the U.S., where we can feed to 100 million homes much more efficiently. But Western Europe in the aggregate is as big or bigger than the U.S. alone, and so we see international as a big opportunity for us. And as I've said before, if we can grow like this, when 2/3 of the countries we're dealing with are flat or in recession, we're not -- our expectation is not that those countries are going to turn. But if they did turn, you would see even more aggressive growth, and therefore, more aggressive margin expansion.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then the second kind of question or topic is on advertising, which was solid, as you guys said, across the board, I mean, double digits U.S. and international. How do you think you've done competitively? How would you compare? And can you give us any more specific color on second half?
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well, first, the upfront, we head into the upfront, really, with some good ratings momentum. Our ratings were up in prime time about 6%. But more than that, we have brands that are really resonating with viewers. OWN now being the #1 or #2 or #3 for African-American women. We have Velocity really starting to build a viewership with men. Animal Planet was the #30 or #40 channel in America for many years. It's now a top 15 network. And so we have a lot of networks that are on the upswing. I think you'll see some additional growth because it's -- ideas in that category, Destination America. These are channels that over the next 3 years, even if viewership was flat, will get CPM growth because the viewership that we're delivering -- there's a catch-up. But we did well on the upfront. We saw a mid to high single-digit as well as volume increase. So I do think we're outperforming the market. Joe Abruzzese and his team are very strong. We did get volume and we did get a lot of new advertisers in a number of our -- the networks that we've launched over the last few years, which is -- whether it's 30 new advertisers in OWN, abroad, a slot of new advertisers in Velocity and Destination America, more in Science. And so it's not just the volume, it's the quality of advertisers. So domestically, we feel good. Internationally, last quarter, we were at 20. This quarter, we were at 21. The market is continuing, maybe even getting a little better outside the U.S. for us. And so on the advertising side, we feel good domestically and we feel maybe even a little bit better internationally.
Andrew C. Warren: And just to add, Jessica, to that for a second. For the third quarter, where our line of sight is obviously much, much better, we think we'll have low double-digit growth in the U.S. And for the fourth quarter, where today, cancellations and options are kind of at or below historical levels, we certainly have some good momentum there as well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: David, I sort of wanted to follow up on that -- at that question looking a little bit longer term. You're very confident about the sustainability of international growth. Given the growth is being driven by ID and TLC expansions in free-to-air stations and a few markets, as those growth drivers expire, what's waiting in the wings to sustain growth internationally?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Doug. Well, first, we have been very effective in getting ID and TLC rolled out around the world. That was an objective of ours 2.5 years ago. And today, TLC is the most distributed women's brand in the world, over 165 countries, and ID is in over 160. But they've lapped themselves. So the growth that we're seeing now on ID and TLC is real, and it's an indication that crime is really working around the world. And in many of these markets, there hasn't been a strong women's network. So in Italy, we have a top 5 network for women, including the broadcasters there, and that network has been around now for over 2.5 years and continues to grow aggressively. And when we look at all of our free-to-air channels, we've lapped all of them. And so what you're seeing now is really core to our strategy. Now, we're investing more money in content. And we're doing it with confidence because we have a lot of returning series, and we're investing in brands that we think are resonating here in the U.S. and around the world. And so we're growing market share here in the U.S., about 6%. Outside the U.S., we grew market share over 20%. And again, that was pretty pure, and we feel like there's some meaningful momentum that we have in terms of our channels growing. And ads in the U.S., a lot of these channels that are 2, 2.5, 3 years old, we'll get the same kind of advertising lift as we're getting more and more on the agenda of the advertising market makers. Because in each case, it takes a few years. First, you want to have them come into your channel and then you get to drive up over a period of years the true CPM you should be getting.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Very helpful. And then one for Andy. The PP&A adjustments that drove the higher D&A, are those items that ultimately will require cash in the future? Or are those essentially noncash items related to the step-up in some asset values that don't require future capital?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. No, they're all noncash and there's no future capital required.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So and that D&A adjustment that we saw in the third -- in the second quarter, that's a good base of D&A to use going forward?
Andrew C. Warren: It is. It includes, Doug -- we've finalized the purchase accounting adjustments for SBS. And so when you go through the allocation, the purchase price, you allocate that value to both hard assets, like content and cash receivables; goodwill; and then the intangibles. And so that's the piece that we get amortized over time is the intangibles around distribution contracts, trade contracts, et cetera, that's the piece that now we've finalized and that's the piece that has about $130 million of amortization impact this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger from Sanford C. Bernstein.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Moving around the world, let me be the guy who maybe checks off the questions on domestic affiliate fees. I think you described them as up about 5%, I guess, on a core basis, year-over-year for the quarter. I know you don't give guidance on a line-item basis, but is that sort of emblematic of what we should expect for the rest of this calendar year until your next round of distribution renewals come through? And remind us when those start. I think over the course of next year, you get another 20% or so, is that correct?
Andrew C. Warren: That's right, Todd. We said that the negotiation is staggered. So roughly 20% a year starting in 2012 through the remaining 5 years is when you kind of have these renewals. We do expect this year about 5% a quarter. Because again, last year, we only did 20%. This year, we'll do another 20%, and that's at year end. So we think staggering would create roughly a 5% for this year.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And just a quick follow-up for my second one on that. You mentioned in the press release a little bit about some distribution gains at your digital tier networks. Would love to hear whatever you'd be willing to provide on how much that contributes to the sort of 5% growth and how big a priority is that for you going forward. And should we expect maybe to see more of that roll through as part of your distribution expansion efforts?
David M. Zaslav: This quarter was quite small. But it's a freebie for us because with our 14 channels here in the U.S., we have deals that require the operators to launch all of our channels, non-analog channels, on digital when they distribute a digital box. We saw 2 or 3 years ago -- well, 4 years ago, when the economy was a little bit better that, that was -- there were significant growth. If the economy picks up, that will be a freebie, and we'll get some extra dollars because all of our channels get launched on digital when a new box rolls out. And for the rest of this year, you'll see some more Netflix come in. Netflix will be in the $75 million to $80 million, similar to what it was last year, only some of it came in so far. And last year, we did significantly less than 20%. So you're not seeing much of our new deal stuff, that will really kick in beginning next year. But yes, if, in fact, things picked up and there was more digital boxes deployed, that would be -- we'd be the immediate beneficiary of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bank from RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Quick question, David, I'm wondering what your discussions with Mr. Abruzzese have been around the announcement of the Publicis-Omnicom merger, and the potential for sort of more concentration in the media buying area, and how you think that might sort of impact business.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Well, look, I don't really think it's going to have an effect. We have a good relationship with both of those companies. Having them come together is probably a good thing for us. The focus is how strong are our brands and what kind of growth are we showing. 6.5 years ago, we were a little less than 4% of the viewership on cable. At this point now, we're more than 11%. And we have -- before, with the demographics that we were reaching, we're smaller. We have -- now, we have the #1 channel for Hispanic men with Discovery Español. We have a top -- we have 2 top networks for African-Americans, Oprah being at the very top and ID. The diversity of our audience is broader, and the reach of Discovery and TLC and Animal Planet are up. So I think as long as we continue to grow our audience, we're going to find that we're going to have a very receptive buyers, also because the marketplace is changing. The ability to reach a broad audience is more and more on cable. And so the 30% CPM differential -- 30%-plus that advertisers are paying for broadcast feels a little softer. And so it's one of the reasons why our volume picked up in the upfront. It's one of the reasons why we've been doing better in scatter, and I think if our market share continues to grow and the audiences that we can deliver, whether it be Wallenda, where we get 13 -- where we have the #1 cablecast of a show for last month, or whether it's Sunday night on TLC, we can deliver big numbers. The justification for the 30% to 35% discount to broadcast seems more challenged, and I think will attract more dollars.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I have one for David and a follow-up for Andy. David, could you talk about how the upfront results played out, particularly as it relates to some of your growing and more emerging digital networks, like ID, Velocity, Destination America? I would have assumed that given the growth there, you would have seen more of a shift out of what used to be DR into cash and that might have led to you selling more of your inventory across the portfolio in the upfront than you did last year. Wondered if you can comment on sort of the strategy and results there, if you could.
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Ben. We sold about 55%, so it's pretty close to what we did last year, maybe a little bit more. The overall strategy was to get better advertisers into those brands so that they could see the value of it. The good news for us on Destination America and ID is they skew very female and very strong on the DR during the day. The real gain for us with these brands that are growing aggressively is to get the CPM up. And so we're not so keen to increase volume. We're much more keen, over the long term, to increase price. As a backstop, we do pretty well with DR, but we've been able to get that price up and we still think it's going to take us 2 to 3 years, but we would give up and we have in the last 1.5 years the option of taking more money and we've leaned toward getting more price. In the long term, if -- ID is the #5 network in daytime and late night and it's the #9 network in America. There's very, very significant upside for us, if we can get the CPM to where it should be, much more so than taking 10% more dollars at a lower price. And so we feel good about the fact that we're very successful in getting more quality advertisers spending time with those brands, and we think that's going to help accelerate the strategy of ultimately higher pricing and much more economics in those channels over the next few years.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then, Andy, just 2 numbers or 2 lines on the financials I want to ask you about. One on the cash spending on programming, which I think was up 30% year-on-year. I didn't know if that was impacted by the acquisitions and sort of that's not a clean number or how we might want to think about that for the full year. And then on the affiliate revenue, is the slowdown from 6% to 5% from Q1 to Q2 x digital, is that just sort of noise? Or is anything you'd call out behind that deceleration?
Andrew C. Warren: Okay. Ben, on the first one, yes, that number is significantly impacted by the consolidation of predominantly SBS, but also Switchover Media. We do anticipate for the full year '13 our kind of apples-to-apples content spend to be up in the mid-single digits. So clearly, a lower run rate than we've had the last couple of years as the number of original hours and launching new channels is largely behind us. And so now we're at a different kind of run rate. So clearly, the SBS was a big impact there. On the 6% to 5% affiliate growth, it really is more of a one-off, onetime item there that drove that increase -- the decrease down to 5%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield from BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Couple questions. Investors are quite excited about the potential of consolidation in the cable sector, with John Malone kind of leading the charge very vocally. And their focus -- the investor focus is really on the significant programming cost synergies. The obvious implication for Discovery is that some of your deals could be reset lower. And I was just wondering how you think, as you go look out over the next couple of years, how you think about that risk of significant consolidation in the MVPD space. And then just a housekeeping question on your MVPD contracts, are you prevented from selling by your current deals to nonfacility-based players in the MVPD space like Intel?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Rich. First, our agreements are clean. We own all of our content, and we have a right to sell our content to anyone that we want to. I think that's probably, at least for the next few years and particularly now, there's probably never been a better time to be in the content business. That was an argument 4 or 5 years ago, in this tug-of-war between content and distribution, which one is going to be more successful. I think as you look at the dollars that have moved into content and the successful -- and the success that content players have had with distribution, I think you have to say that distribution has been a must-have. And so for us, at least, with Amazon and Netflix on the SVOD with TV Everywhere, which the cable guys want, along with the fact that this is a very competitive market, you have 2 satellite guys, 2 phone guys and a cable guy, I think if there is -- there very well may be consolidation, although there already has been, there may be more consolidation. But we think we'll be able to continue to get significant -- do very well and get significant increases. A big piece of it is, how are we doing? How are the channels doing? Are more people spending more time with your channels? And the people that have your channels, do they feel activated by it? Do they feel emotionally connected to the channels? And so that's the journey we've been on. We are up to 11% of viewership on cable from a little less than 4% several years ago. But more importantly, we have activated people that love science. Discovery is still the #1 most valued brand on cable, and that's from the cable operators survey this year themselves. And so with our brand stronger, our reach larger and the fact that there's a competitive market, I think you'll see us continuing to do better. Some of these additional sales of content are incremental to us and very high margin, if not dropping all to the bottom line because we own all of our content. And to the extent that there is an Intel or there is over-the-top players that end up coming into the space, we are platform agnostic. And if the business plan -- the business model works, it's just somebody else bidding up for the ability to offer our content to viewers, so that's a good thing.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And just a quick question for Andy. What is the total OWN liability currently before -- in terms of what's left after what was ever paid back this quarter?
Andrew C. Warren: $509 million.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Janedis from UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: David, there's been talk, broadly speaking, about a slowdown and maybe some issues in Latin America. Your comment suggests it's still pretty strong. At this point, are you concerned about the trajectory of pay-TV penetration and growth? And how does the ad environment look?
David M. Zaslav: It really depends by region. A lot of Western Europe looks a lot like the U.S. The U.K. looks a lot like the U.S. There's a lot of -- pretty flat. But then there are a number of markets like Russia where there's only 35% penetration, where there's very substantial growth and HD is first rolling out. There's an overall aggressive pitch to the C class in Latin America, which is providing -- still providing a lot of growth. Mexico is still only 42% penetrated, Brazil only 26% penetrated. In Asia, we're seeing a significant amount of growth in India. So it's a mixed bag. But in the aggregate, we grew our sub base, just the pure sub base, 12% from a year ago. And so we still see very significant growth. And in some countries, it feels a lot like the U.S. did 10 years ago, where we're seeing sub growth, advertising growth, CPM growth and viewership growth. And so those are the markets like Brazil, like Mexico, like Russia where you -- where it's very attractive.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So speaking of CPM, so I think we all tend to focus, as you know, on the gap between the U.S. broadcast and cable. You talked about the global ad opportunities. Can you talk about any CPM gap dynamic in Europe? And to what extent you're able to benefit, given the weak macro?
David M. Zaslav: It's massive. What you find in a lot of the markets is that there's 2 or 3 broadcast players that dominate the market. Now this isn't true of all, but in a number of markets. When you go to Europe, you hear power ratio everywhere you go. And you're looking at this formula of the value that you're getting. Here, we're discounted by 30% or 35%. There, we may be discounted by 70% or 75%. If you look at the overall -- one of the things that made SBS so attractive to us is that we had this huge power ratio deficit in all those markets by just being a cable player that had 5% share. So by doing that deal with SBS and emerging in Norway with 40% share or in Denmark with 36% share, we get the piggyback on their power ratio. So that's why we've formed the joint sales team there, which we're starting to do now. And our view is we can go out with all of our packages together. They're getting much more dollars for their cable networks, even ones that were getting lower ratings than ours. And so the package together gives us that lift. And as our market share grows, we continue to eat away at that power ratio issue. And finally, as cable becomes gestationally more attractive because the younger generation is spending more time watching cable versus broadcast, you see that phenomenon. It's slower, but you see what happened here in the U.S. That when you want to reach younger viewers in the 18 to 30 group throughout Europe, then cable becomes more attractive, and maybe you have a little bit more leverage to drive pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I hope you can hear me. Just one clarification, I wanted to make sure I understood. Will the amortization you spoke of go away next year and start to taper? Or is it a similar amount in '14 as it was in '13? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Andrew C. Warren: The amortization does taper off a little bit next year and in following years. But the amortization, that intangible for SBS, goes out several years. So it's about $40-plus million a quarter this year and a little over $30 million a quarter next year. So you do see a little bit of tapering, but it's still has a meaningful amount of amortization for the next several years.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then a question for David on SVOD -- or first off, I guess for Andy. Does your guidance imply or include the prospect for any new SVOD deals besides Netflix and Amazon for 2013? We assume it does not. And then for David on SVOD, just wondering if you could talk about the strategy or strategies of the players out there shifting around a little bit. For example, Netflix going to more exclusivity of shows. And as you look at that and as you look at potential new players in that space, how does that change how you think about SVOD and the distribution of your content in those windows?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. The SVOD number for this year does not include any new deals. It only is deals that have already been completed or extended.
David M. Zaslav: So if we did a deal, we wouldn't have [ph] done a deal yet with Hulu...
Andrew C. Warren: That would be all incremental.
David M. Zaslav: So Anthony, I think the -- from our perspective, there's pretty good alignment in how we run the cable business and then how we approach these different windows, which is the more quality shows we have with great characters, the better our storytelling, the more people are going to be spending more time with our channels, the more valuable we're going to be in the SVOD universe, in the TV Everywhere universe and in the long tail of our library. So the fact that Discovery now has a big hit in Naked and Afraid on Sunday night and a big hit with Fast N' Loud and Deadliest Catch last night did over a 2 2 and won the night, including beating the broadcasters in the male demo. All of that, I think, is good. On TLC with Honey Boo Boo and Long Island Medium and Breaking Amish or great shows on Oprah with Tyler having 2 big hits on Tuesday night, being a top 5 network for women with the Haves and Have Nots. All of that, I think, helps us when we sit down with cable operators and it helps us when we sit down with Reed or with Amazon and they say, "Okay, what do you got?" And so the more shows that we have that people are spending more time with, I think the better our hand. And we have more shows now that have a story arc, which I think helps us. To the extent that we're building shows like Gold Rush, Breaking Amish, those are shows that have a longer story arc and it's way too early to tell. But so far, we haven't seen any degradation in audience from content that we've given to the SVOD window. And we're starting to think that the story arc shows on that platform may actually help viewership of the new seasons when they come out. And so it is something that we think about that maybe these story arc shows can be creating more value for us. But I do think bigger hits that have more traction with viewers and bigger characters that the viewers love are important, and that's -- we're moving in that direction and having some success.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.
Caroline C. Anastasi - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Caroline Anastasi for Alexia. Can you just talk a bit more about the demand you saw on your upfront deals and whether certain categories stood out or whether strength was broad based? And secondly, can you give us a sense of how much of the domestic ad strength you're seeing this quarter reflects a bit of a catch-up from last year's Olympic comp?
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. The overall demand was broad based. I mean, there's particular success in financial, pharmaceutical, insurance had strength. But really the strength in the demand was broad based, which allowed us, as David said, to not only allocate dollars across the different platforms, but drive some good CPM growth. The next question was? What was your second question again?
Caroline C. Anastasi - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just how much of the domestic ad strength you're seeing this quarter reflects catch-up from last year's Olympic comp.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. It's a little bit of it. I mean, clearly, we're seeing some strong strength in scatter. It's still 20% above what we garnered in the upfront last year. And so while there's a little bit of an improvement based on the Olympics last year, this low double digits that we've highlighted for the third quarter is a little bit of that, but mostly just strong ratings, strong CPM and overall momentum of the overall sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alan Gould from Evercore Partners.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I've got 2 questions. First, David, with respect to that 30% to 35% cable-broadcast CPM differential, we've been hearing about this for years. What was that differential a few years ago? And what's going to make that change now -- what's going to make that start changing? And then secondly, following up on Rich's question. If there is consolidation in the domestic distribution companies, do your affiliate fees contractually drop to the lower rate immediately after those mergers are completed?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Alan. It was in the 40% to 42% range a few years ago. And so it's now in the 30% to 35% range. You're seeing more and more. I think Josh at AMC has done a great job. FX has done a great job. I think we've done a great job. Almost across the board, Turner, we're all finding major audiences, which chips away at that mindset that the way to reach a big audience is broadcast. So I think it's just going to take time. I think we make progress in every upfront. The fact that we can get mid to high single-digit CPM increase and drive -- and get more volume is, that's sort of a way of saying that we're chipping away at that. So I think it's going to take some time.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the consolidation question?
David M. Zaslav: It really depends. It depends on how the agreements are written. So sometimes on acquisition, they would pick up -- if the bigger guy has a lower rate, they'd pick it up. And sometimes, they don't, depending on how the agreement is written.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bernard Crocket, Lazard Capital Markets.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: It's Barton Crockett from Lazard. I was wondering about the margin trends. So in the U.S., organic EBITDA was up 3% on what was very healthy ad growth. Internationally, you had good double-digit growth, but your EBITDA grew a little bit less than that. Looking longer term in your business, what kind of revenue growth do you really need to get margin expansion? I mean, you'd think that these levels would get you there, but you didn't get there this quarter. So how should we think about this longer term?
David M. Zaslav: Well, first, strategically, we've been very clear. We were spending, 7 years ago, $500 million on content. This year, it's $1.5 billion. Our strategy is we're going to invest in content. We are very local outside the U.S. And we started out where we did, we had people selling our advertising. When that happens, you have to give them an agency fee, and you get packaged with a number of other programmers. And so our strategy, and you see that cost escalation, has been that we've been spending more money on content and we've been spending more money on getting boots on the ground. We're starting to see the real benefit of that in terms of getting better at selling advertising and being able to get the benefit of our -- the value. And on the content side, you're going to see that abate significantly, that additional investment. And part of that has to do with the fact that as we've talked about before, as you're building brands, you're trying a whole bunch of different shows, as you have more and more shows returning. That's true on Discovery. It's true on Animal Planet. It's true on TLC. It's true on ID. That the amount of new shows you have to try to get a show to be successful drops, and so we think we're going to be able to abate that, and therefore, start to -- having cost come down and margin start to grow. Andy?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. Barton, just to add 2 comments to that. The -- for the second quarter, we had this high amortization. And even though, as I said, the content spending growth for this year will be kind of mid-single digits, so you'll certainly see the amortization come down over time. And so most importantly, you'll see our incremental margin on profit growth and revenue growth in the future will be much higher. So we have a bit of this anomaly now of an amort catch-up based on productive and successful content spending the last couple of years. But as that content spending abates, and as I said, this year being mid-single digits, you'll see the expense come down, and therefore, we'll have a much higher uptick on the incremental margin for additional dollars, particularly internationally.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And then if I could ask one last question. The equity in JV, that number at minus $7 million in this quarter versus minus $6 million in the year ago, I would have thought that the improvements in OWN would have driven some improvement in that line year-over-year. But we didn't see it. I was wondering if you could explain what happened there. And also from an accounting perspective, I think you're -- we're accruing 100% of the OWN results for a while. That might change as they start to kind of -- recoup your losses in excess of your cost base. So how do we see the accounting changing there over the next few quarters?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. Well, look, most importantly for OWN, as we know, they did in the second quarter way ahead of schedule, actually have a net paydown of debt and positive cash flow. OWN has a similar situation we have, where there's a higher amount of amortization, and that impacts their net income line, which is what we pick up. So you'll definitely see a positive earnings out of OWN in the second half of this year. And so we'll have that positive equity pickup on our line, as well as continued paydown of debt in the second half as well. So the OWN story continues to evolve, and we definitely see a positive momentum and more importantly, some big second half numbers.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, everybody, for joining us today, and please give us a call with any follow-up questions in the office. We appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Craig Felenstein for closing remarks. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein David M. Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2013 Discovery Communications, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Allison, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Craig Felenstein, Executive Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Craig Felenstein: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications' 2013 First Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy, after which, we will open the call up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2012 and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav: Thank you, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Discovery is off to another great start in 2013, building on the sustained operating momentum we generated across our balanced portfolio throughout 2012. Our unwavering belief that investing in high-quality content with real stakes, superior storytelling and compelling characters is paramount to long-term value creation continues to pay off. The larger audiences we are delivering around the world are translating into significant advertising gains, while at the same time, the appeal of our content is providing additional opportunities to capitalize on our diverse distribution platform and the further evolution of the global pay television market. As we focus on capturing market share and maximizing the full organic growth potential inherent in our asset portfolio, we're also beginning to dig into the operations of our recent acquisitions, so we can create additional value and further strengthen our long-term sustainable growth profile. With our strong market share growth and the recent acquisitions, we now reach more than 2 billion subscribers, up from 1.8 billion last year. Before I turn the call over to Andy, so he can take you through our financial results, let me take a few minutes to discuss a few of the initiatives driving our strong organic growth, as well as some of the opportunities we expect to focus on as we integrate our newly acquired businesses. I mentioned on our year-end call that we have delivered 4 consecutive years of viewership growth across our domestic portfolio, and that momentum has certainly continued into 2013 as we delivered the best first quarter in the company's history. Viewership across our U.S. Networks was up 3% this past quarter among key adult 25 to 54 demo, led by the growth at our flagship network, the Discovery Channel. Discovery built upon its record fourth quarter with 10% growth in Q1, led by Gold Rush, Bering Sea Gold and Yukon Men, all of which contributed to Discovery's #1 ranking on Friday nights in the quarter, outpacing even the broadcast networks. Several of our other networks also delivered meaningful growth this past quarter, including Animal Planet, which increased its audience another 6%, building upon the 17% growth it generated in 2012 and making it a top 20 network for men in the U.S. In fact, Animal Planet has now delivered 16 consecutive months of growth. Among its key demo and with returning hits like River Monsters capturing more viewers than it did a year ago, the network is poised for continued success. Two of our recently re-branded networks are also continuing to show real audience gains. Destination America is quickly becoming a lifestyle destination for viewers, with double-digit growth this past quarter, following its 35% growth in 2012. And Velocity, while in only 45 million homes, grew its viewership by over 50% year-on-year, delivering a highly coveted upscale audience to our advertisers. Driving the potential of our valuable distribution real estate by investing in new brands and breaking new ground that ignites viewers' curiosity remains a priority, and we will continue to invest incrementally in these new networks if they demonstrate the ability to attract larger audiences and deliver real value to our advertisers. Similarly, our domestic joint ventures are also continuing to develop their audiences. The Hub was up over 50% this past quarter among kids 2 to 11 for total day. Separately, OWN viewership was up 3% in its key women 25 to 54 demo despite the difficult comparisons to a year ago, which included the highest viewed program in the network's history, Oprah's interview with Whitney Houston's daughter. OWN's viewership momentum ratcheted up again in April as viewership grew 9%, led by returning favorite, Iyanla: Fix My Life, and new hits such us Life with La Toya and Raising Whitley. In fact, these 3 series helped propel OWN to a top 10 ranking among all cable networks for the month on Saturday nights in its key women 25 to 54 demo, and #1 in African-American women, including the broadcasters. And that is without Oprah on Saturday. It's a great achievement. Looking forward, OWN has a great slate of new content scheduled for the remainder of the year, including 2 new series from our partner, Tyler Perry, set to launch at the end of May, and they both look strong. Tyler has been working very hard down in Atlanta to bring us 2 great new series. We are very confident we will reach our previously stated goal of cash flow breakeven during the second half of this year. The ratings momentum we are generating across our portfolio and the sustained health of the ad market have not only give us a terrific start to 2013, but it also puts us in a great position heading into what we hope will be a robust upfront. We recently completed our upfront presentations to advertisers. And while it is too early to predict where we ultimately will end up, with strong scatter volumes, scatter pricing well above last year's upfront, sustained ratings momentum across our networks, from what I think is unquestionably the best ad sales team in the business, we expect to see significant increases in this year's upfront. The market share and sustained financial growth we are seeing domestically is playing out even more dramatically internationally, where we have made targeted content investments to capitalize on our unparalleled distribution platform and the further penetration of pay television. We are certainly benefiting from our expanding subscriber base, with overall subs up 12% versus a year ago, led by Latin America as well as India and Russia. But we are also driving viewership with a more robust content offering due to the global investment we have made over the last several years. We've worked hard to capitalize on opportunities that our broad distribution provides, whether it is expanding the reach of our female flagship, TLC, now in 160 countries, including the U.K. as of April 30, and 300 million homes, making TLC the most distributed women's TV brand in the world; or capitalizing on the global demand for investigative and forensic content by broadening ID's reach to over 150 countries in just the last 12 months; or by recognizing the opportunity for kids programming across Asia and leveraging our top-rated channel in Brazil, Discovery Kids. The combination of a stronger programming portfolio, along with double-digit subscriber growth, resulted in overall viewership growth of 16% across our international portfolio. And this expansion is not confined to one geographic area. We generated double-digit increases across nearly every region, led by Italy and Spain in Western Europe, Mexico and Brazil in Latin America, and Russia and South Africa in our CEEMEA region. The success we have had in growing our audiences speaks to the local market experience we have gained from operating in many of these markets for nearly 25 years. And we are now utilizing that knowledge base to help drive real synergies from our recent transactions. Having launched our first international network in the Nordic region over 2 decades ago, we have deep-rooted experience in these countries. Aside from having built a broad distribution base, we have fostered brand loyalty and developed the critical relationships that come from working in local markets for many, many years. The networks we acquired from SBS are also extremely well positioned and provide an excellent complement to our nonfiction channels in terms of genre appeal and demographic reach. Combined, the newly created SBS Discovery Media business in the Nordics has significant market power. The acquisition closed last month, and I was in Norway, Denmark, Sweden and Finland last week. And we are already exploring ways to expand our content portfolio and take significant advantage of the attractive consumer demographics these networks deliver. On the revenue side, we have met with advertisers throughout the region, and it is readily apparent that the depth and quality of our content portfolio will enable us to drive ad revenues across these platforms over time. And on the core side, we are already seeing the benefit of promoting Discovery's wide range of programming across the reach of our newly acquired content assets. We have also begun to deliver on the opportunities associated with owning a 20% interest in Eurosport Group, including the creation of a joint affiliate sales organization to capitalize on the local distribution relationships Discovery has established over the last 20 years. Similarly, in a number of markets, we are starting to explore how Discovery's local ad sales knowledge can provide a rich complement to Eurosport's almost solely pan-European sales capability. The good news is, we are just beginning to scratch the surface of the benefits associated with these new assets. And we're confident that we will further strengthen the tremendous platform Discovery has built over the last 2 decades. It's important to note that our international organic growth story remains totally intact. And these transactions further bolster our long-term outlook by deepening our geographic footprint, broadening our portfolio with new networks and brands and enhancing our creative pipeline with new talent, personalities and formats. Overall, Discovery is off to another strong start in 2013. And given the market share we are capturing worldwide, the organic growth opportunities across our global distribution platform and the synergies we expect to exploit due to our recent acquisitions, we fully expect to build on our momentum for the foreseeable future. And now, let me turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew C. Warren: Thanks, David, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As David mentioned, Discovery is off to a great start to the year, building upon the strong results we delivered throughout 2012 as we leverage both the large audiences that we're generating around the globe, as well as our increasing international subscriber base. On a reported basis, total company revenue in the first quarter increased 7%, led by 17% international growth and 1% domestic growth. Note that domestically, the prior year included $45 million of additional licensing revenue primarily related to our licensing deal with Amazon. Excluding licensing revenue and the impact of foreign currency, the total company revenue growth was 12%, with double-digit gains in both advertising and affiliate revenue. Total operating expenses on a reported basis increased 14%, primarily due to higher content amortization that we have previously discussed. The current quarter also included a onetime compensation expense, as well as additional duty-related costs associated with our acquisition of the SBS Nordic business. Eliminating $8 million of licensing costs in the prior year and the impact from foreign currency movements, total company expenses increased 13% versus the first quarter last year. Importantly, given the higher content amortization and the timing of anticipated marketing spend, it is expected that operating expense growth excluding the impact of wholly-owned acquisitions will remain in the mid-teen range for the next 2 quarters before meaningfully abating in Q4. On a reported basis, adjusted OIBDA in the first quarter declined slightly. But excluding the licensing agreements and the impact of foreign exchange, Discovery's continued ability to generate revenue growth in excess of expenses translated into an 8% increase in adjusted OIBDA for the quarter. Net income from continuing operations increased to $231 million in the first quarter, driven by the strong operating performance, as well as the $92 million gain associated with raising our ownership interest in Discovery Japan to 80%. The quarter also included $46 million of higher equity earnings, primarily due to significantly improved results at OWN. These items were partially offset by $59 million of losses associated with foreign exchange contracts implemented to hedge the purchase of SBS Nordic, $21 million of higher mark-to-market equity-based compensation due to the increase in the stock price and $26 million of higher tax expense. As I mentioned last quarter, we are in the process of restructuring our international operations to ultimately lower our effective tax rate over time. But the current year, we still anticipate an ETR of around 38%. Free cash flow decreased to $105 million in the first quarter, primarily due to higher content investment, as well as increased equity compensation payments and the timing of cash taxes. The programming spend continues to pay off in terms of ratings momentum and higher advertising revenue, but we still anticipate content spend growth to slow down considerably for the full year, which should contribute to significant free cash flow growth for 2013. Turning now to the operating units. The U.S. Networks continued to perform well during the first quarter. On a reported basis, total domestic revenue increased only 1%, as 8% advertising revenue growth from viewership gains across our portfolio and a favorable ad sales pricing and demand environment were partially offset by 9% lower affiliate revenue due to the additional $45 million of licensing revenue in last year's first quarter that I spoke about earlier. Excluding licensing revenue, total domestic revenue improved 8% versus a year ago, with affiliate revenue increasing 6% due to higher rates and to a lesser extent, additional digital subscribers. It is important to note, though our licensing revenues were down in the first quarter, we do anticipate a meaningful increase in either the second or third quarters due to the third year of the Netflix agreement. Current ad market trends continue to be encouraging, with double-digit scatter pricing, above the gains that we garnered during last year's upfront negotiations. We have some nice ratings momentum across many of our networks. With the healthy macro environment continuing, we anticipate continued high single-digit ad growth in the second quarter of 2013. Turning to the cost side. Domestic operating expenses were up 8% from the first quarter 2012, which included $8 million of additional costs associated with digital licensing agreements. Excluding these costs, operating expenses increased 11% compared to a year ago, primarily due to the expected higher content amortization associated with the increased programming cash spend over the past 2 years. On a reported basis, domestic adjusted OIBDA declined 5% versus last year's first quarter. But excluding the impact of licensing agreements, adjusted OIBDA increased 6% year-on-year. Turning now to our international operations. We continue to deliver strong momentum across our global operations, with reported revenues expanding 17%, led by 23% ad and 15% affiliate growth. Excluding the impact of exchange rates as well as additional advertising sales from the acquisitions of wholly-owned businesses, total revenue growth was 16%, with advertising and affiliate revenues increasing 17% and 15%, respectively. The advertising revenue growth was broad-based, with double-digit growth across nearly every region, led by Western Europe, mainly from the continued success of several of our free-to-air initiatives, particularly in Italy and Spain. On the affiliate front, the revenue increase was driven by subscriber growth, especially in Latin America, from the continued growth in Brazil and Mexico, as well as from the consolidation of Discovery Japan. Operating costs internationally were up 24% on a reported basis. Excluding costs in the acquisitions of wholly-owned businesses and the impact of foreign exchange, operating expense growth was up 17%, primarily driven by the anticipated increase in content amortization, as well as from the consolidation of Discovery Japan. Our international segment delivered 13% adjusted OIBDA growth in the first quarter excluding foreign currency and the impact of acquiring wholly-owned businesses, as our international team continued to generate strong revenue increases while thoughtfully investing in key growth initiatives. Before we look forward to the remainder of 2013, I do want to mention that the first quarter also included a couple onetime corporate costs related to compensation and the SBS transaction, which we closed at the beginning of April this year. Turning to the full year, we are encouraged by the sustained momentum across the portfolio and the continued strong ad sales pricing and demand environment in many of our key markets. As a result, we were leaving our guidance unchanged despite the SBS transaction closing over 1 month later than originally planned. For the full year 2013, we still expect total revenues to be between $5.575 billion and $5.7 billion, adjusted OIBDA between $2.425 billion and $2.525 billion and an income between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion. Given the delayed timing of the SBS close, it is now less likely that we will be towards the top end of these ranges, but given the momentum across our businesses, these ranges remain possible outcomes. We do anticipate narrowing these guidance ranges on our second quarter earnings call. Turning to our financial position. With a strong balance sheet and continued financial and operating momentum, we remain committed to further building our core businesses so that we can drive additional long-term growth and enhance shareholder returns, be it through investing in existing networks and platforms or through exploring external initiatives. While that is our first priority, given the strong free cash flow that we are generating, our gross leverage targets and our long-range free cash flow per share growth assumptions, we have the unique opportunity to both continue returning capital to shareholders and also investing in our businesses. As previously discussed, given the capital needs associated with the timing and closing of the SBS transaction, we did not begin buying back shares this year until the second quarter. But we still anticipate returning similar amounts of capital to shareholders through buybacks in 2013 that we did in 2012. Our buyback activity during the second quarter includes $256 million of preferred stock associated with the advanced Newhouse transaction that we announced last quarter, which is part of the total anticipated share repurchases this year but was not done under the existing $4 billion authorized share repurchase plan. Since we began buying back shares towards the end of 2010, we have spent over $3 billion buying back shares, reducing the outstanding share count by over 78 million shares or 18%. Thanks again for your time this morning. Now David and I will be happy to answer any questions that you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of David Bank of RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions, I guess the first is under the category of no good deed goes unpunished. 8% ad revenue growth is obviously really strong, but when you think about the pricing you achieved in the upfront, the pricing in the scatter market, the ratings momentum you've achieved, I'm kind of curious, like, what are the other factors that are sort of arguably maybe holding back that ad revenue from being a little bit stronger given all those factors? And the second question is, I guess more for Andy, can you just clarify the impact of the Japan consolidation on both the revenue and expenses in the international division?
David M. Zaslav: Great. Thanks, David. Well, we delivered a little over 8% this quarter, which we felt very good about. We had market share growth of 3%. The market was strong, it was up about 20% from the upfront. But we also began seeding a number of our new networks with advertisers, and we still have a ways to go in terms of bringing up the CPM on some channels like Animal Planet, that's now a top 20 channel for men; ID, that's the #9 channel in America and continues to grow. So it's going to -- we'll continue to get some additional growth out of that. This quarter continues to look strong, maybe even a little bit stronger than last quarter in terms of pricing. So if we continue to grow our market share, I think you'll see us in the high single, low double in domestic.
Andrew C. Warren: Okay. And David, just to add to that, just remember, last year, U.S. ad sales was up 13%. So on a 2-year basis, it's tremendous year-over-year growth. And to answer your question about Japan, we're not actually separating or splitting it out separately or quantifying it because it is a business we were in before with 50% investment, and we only increased that to 80%. So on a very bottom line basis, it's a fairly de minimis impact. But broadly speaking, as far as the impact on revenue and expenses, for the whole company, it's less than 1 point. So I'd just give you a sense of its size, it's relatively insignificant on a total company basis.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you wouldn't say it really impacted international operations then, is that...
Andrew C. Warren: Well, it is consolidated within those numbers, but the impact is fairly small. As I said, it's really less than 1 point for the total company on both revenue, expense and profit.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger of Sanford Bernstein.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: If I could follow up just a little bit back to domestic ad growth. I know you don't -- and I'm not expecting that you would disclose anything sort of at a network level, but I wondered if you just would share any comments about sort of the difference between what I'd call the flagship networks versus your digital tier networks. A lot of the ratings growth, as you pointed out, is coming from the digital tier networks. We know they have lower CPMs. I just wonder, when you think about the whole growth of 8%, would you be willing to characterize sort of was the mid-tier networks growing sort of faster than that and the flagship networks growing slower, or any way you can help us decompose how we think about the growth rates of those different life cycles of networks?
David M. Zaslav: Sure, thanks, Todd. First, Discovery had a good quarter. It was up about 10%, which was very strong, with a lot of new series. And Discovery's mostly male, and we were able to take advantage of that. TLC was down about 1% or essentially flat. The industry itself was down 2%, so TLC did a little bit better than the industry, but we had less premieres in the first quarter. We're coming back with Long Island Medium, we're coming back with Breaking Amish in the summer, Honey Boo Boo will come in. So I think that we expect that we'll see a little bit more momentum on the women's side with TLC. I think that would have helped us. The broadcasters were down significantly in prime and in daytime, and that put a little bit of a squeeze on the women's side. And so we were able to take advantage of that with TLC, but not as much as we would have liked to, and we're hoping to in this next quarter. ID continued to grow because of that. And when you say digital networks, we have TLC and Discovery that are fully distributed. But we also have Animal Planet that's fully distributed. And Animal Planet now is a top 20 network. It's going to take us some time in order to get our CPM up, but we're getting double growth there. It's growing significantly, but also our CPM is growing. So that is a fully distributed network. And when you say digital, we now have ID in over 80 million homes. So 80 million homes, the #9 network in America, #6 network in daytime, #5 in late night, yet we're still not getting the full premium for that. So those would be what I would call kind of our big networks, with Animal Planet and ID providing some meaningful growth no matter what over the next couple of years. And then the smaller networks, one -- we call them emerging because they're continuing to be very fast-growing, but Destination America, Velocity, those do have lower CPMs. And when I said we're seeding, we're trying to get advertisers into them, so they could feel the value of being on those platforms. They could see that we can put up some very strong ratings when we have original content. And once we get them hooked into those channels, we'll be able to drive the CPM on that. So I can't really break it out except to say that I think if we can drive a little bit more of our female demo in the next 6 months, given where a lot of the viewership and advertisers are looking for female, we could maybe over-index more.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: That's very helpful. A quick follow-up, if you don't mind. Back to the -- on the emerging networks, in terms of distribution growth, and there's been a lot of focus on affiliate fees and reset of your negotiations, all that, what is the opportunity there? You've got ratings up strongly at a lot of these emerging networks. You've invested a lot to re-brand a few of them. How real is the opportunity to grow the distribution further, some of those that are in 40 million, 50 million, 60 million homes?
David M. Zaslav: Well, we redid only a few of our deals this year. We've talked about the fact that they feather in over the next 5 years. This year was less than 20%, a little bit more than 10%. So it was a lesser percentage, but we were able to get higher increases in those deals. We were able to get more distribution for Science, more distribution for Destination America, more distribution for Military. So when we can pick up higher fees and get more distribution, that's a formula that works very well for us because we get the guaranteed revenue on that extra distribution. But also, we had 2 of the -- 3 of the fastest-growing cable networks in America over the last 3 years has been ID, which has gone from 50 to over 80; Science, which went from 45 to over 72; and Velocity continues to grow aggressively. So if we can get the per sub fees on that, then not only do we get the guaranteed economics, we get the asset value and the ability to get advertising. So we will be looking for that in addition to the very simple what is our actual CAGR on our total sub fee base.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson of Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was trying to get to that CAGR on your total sub base. So I wanted to make sure I had the math correct around the domestic affiliate renewals. In the fourth quarter, you had $288 million of domestic affiliate revenue and in the first quarter, you had $308 million, so that's $20 million of growth in 1Q versus 4Q, so that's 6.9%. And in theory, your sub base is, between the 2 quarters, should have been relatively similar and that should have been mostly price. So am I thinking about that right? Did your renewals drive that kind of price acceleration, or is there something unusual on either one of those quarters that hampers the comparison?
David M. Zaslav: Well, our renewals, as I've said, it's -- we did very well. But in terms of the percentage, it would bring it up. It wouldn't bring it up dramatically because in terms of the scale of deals that we did, the number of subs that were under it were not that significant. There would also be in there, Doug, some additional digital. We have deals where every time a digital box is deployed, every operator has to carry every one of our channels and has to pay us on those channels, but that's been true every quarter. And we -- to your point, we really haven't seen any better sub growth this quarter than we've seen last. In fact, it's pretty flat. So kind of agree with you.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then on the -- there's a little bit of a lag, right, when you cut a new deal with your distributors and you improve the distribution of some of your digital channels by moving them to more broadly distributed tiers. And maybe the Nielsen data lags, but we sort of show some of that take up happening in April versus the year-end deal timing. Is that right or is the Nielsen data just lag in the take up to immediate?
David M. Zaslav: I think there's a little lag, but the deals don't necessarily mean that we closed the deal at the end of December and they have to launch January 1. In fact, they can't. There's a 60-day requirement. That's pretty standard under the franchise rules where they have to notify customers of what's coming. So the actual launch of more subscribers for our channels would have happened, at the very earliest, 60 days afterward. And sometimes it's really just a commitment to launch the channels during the year for a longer -- when deals are 4 or 5 years long. So that -- you'll see it coming in.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So there could be a little bit of tail to it, because I know relative to international growth you're seeing, we're sort of parsing basis points, but we're still curious.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just have one sort of housekeeping for Andy, then a question for David. Andy, the net income guidance, that includes all of the below-the-line stuff this quarter, all the good and the bad guys, right?
Andrew C. Warren: Correct.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. David, just picking up on this advertising theme, you've been in the broadcast replacement game for a long time, taking share from the networks. And I'd imagine you think that there's a lot left to do there. So I'd be curious on that first topic. But then when you think about online video, do you see any analogy in online video, whether it's YouTube or some of the assets you've acquired, and television to what the cable business was facing 20 years ago looking at broadcast? How real of a threat or an opportunity do you view online video as an advertising business over the next, say, 3 to 5 years?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. Okay, on the CPM, the CPM differential between broadcast and cable remains a little over 30%. And that's really good news for us. In the U.S. market, where subscribers are flat and viewership on cable is flat, that provides real wind at our back, and that applies to all of us, and particularly, if we can grow market share and continue to push on CPM. And the story on compressing that CPM, I think, is getting stronger, because the amount of rate -- the rating points that we're able to deliver, not just us, like on a Friday night where we're the #1 network, beating the broadcasters, on OWN when Oprah can put on content, and she's the #1 network for African-American women, beating all the broadcasters, those stories are -- we have a huge number of those stories where 5 or 6 years ago that didn't exist. The scale of viewership on cable is higher. The demo of viewership on cable is stronger. And so I think it's going to take time, probably 3 or 4 years. It'll never be even, but we'll get that pick up and that, I think, will continue to be a benefit for the U.S. business. On the online side, the CPMs that we're getting on stream video, on the Web, are quite high. And we've actually been shifting aggressively away from the page view and the unique approach that many of us in this business took. So we had aggregated over 60 million uniques with a gazillion page views, but with Google and Facebook out there, it kind of really commoditized in some ways the ability to sell on those pages. And we still do it, but the prices are not rising. If anything, they're going down. And so we have really pivoted aggressively towards streaming. We bought a company called Revision3. It's the #1 nonfiction streaming company in the world. They were doing about 150 million streams a month when we bought them. They're now 300 million streams. JB Perrette, who runs our business, has been pushing our streaming business across every one of our brands. We launched 12 live streaming channels of live puppy cams and young animals across -- on Animal Planet about 6 weeks ago, and they're doing very well. And so our #1 focus in terms of the digital business right now is on the streaming side because the CPMs are quite strong. Having said that, it's not clear where it's going to go. So we're playing in this space. We want to learn everything about it. We want to continue to look at consumer behavior. But it's confusing right now. People are still watching more TV than they ever have. We're able to grow market share in the U.S. pretty significantly over the last couple of years, including this past quarter where we're up 3%. Last year, where we were up 8%. Outside the U.S., we're growing market share dramatically. And so we're really playing both ends. Let's do a great job at telling stories and building characters and building our brands, and let's assume nothing is going on. And then let's have an aggressive team, taking our content and our characters on the Web and also through Rev3, doing content a different way, and I think it's going to be a couple of years before we really see what happens.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson of Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have one for David and one for Andy. David, let me ask a question. When you look at what Netflix is done with their agreement with A&E, kind of they couldn't come to an agreement with A&E a little while ago. And Viacom, they kind of changed their mind and tried to buy shows rather than an output deal. I wonder how are you thinking about your relationship with Netflix and how should we think about what's going to happen when it expires? So just your view on that.
David M. Zaslav: Okay, thanks, Michael. When you step back, and I've said this before, but as we look at all the people that are knocking on our door now for content, for the next couple of years, I think there's never been a better time to be in this business than right now. We own all of our content, which makes us somewhat unique. Our content works around the world, which makes us unique. And there's more people that want it for more windows. So in the window you're talking about, we got Amazon and we got Netflix, we're stronger now I think because 5 years ago, we had 4% of the viewership on cable, today, we have 10%. We have brands that are stronger. We have a lot of good content. We're going to take our third year option on Netflix because we've seen no degradation in audience. And that's, I think, significant incremental margin for us with Amazon and with Netflix because they're buying content that's mostly 18 months and older, some of it, 2, 3, 4 years old. Our relationship is good. They like our content. We like this window. Our deal doesn't come up for almost another 1.5 years. When it does come up with Amazon and with Netflix, we think we'll do well as long as we have a lot of really good content that people like. And we also have a big bulk of it. In the end, they still need to nourish people. The idea that Rita said to me a number of times is, they don't have everything, but when people go there, they'll find something good. And we have a lot of good stuff, so I think we'll do well, Michael. In addition, we now have a lot of the cable operators here in the U.S. And BSkyB just launched their SVOD platform, and that's good for us. So you have LOVEFiLM, you have Netflix, and now you have Jeremy Darroch launching his own SVOD platform in the U.K. There's a good chance that's going to happen here. We're talking with a lot of operators, so that's a positive. And then we have TV Everywhere, which is a tighter window, which we haven't done deals yet, but we think we can get significant incremental value for that.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And let me turn to Andy for 1 second. You mentioned success in Spain and Italy on the broadcast side, which is pretty amazing given how tough those markets are going on in broadcast advertising. So could you talk a little bit about what's the sales pitch, how you gained those dollars? Is it pricing-led strategy, is it just a low base you're growing from? So anything more on Spain and Italy will be helpful.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Well, our model when we say free-to-air is really different than a traditional broadcast model because we own all of our content. When we went into Spain, our cost of content is almost 0. We have the content. We have it in language. So we essentially buy a stick and we can put programming on there, and we're able to gain market share. In Italy -- and by the way, Michael, we've now reached a point where we've lapped almost all of our free-to-air channels, so the growth that you're seeing is pretty pure. In addition, in Italy, we're just finding that our content is working fantastic. And the experience we're having there, that's the reason that we went into Spain, where it's very strong. It's the reason that we're finding additional growth in Germany. This model of taking male content and putting it on a male channel, taking female content and putting it on a female channel, and the amount of content that we have to put into those 2 baskets. In Italy, our market share was up 70% on -- with our 2 channels, and that's without Switchover. And with Switchover now, we're the #3 player in Italy, so -- second only to RAI and Mediaset. So we're also getting scale, which will help us with our pricing.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a couple of questions on the international side. First, on the businesses outside the U.S., what is your channel share versus the audience share? Is there a way for us to think about how your current portfolio is positioned, whether you're over-indexed or under-indexed? And how much room is there to add channels? So that's the first question.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Well, first, I think that we're sort of -- we're in the beginning stages of trying to take advantage of the fact that we have between 6 and 14 channels in 220 countries. So we're clearly the #1 platform media company in the world. And our challenge, domestically and internationally, was to take advantage of that. We've done a good job here in the U.S., but we have a long way to go. I think you'll see a lot of growth from us here in the U.S. because we still -- we have 14 channels and we only have about 10% share. Outside the U.S., the story is even stronger. We were able to light up TLC around the world, reaching over 300 million homes in 1.5 years. And the growth that we're seeing on TLC around the world continues to be significant. ID, we're rolling out. So we're beginning to take advantage of our channels, Jessica. And I think you're going to see meaningful market share growth. We had 25% market share growth in the fourth quarter. We had 16% market share growth in the first quarter. But I guess to step back, when I look at our international business, it's probably the biggest growth engine and the most compelling story that we have. And right now, we're hitting on all cylinders in a real sustainable fashion. So looking at this past quarter, subs were up 12%; market share, up 16%; ad sales, up 25%; and affiliate revenue, up 15%. So those -- you got all those arrows up. At the same time, when you look at the 220 countries that we're serving locally, more than 2/3 of those countries are either in recession or flat. And on top of that, we have invested in TLC, ID, taking Kids into Asia, launching new broadcast channels. And when you digest all that investment and the fact that more than 2/3 of the countries are in recession, we're showing 17% growth and 25% advertising growth, and we're growing share. And so what's most striking to me is we have a sustainable model where we can grow between 15% and 20% in -- when we're dealing in markets that are mostly flat or down. And that's the market condition we're expecting. And with our local teams, one of the things that you've seen is the cost increase. It's because we're putting -- we put local ad sales teams into Colombia, we put a local ad sales team into Italy, that's more investment that we think will pay off with more sustainable growth. The kicker here is, if over the next couple of years things stay exactly the way they are or even if they get a little worse, we think we could show double-digit or certainly sustainable growth the way that you've seen the last 2 quarters for us. The wildcard is, which we're not expecting, is if the marketplace turns, if Western Europe starts to pick up, if a lot of these countries that are flat or in recession turn, and we had been growing 15%, 17%, 18%, that's going to be the real fuel for extraordinary growth for us because we're gaining market share, we got more channels, we got local teams on the ground, and we're growing aggressively in markets that are not good. So to me, that is really -- that's our game.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then I actually have a follow-up to one of your comments, David, on SBS. Can you give us any more color on costs and revenue synergies? Where do you think these margins for the SBS properties can go over time relative to your core international businesses?
David M. Zaslav: Well, specifically, we certainly have cost synergy because we've been in business there for 20 years. We were over there last week. We have different sets of offices. We have -- we're looking at people, we're looking at deliveries, so there will be some meaningful cost synergy. But also, we now have over 40% market share in Norway, with significant broadcast asset, cable assets. So the power ratio of SBS in terms of advertising was a lot higher than our power ratio. So there'll be some revenue synergy in terms of advertising. And we expect that when we go to market together, that there should be real opportunity on the affiliate side. And we're already seeing that there may -- that there's going to be, in addition to that, when you take Eurosport and you lay Eurosport on top of our opportunity universe in those 4 markets, we even have more, whether it's how we sell, whether it's how we bid on content. So we feel like there will be a step back in margins this year as we digest this. But we're very happy with what we saw. It's a great management team. The business is performing very well. It didn't close as quickly as we would have liked, but we're off and running and we're running hard.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, and just to add to that, Jessica. Even though we only closed SBS 1 month ago and Eurosport now 4 months ago, in both cases in the early stages here, we're very happy with what we see the opportunities for, both revenue and cost synergies. I mean, both are at least at or above our deal expectations. So the early signs are very positive.
Operator: And your next question comes from Richard Greenfield of BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: I really wanted to follow up on Jessica's question in terms of kind of not specifically SBS margins, but just the overall international margin. I mean, you were at 45% last year, and if it wasn't for Discovery Japan, I assume you would've been down in the 40% range versus the 41% you reported. Just trying to understand as you look out over the next, call it, several years, if you took a 3- to 4-year view, that 40-ish percent margin is 1,500 basis points behind where your U.S. margin is currently. How do you think about where international margins should be as you get to the scale that you're going to have following this acquisition? I mean, is this 40% to 50% over a 4- or 5-year time frame? Like how do you think about the overall opportunity relative to where your U.S. business runs?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Richard, it's Andy. It's a good question. The -- we knew going into this year that SBS, and we stated this, would be about a 500-basis-point dilution to the overall international margin, that plus the content amortization catch up as well. But now that we have a new baseline that we're going to work off of, given the conversation around synergies, given the conversation around infrastructures largely in place international. As David mentioned, we have feet on the ground now in over 50 countries, adding to the sales teams in Colombia and Italy, et cetera. So we now think we can get a lot higher percent of profit flow-through for every incremental dollar, especially as the percent of ad sales becomes higher and higher. So we feel very confident that from this now lower base we've established with the content amort and with SBS, we can meaningful grow margin in 2014 and beyond. It's a huge focus of the international team.
David M. Zaslav: The other thing that you'll see is the situation that we're having with Animal Planet and with ID and that we had with TLC a few years ago, as the channels start to grow, you have to get on the media planners' budget. And you don't get on at a very high rate, you have to build yourself up. And so we've launched a lot of new channels and we've grown a lot of market share outside the U.S. We now have local teams on the ground. And we're seeing meaningful growth. You saw 25% ad growth. But it's even going to get higher because a lot of the channels that we're selling, they're early stage. We're getting good market share, but our ability to drive price will be something that'll take over the next 3 to 4 years for us to get full value for.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And in terms of the programming spend overseas to get there, in terms of how that impacts the margin?
David M. Zaslav: Well, the programming spend that we have right now, it's pretty steady. The good news for us is, when it comes to Science and Animal Planet and ID, ID in particular is working really well. We didn't know that it would work the way Animal Planet and Science has worked in terms of taking almost very little local content and just using existing content that we have with sort of a global approach. TLC does have a meaningful amount of local, but you see it in the numbers, it is less than we thought. We thought it was going to be about 40% share, and it's more at about 60% share, and it'll probably stay about where it is right now. So overall, I think you'll see -- we don't expect that we're going to have to invest significantly more. It's about where it is now.
Operator: And your next question comes from John Janedis of UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: David, historically, you've talked about Discovery being synonymous with nonfiction programming. And I'm just wondering, with the introduction of some scripted fare at the upfront, what was the driver? Does that give you an incremental opportunity to monetize the audience? And should we expect more if you get the ratings?
Andrew C. Warren: Well, look, our ratings are up at Discovery, and we're having a lot of momentum. It's important for us to be open to what do the viewers want and how do we continue to nourish them. That's what this business is all about. People only watch 8 to 10 channels. The fact that our share was up 8% last year and 3%, means they're spending more time with our channels, and you have to earn that. Fiction, we've seen in the marketplace that viewers have really related to fiction on occasion on nonfiction channels. We've been very successful with Alaska and with Gold on Discovery. We have the #1 show with Gold Rush. The Bering Sea Gold has been very successful for us, Last Frontier in Alaska. So for us to do Klondike on Discovery, we thought was a good first swing into fiction, which is a lot more expensive, to see if we do something in our wheelhouse and we get behind it, will the Discovery audience, will they love it? Will they lean into it? Will they feel like that makes them feel closer to Discovery? And we're going to have to see. It's an experiment. I think it's going to do very well. But it's a very small piece of our overall strategy. It's much more expensive. It doesn't repeat as well. And so for us, it's a big tent-pole. You might see us using scripted if this works as a tent-pole strategy, sort of the way we use Frozen Planet or North America as part of that overall approach to -- in aggrandizing the brand. But it's not going to change who we are, we're nonfiction with those brands. You'll see us playing more in the fiction area with things like SBS, where we have broad entertainment sports networks, where that's the foundation of what we do in those 4 markets where we have between 30% and 40% market share.
Operator: And your next question comes from Anthony DiClemente of Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a question for Andy. David mentioned taking the third year option on your Netflix deal. I think that, that comes up later this year, but I was wondering if you guys could clarify exactly when that would be, like what quarter would that option kick in? And then also I'm assuming that, that's contemplated in your full year guidance. Is it included -- or the expectation for taking the third year option is included in your full year guidance, is that correct?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Anthony, it's both in our full year guidance and will be either in the second or third quarter. It really all depends on when we take the option. So we're not going to say which quarter yet, but it will either be second or third, and it is included in our full year expectation.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Then we go for 1 full year subsequent to that, it would extend?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, that's correct.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then on that theme, I guess, for either of you, can you talk about are there other online distributors? You said there were plenty of players knocking on your door. Are there others? And what would the structure and type of content look like for other players out there in addition to Amazon and Netflix perhaps?
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Look, the TV Everywhere is a big piece of a windowing strategy. We haven't done any of those deals yet. We are talking to operators. The good thing about TV Everywhere is it's measured on the Web, and it will be measured next year on the Pad. I just was -- met with a bunch of operators in D.C. the other day. There's a real drive to push into that space. We just haven't done deals yet. We all agree there's value, we think there's more value there. We have 10% market share. We have a lot of great content. And so I think there's the question of when that will happen, and it's a fight over value. On the SVOD piece, I wouldn't be surprised if a number of the operators get into that space. And Netflix has been very effective. Amazon has been effective. So I think it will be good for us. The more people that want to pay for our content, the better. And then there's over-the-top. There continues to be discussion of over-the-top. Eventually, it'll happen. I don't know if it's going to be this year, next year, or in 4 years. But the idea of more people wanting to pay more money to get access to content that we own is a good thing. Now it's a good thing over the next couple of years. The bigger question is, 4, 5, 6 years from now, how good of a job do we do as an industry getting the right economics for each of those windows, and any those windows get much bigger because people spend a lot more time, and does that mean that we end up doing better or worse. There's no question we're going to be better in the next couple of years.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Well, I just want to follow-up on that. That's a good point, in terms of if over the next few years, SVOD sort of takes share from ad supported as the form of monetization online of choice, you've taken a strategy, David, in terms of really windowing out the SVOD deals you've done in terms of longer-tail library content. Could you ever -- could you see that changing if the SVOD business really becomes, for consumers and viewers, the business model of choice vis-à-vis ad supported online?
David M. Zaslav: Look, we all have to follow the consumer, what does the consumer do, but we have to do it rationally by figuring out what are the right economics. We don't want to undermine an existing business that is very effective for us. We're about 50% subscriber fee, and we could be doing deals in some markets that are very low penetrated on cable around the world, like Brazil, to make a little bit more money. But Brazil is still only 26% pay penetrated. They grew over 20% in this past quarter. That's the place that we're going to make a lot of money. And when people first get introduced to television, we want them to be introduced to cable TV, which is the core of what we do. We don't want them to be confused by some other offerings. So I think we have to be careful as an industry as to how we approach this. The fact that traditional distributors are getting into this space is a good thing. If we're talking to an existing distributor, a customer of ours that has big scale and is paying us for our content in a traditional manner, then at that point, doing a deal with that distributor for more money to give them more windows, by definition, it'll be more difficult to undermine that relationship because it's with the same person. But we have to make sure we get the right economics. Because you're right, if in 5 years we're not getting the right economics on -- or the business models aren't effective on some of those platforms and they begin to take some scale away from traditional television, then we'll be worse off. On the other hand, today, people are watching more television than they have. And we're getting paid for every one of those platforms. So it feels awfully good. That's good. The bad is that if we get overconfident, then we don't get the right economics on those additional platforms.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Morris of Davenport & Co.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple quick ones on affiliates and then one on content. Domestic affiliates, I believe last year, your core affiliate rate x digital grew somewhere in the 4.5% to 5% range. So my first question is did your affiliate -- your subscribers who were not under new contracts so far this year, did they continue to grow at a similar pace there?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, they did.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, David, you mentioned the number of subscribers up for renewal this year, you categorized it as a little more than 10%. Can you talk about...
David M. Zaslav: That was last year. Last year was less than 20%. And we've basically said, directionally, that it's about, over the next 5 years, it's basically even. So if you were to model it out and you modeled out 20% a year, you wouldn't be too far off on either side.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: So when you said that less than 20%, those weren't the sort of January 1, 2013, subscribers? Or is that kind of like at that date. I know it's not always exact, but so to speak.
David M. Zaslav: The deals that we did last year in aggregate represented a number of subs that was less than 20% of our total base in the U.S. That's it.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And so as we look into the number of new subscribers or updated contracts into 2014 over 2013, you think that 20% is sort of the right number we should be using?
David M. Zaslav: Ballpark, yes. Yes.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the content side, to follow up a bit on the scripted content. You did acquire into both scripted and sports in Europe. Would you consider acquiring into either of those in the U.S.?
David M. Zaslav: We always look opportunistically. I think we're very late to the party on sports, and it's very expensive, and there's a lot of great players playing in that space and fighting that fight. We think it's -- what we have with Eurosport, which we have a right to take a control right in, in about 19 months, is very different. It's in 59 countries. It's the only pan-European sports platform that exists, so it's a very unique platform with unique leverage. So sports is difficult. I don't see us playing in a meaningful way in fiction on our existing platforms in some way that would skew your models. But if there were channels available here in the U.S., we always look. We think we have enough scale here right now. But for the right price, we always look at everything. Our focus is going to be much more outside the U.S., That's where we think we have a real advantage, both in terms of teams on the ground and scale.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Tuna Amobi of S&P Capital IQ.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: David, you used the word robust in your characterization of your upfront outlook. So I just want to get a sense how robust you think this will be. Clearly, you guys have been taking share for several years now, and it seems to me that your position this year is relatively better than last year in the upfront environment. So I'm wondering how this whole changes your strategy and any kind of color that you can provide would be helpful. And for Andy, so you laid out 3 criteria for your M&A strategy. And I was very curious that you were willing to take a significant margin hit in the SBS, and yet you made a point it was EPS and free cash accretive. And I'm wondering, given that dynamic, is this something that one can expect would -- I mean, it's not common that the kind of margin compression that SBS would result. And the time frame, it sounds like from your comments, would take a few years to normalize. And I'm wondering why you think that's kind of the right approach in terms of how you view assets, and if that's something that's peculiar to the international market or if it's something you will also consider in your U.S. acquisition criteria, if that makes sense.
David M. Zaslav: Okay, let me start. The upfront, to some extent, is outside of our control. We go in with a significant amount of momentum. The market right now is strong, surprisingly strong. But we're more of a follower than a leader with that, and that's just -- that's because we're in the cable business and that's the way it works here in the U.S. So we'll see where CBS or some of the bigger broadcasters go. If they -- depending on where they come in, we'll make the decision depending on how up the pricing is whether -- last year, we did about 55% of our inventory, but we did very, very well with scatter. And the question is, depending on how high we can get an increase on the upfront, that'll determine whether we do 45%, 48%, 50% or 55% and how much we bet on scatter. So I think we have all the right winds at our back going in. We're just going to have to see how the marketplace is. It feels good now, we'll have to see. On SBS, just a couple of points, and then I'll pass it to Andy. That's a dual revenue stream business, so it's very unusual. 30% of it is sub fees, number one. Two, we think we have a lot of synergy and it's not going to take us a very long time, we think we can move those margins pretty quickly. And three, it does play against our model. If we had bought an asset like this in one market that had a unique language where we couldn't use it across other countries, it would have been more difficult. The fact that you have Norway, Denmark, Sweden and Finland and you can produce content and share it across those markets, and we could use their content, they could use ours, we think gives us a real chance to grow our international business and also to reinforce the geographic diversity that we have. Those are very stable markets, and we think that we can grow them, and we can use the synergy to do it.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. You're right. And we've laid out 3 kind of deal criterion that we look at. One is free cash flow and EPS accretive, day one; two is an unlevered IRR of at least low-teens; and three is by the multiple that's less than ourselves and ideally less than 10. And SBS clearly meets all of those 3 criteria. And so, look, I'll just add to David's point, while it is margin dilutive, day one, we do very much believe in our ability to grow margin, not only with that business but the overall amalgamation of the D&I in total. So we're very, very bullish on what our margin profile's going to look like long term. We think this is the right kind of step back in margin, year 1, with a lot of thoughts around how to gain that through ad sales leverage, top line leverage, infrastructure in place and then synergies.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you very much, everybody, for joining us, and please follow up with any questions that you have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein David M. Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Mark G. Hollinger - Chief Executive Officer of Discovery Networks International and President of Discovery Networks International
Analysts: Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division David W. Miller - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q4 2012 Discovery Communications, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Charlene, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Craig Felenstein, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Craig Felenstein: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Hollinger, President and CEO of our international operations. You should have received our earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy, after which, we will open the call up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K and subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2012 was another year of successful operational execution and strong financial results for Discovery as we delivered sustained growth, further invested in our global brands and content and developed new and diverse strategic opportunities around the world. Since becoming a public company in the fall of 2008, Discovery has demonstrated a unique ability to generate healthy and consistent returns, capitalizing on the sturdiness of our business model, the widespread appeal of our content and the unparalleled global distribution platform we have built for more than 20 years. As technology rapidly evolves and economies ebb and flow, Discovery's underlying focus remains exactly the same, delivering long-term value by creating the highest-quality content with great storytelling and compelling characters that can be leveraged around the globe and across a growing number of digital and consumer platforms. Our targeted investment strategy emphasizes geographies and brands that offer meaningful advertising and affiliate upside, a key factor in our strong and dependable growth over the last few years. The success of this strategy was never more evident than in the record results we delivered in 2012, which were driven in large part by the market share gains in the U.S. and around the world as we strengthened our existing brands, such as Animal Planet and ID; launched new brands, such as Destination America; and extended strong brands globally, such as ID in Latin America and Discovery Kids in Asia. Domestically, this was our fourth consecutive year taking market share as viewership across our portfolio was up 6%, and our best-in-class ad sales team translated the larger audiences into double-digit ad growth, excluding one-time items. This growth speaks partly to the strong ad market, but also to the breadth and depth of our brand portfolio and the ability of our ad sales team to maximize the market and create value-enhancing ad campaigns for clients. On the viewership side, ID continues to be a juggernaut. It celebrated its fifth anniversary last month, and our sustained investment in increasing its content offering continues to pay off. ID just delivered its 45th straight month of year-over-year primetime gains in its key demo, the longest streak among any ad-supported cable network. And in January, they premiered their newest hit, REDRUM, which delivered the network's best performing primetime telecast ever. ID has the longest length of tune in all of television in both primetime and total day and finished 2012 up over 20% in all of its key demos. This momentum is poised to continue in 2013, with a great development slate, 35 returning series, increased distribution and viewership and most importantly, still discounted CPMs relative to its audience and reach. Animal Planet also had its best year ever, with viewership up 17% versus 2011, led by the success of River Monsters, Finding Bigfoot, Call of the Wildman and Tanked, all of which grew versus a season ago. It was one of the fastest-growing networks in all of cable in 2012 in terms of viewership. And with 15% more returning hours in 2013, we expect Animal Planet to continue growing its audience in the year ahead. Our newest brand, Destination America, also delivered big growth this year, up 30% versus 2011, and we only launched Destination America 7 short months ago. In addition, Science and Velocity also experienced double-digit gains for the year and continued their strong momentum. The success of these emerging networks provides a great launching pad heading into 2013, especially when coupled with the big momentum we currently have at our flagships, Discovery and TLC. Discovery built upon the strong audience it generated during Shark Week in August and delivered its best fourth quarter ever, with viewership up 14% versus a year ago. Its success was broad-based, with returning hits such as Gold Rush and Moonshiners growing versus last season, all-new series such as Fast N' Loud, Jungle Gold and Amish Mafia emerged as breakout hits. In fact, Amish Mafia delivered the highest-rated premier in the network's history, building on the huge audience generated with American Chopper Live. Several of these series also helped Discovery get off to a great start in 2013, with viewership on the channel up over 20% in January. It was the best month in Discovery's history. And with more returning hits than ever before and a great slate of new series and specials, Discovery Channel is extremely well positioned to take additional share in the year ahead. TLC also had a strong finish to 2012, with fourth quarter viewership up 13%, led by returning favorites Long Island Medium and Sister Wives, both of which built their audience from last season; and by the new hit, Breaking Amish, which was TLC's highest-rated new series ever. For 2013, TLC has 30 series returning to its schedule. And with a robust development pipeline, we expect to further build its audience in the year ahead. So as you can see, we finished up 2012 in great shape across our domestic portfolio, and we've built upon that momentum with our viewership market share up 7% in January. We're off to a great start this year. And while still early, with real momentum across our portfolio, strong upfront under our belts, continued strength in scatter pricing and cancellations less than a year ago, we're confident that we will deliver another year of significant advertising growth domestically. We're also enjoying some meaningful momentum at our joint ventures after strengthening their content pipelines and driving viewership throughout last year. Hub is now available in 72 million homes, up from 56 million at launch. The network built its audience every quarter in 2012, including 14% gains in the fourth quarter among kids 2 to 11 in both total day and primetime, making The Hub the fastest-growing kids cable network in 2012. And with a great slate of new and returning series set for 2013, it is poised to further build its audience in the year ahead. At OWN, Oprah and her team continue to connect with more and more viewers each and every month. In 2012, OWN delivered 12 consecutive months of year-on-year ratings gains and generated 36% audience growth for the full year. And that success is poised to continue with more tent-poles returning than ever before and the slate of new series scheduled for 2013, including 2 new series from Tyler Perry, one of the great writer/producers in media, which is set to launch in May. I've seen the scripts and the shows, and they do look strong. Very exciting for us. With OWN generating real audience growth and with support from all of our original advertisers, and all of our affiliate deals completed now, except for one distributor, we are fully on track to reach our previously stated goal of cash flow breakeven during the second half of this year. So as you can see, our content investment strategy is generating real momentum across our domestic portfolio, and the increased market share is translating into sustained financial growth. Same story is playing out internationally. We have made targeted content investments globally to capitalize on our unparalleled distribution platform. And as a result, we are increasing our share in the growing pay-TV universe and capturing more and more advertising dollars. Overall viewership across our international portfolio expanded by more than 25% in 2012. And that growth was very much broad-based. We delivered double-digit increases across nearly every region, led by Italy and Spain in Western Europe; Mexico and Brazil in Latin America; and Russia and South Africa. We're certainly benefiting from an expanding subscriber base, with overall subs growing about 12%. But we are also leveraging the success of our domestic programming, like Gold Rush on Discovery and Cake Boss on TLC, while our international production team is providing local markets with compelling content that's really resonating with viewers. Having a presence in over 210 countries allows us to identify additional opportunities to further expand our reach, depending on the market dynamics. Whether it's launching free-to-air networks in countries like Italy, where we use mostly existing in-language content to keep costs low, rolling out Discovery Kids across Asia or our expansion of ID into 138 countries to capitalize on the worldwide popularity of investigative and forensic programming. As we invest in organic growth opportunities, we have kept our eyes open to identify external opportunities to create additional long-term value and further strengthen our growth portfolio. We believe the 2 transactions we announced at the end of last year do exactly that. As we've demonstrated over the past several years, we are highly selective when pursuing external assets. The acquisition of ProSieben's fully distributed suite of Nordic networks, which is expected to close this quarter, will expand our portfolio and deepen our footprint across some of the most well-penetrated and stable cable TV markets in the world. These assets are primarily dual-revenue-stream businesses in strong and stable TV markets with attractive consumer demographics and where Discovery has tremendous experience, having launched our first international network in the Nordic region more than 20 years ago. These are well-positioned channels that complement our non-fiction networks in terms of genre appeal and demographic reach, and we believe the combination of these 2 businesses will create nice synergies while strengthening our relationships with existing advertisers and affiliate partners. The transaction with TF1, which closed in December, allows us to further diversify our network portfolio, including most notably a 20% interest in Eurosport Group and an enhanced presence in France, where we have been traditionally underrepresented. Five separate Eurosport networks are in nearly 60 countries and reach 130 million subscribers, making it the most widely distributed sports network group in Europe. And given our strong expertise with local ad sales, we anticipate driving value for both TF1 and Discovery. Both of these transactions strengthened the tremendous platform Discovery has built over the last 2 decades, the broad distribution we have, the strong EPG channel placement, the brand loyalty and the critical relationships that come from working in local markets for many, many years. Our international growth story remains strongly intact. And these transactions further bolster our long-term outlook by deepening our geographic footprint, broadening our portfolio with new networks and brands and enhancing our creative pipeline with new talent, personalities and formats. As we invest in our existing businesses and integrate these new assets into our portfolio, delivering sustained financial results and operating leverage remains a top priority. Andy will walk you through our 2013 guidance in a moment, but we fully expect another year of strong organic growth while returning significant capital to shareholders. We have nearly $1.5 billion remaining under our recently expanded buyback program, and we will continue to return capital to shareholders aggressively if it is in the best use of our balance sheet. 2012 was another great year for Discovery as we continued to deliver strong financial results while further executing operationally and strategically to better position the company for sustained long-term success. In 2013, with continuing operating momentum across our domestic and international portfolio and a current favorable operating environment, we remain committed to capitalizing on the growth opportunities across our platforms to build additional shareholder value. And now let me turn the call over to Andy Warren.
Andrew C. Warren: Thanks, David. Discovery produced another strong quarter of operating results during the fourth quarter as we leveraged the large audiences we're generating around the globe to double-digit worldwide ad revenue growth and the increasing subscriber base we're delivering outside the U.S. into double-digit international affiliate revenue growth. On a reported basis, total company revenue in the fourth quarter increased 8%, led by 15% international growth and 4% domestic growth. Organic revenue growth, where it excludes the impact of foreign currency movements, as well as nonrecurring ad revenue and additional licensing revenues in the prior year, was up over 10%. Total operating expenses on a reported basis increased 6%, higher than previously anticipated, primarily due to strategic transaction costs, a greater impact from foreign currency movements and increased marketing and personnel costs. Excluding the transaction costs and the impacts of foreign currency, as well as higher content costs a year ago from impairments and changes in amortization rates, total expenses increased 8% versus the fourth quarter last year. Discovery's continued ability to generate revenue growth in excess of expenses translated into a 9% increase in reported adjusted OIBDA during the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, as well as the previously highlighted revenue and expense items that are onetime in nature in both the current and prior year, organic adjusted OIBDA grew 12% versus the fourth quarter a year ago. Net income from continuing operations decreased to $224 million as the strong operating performance in the current year and improved equity earnings were more than offset primarily by higher taxes, as well as increased mark-to-market share-based compensation expense through depreciation in our share price. The increase in book taxes versus a year ago was predominantly due to $112 million of foreign tax credits recognized in the fourth quarter of 2011. Higher-than-normal tax rate in the current quarter was driven by increased tax reserves and the impact of restructuring our international operations that I discussed last quarter. As previously mentioned, the restructuring will ultimately lower our effective tax rate over time, and we do anticipate an effective tax rate of around 38% for 2013. Free cash flow decreased $20 million to $304 million in the fourth quarter as the improved operating performance was more than offset by higher content investment and increased cash taxes. The programming spend in the current year is certainly paying off in terms of ratings momentum and higher advertising revenue. That content amortization growth will be in the low- to mid-teens to 2013 as content amortization catches up with the cash investments made in both 2011 and 2012. We do anticipate that programming spending growth will slow down considerably in 2013 versus last year. Looking back at the full year, Discovery's 2012 financial performance demonstrates our sustained ability to deliver consistent revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth while continuing to invest in our networks and operations worldwide. On a reported basis, for the full year, we delevered -- delivered 8% revenue and 9% adjusted OIBDA growth. Excluding foreign currency, revenue grew 9% and adjusted OIBDA increased 12% versus 2011, which resulted in our adjusted OIBDA margin expanding by 100 basis points in 2012. Turning to the operating units. The U.S. Networks continued to perform well during the fourth quarter. On a reported basis, total domestic revenues increased 4% as advertising revenue grew 9% from viewership gains across our portfolio, as well as favorable pricing and demand environment. Affiliate revenue increased 2% versus a year ago, as higher rates and digital subscribers partially offset by a decline in digital licensing revenue. Excluding the nonrecurring ad sales item in 2011 and the higher licensing revenue from the fourth quarter a year ago, U.S. advertising increased 10%, and affiliate fee growth was 5%. For the full year, our U.S. sales team delivered another strong growth with ad sales, excluding nonrecurring revenue items, up 10% on top of the 15% organic growth we delivered in 2011. Current ad market trends continue to be encouraging, with double-digit scatter pricing above the gains we garnered during the upfront negotiations. We have some nice ratings momentum across many of our networks, as David mentioned. And with the healthy macro environment continuing, we anticipate high-single-digit ad growth in the first quarter of 2013, building upon the impressive 13% organic growth we delivered in the first quarter a year ago. For the full year, our distribution team also achieved very strong results, delivering 4% growth on top of the -- 12% increase we delivered in 2011 on the back of our digital licensing agreements. We also completed a few new affiliate deals with existing operators that secured higher rates across the portfolio, as well as additional distribution for a number of our emerging networks. Turning to the costs side. Domestic operating expenses were down 1% from the fourth quarter of 2011, which included higher content costs due to impairment charges, changes in amortization rates and costs associated with digital licensing agreements. Excluding these costs, our operating expenses increased 7% compared to a year ago due to higher content amortization and increased personnel costs. On a reported basis, domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 7% for the quarter and 8% for the year. Excluding the impacts of licensing agreements, content impairment charges and changes in amortization rates, domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 4% in the fourth quarter and 6% for the full year. Turning to our international operations. We continue to deliver some good momentum across our global operations, with reported revenues expanding 15% and by 16% ad and 12% affiliate growth. Excluding the impact of exchange rates, total revenue growth was 18%, with advertising revenue increasing 18% and affiliate revenue up 15%. As we mentioned on our last call, it was anticipated that ad revenue would accelerate in the fourth quarter, and we exceeded our original expectation of mid-teen growth. We delivered double-digit growth across nearly all regions, led by Western Europe, mainly from growing market share, as well as the continued success of several of our free-to-air initiatives, including Real Time in Italy and Quest in the U.K. We also saw a double-digit growth in the quarter in Latin America, driven by the success of our U.S. Hispanic networks, as well as growth in Mexico and Venezuela. The affiliate revenue increase, which included 4 percentage points of benefit from lower launch-support amortization were driven by further strong subscriber additions worldwide and by continued growth from Brazil and Mexico in Latin America, as well as Russia and Turkey. Operating costs internationally were up 10% on a reported basis and 11% excluding the impact of foreign currency, primarily driven by higher content amortization, as well as increased personnel and infrastructure costs due to additional investment in growth initiatives and the buildout of our global platform to support our long-term growth expectations. Our international segment delivered 21% adjusted OIBDA growth in the fourth quarter, excluding currency impact, as our international team continued to generate strong revenue increases while thoughtfully investing in key growth initiatives. The fourth quarter completed another year of rapid growth and terrific performance from our international team, with revenues and adjusted OIBDA both up 18%, excluding foreign currency, in 2012. These results follow up in the 13% revenue and 18% adjusted OIBDA growth delivered, excluding currency, in 2011. As we look ahead to 2013, we are encouraged by the momentum across our global portfolio and the continued strong pricing and demand environment in many of our key markets. We anticipate closing on the SBS transaction during the first quarter. And our full year expectations include our forecast for these Nordic businesses for the remainder of the year. For the full year 2013, we expect total revenues to be between $5.575 billion and $5.7 billion. We anticipate adjusted OIBDA to be between $2.425 billion and $2.525 billion, with revenue growth partially offset by higher operating expenses due in large part to the higher content amortization I discussed earlier. For comparison purposes, excluding the SBS results from our full year expectations, we are forecasting double-digit revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth in 2013. It's important to note that the first quarter growth rates will be lower than the remainder of the year, given the positive impact from the Amazon agreement in the first quarter a year ago. Net income is expected to be between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion, led by the strong operating performance and the improvement in equity earnings due to continued progress at OWN. This growth will be partially offset by the increased tax rate I mentioned earlier, as well as higher interest expense due mostly to additional debt raised in conjunction with our SBS and TF1 transactions. Our guidance assumes no material purchase accounting adjustments upon closing the SBS transaction, and we'll update you next quarter on any changes to these expectations. Free cash flow is expected to grow significantly in 2013 from improved operating performance, as well as the benefit from the extension of the Section 181 domestic content production deduction, which is extended retroactively to the beginning of last year. In 2012, with a strong balance sheet and continued financial and operating momentum, we returned nearly $1.4 billion to our shareholders through execution of our share repurchase program. Since August 2010, we have spent nearly $3 billion buying back shares, reducing the outstanding share count by over 70 million shares or 17%. Our first priority remains investing in our core businesses to drive sustained, long-term growth through investment in existing networks and platforms or through exploring external initiatives. But given the free cash flow we are generating, our gross leverage targets, as well as our long range free cash flow per share growth expectations, we have unique opportunity to continue returning capital to shareholders, while we also invest in our businesses. We anticipate returning similar amounts of capital to shareholders through buybacks in 2013, as we did in 2012. However, as previously highlighted back in December, having capital needs associated with the timing of closing the SBS transaction, we do not anticipate buying shares until the second quarter of this year. Thanks again for your time this morning. Now David and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: David, do you see any other interesting acquisition opportunities right now? And for 2013, from your viewpoint, what are the most important execution priorities? I mean, where could -- you laid out your guidance and your outlook. Where do you think there's a potential to do better, where you think there's the risk of doing worse?
David M. Zaslav: Okay, thanks, Doug. In terms of acquisitions, we have a great balance sheet. And we have a real opportunity with our existing platforms to grow organically, and we've been doing that over the last several years. The idea of buying additional assets is we're always opportunistic, but we were looking for the past 6 years, and it took us 6 years to find Eurosport and SBS and Switchover. The real focus for us is we're only going to do an acquisition if we think we can grow as fast or faster, as well as having real strategic value for us. So we will continue to look. If we find assets that meet that formula, we'll go ahead. But in the meantime, though we have -- we've expanded our platform dominance. And we're doing a better job, I think, than we ever have creatively in terms of populating our channels with great storytelling and strong characters and growing our market share, so I feel like we're in very good shape right now. And we'll see if anything else comes up. In terms of priorities, I think the #1 priority is to continue to grow market share. We are unique in our approach. And in the last year alone, we increased our investment in content by $200 million. But we did grow our market share last year by 8% in a market that was flat. The year before, we grew 3%, and the year before, we grew 7%. So as we look at this company, the focus is to continue to deploy capital to take full advantage of the fact that we have 14 channels here in the U.S. And as you look around the world, we have better -- we have a better platform portfolio than anyone. This past year, we grew 25% market share outside the U.S., including launching a number of new channels, where we're using our existing content. And so if we can continue to grow our market share and continue to create an environment where we have the best creatives working with us to build our brands, you're going to see a significant amount of growth because there's more and more windows for our content, and there's more and more platforms for us to put it.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Does that suggest that you should be ramping your investment in content even further than you already are?
David M. Zaslav: Well, last year -- we've taken it up significantly over the last 5 years. And because we had so much success last year, as you look at Discovery, Animal Planet, ID, TLC, the success that we've had, including at Science, we have a lot more returning series than we've ever had. And returning series that are really, that are freshman or sophomore. So we don't have a lot of older series in our portfolio right now. And so because of that, you will see this year that we'll be relatively flat. And that will be significant because we won't have to go out fishing as much to find new content for 2 reasons. One, our creative team, I think, is better than we've ever had, and we understand our brands and what the viewer is looking for on each channel. But also more importantly, we have a lot of returning series, more than we've ever had, on each channel. So we're in this odd moment where we could spend about the same amount of money and get a lot more creative content because remember that within our business model, when we have series that work, we own those shows for the long haul. So the additional costs of those shows in Season 2, 4, 5 is -- there is no opportunity to come back and really leverage those, and so that's a real opportunity for us. So it will level off, Doug, and I think that, that will help with -- you see a big pickup in amortization this year, you'll see that level off significantly because we're going to be tapering down, but I think we'll taper down and we'll accelerate market share.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the distribution renewals that you talked about, Andy, in your prepared remarks. Now that they're behind you, can you tell us how many subs they covered and whether you expect, if you sort of cut through all the noise with digital and launch amortization, if the affiliate revenue growth will accelerate in '13 versus '12? I think it was around 5% in '12. And, David, what was the strategy going in, I think Andy mentioned more distribution, higher fees. But there are a lot of things you guys could go for, more ad inventory, higher fees in ID in particular, and you had a lot of ratings strength. What was the sort of goal for the team going in other than just getting as much money as possible?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Ben. I do think we're very well positioned for these discussions. Six years ago, our market share was about 4% on cable. Today, it's about 10%. We have a lot more channels that are -- that have niche audiences, that are -- that feel that our channels are very -- and brands are very important to them. So that -- and all of our deals come up at the same time, as we've discussed. So I think we have a very good hand. We also have a very good equitable argument with distributors because we've spent a lot more on content as our market share -- has grown. And I think all of our distributors would agree that our channels have become much more important. The viewership is up, they are making more money selling them. So it was a very good backdrop. For this year, there were just very few deals that came up. We said the deals were going to be coming up over the next -- last year and over the next 5 years. This year, it was a smaller percentage. And so we did very well in terms of getting increases in fees, well above where -- what are -- what's in our existing deals, which is 4% to 5%. In addition, we were able to get more distribution for a number of our channels, which doesn't -- which helps us. When you take a look at ID, that was in 55 million homes, and it's now in over 80 million. That's becoming a big asset for us. Science, that was in 45 million homes. That's in over 70 million now. So we get the increase in rate, we then get paid on those channels that get rolled down, and then we get additional ad revenue on the viewership of those channels. But you won't see a significant bump this year because the scale of the deals that came up were just small. And we always mention that they feather in over the next 4 years. So I think if we do -- we expect that we'll do as well going forward, and you'll see more of it in '14 and '15 as more deals come up. And one other thing. We did not give any TV Everywhere rights as part of these deals, which I think is -- was important for us. We couldn't determine what the right value was. And it was amicable, but we agreed in this case to table it. I think there's a decent chance we'll do some TV Everywhere deals over the next few months. But the good news is there is no distributor in the U.S. that has TV Everywhere rights for our content. And given that we are almost 10% of viewership on cable, I think that, that is a very valuable opportunity. And it's a good opportunity for us because TV Everywhere is -- it's measured on computers, it'll be measured on pads soon, and it provides a good economic model that's measured -- that will be measured for us.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So it sounds like these deals set the stage for that 5% to accelerate, but it's going to take multiple years as it phases in as the deals get bigger. Is that a fair takeaway?
David M. Zaslav: Correct. And now having said that, if TV Everywhere -- we could do TV Everywhere this year as a separate basket of consideration. Or there could be deals that are up next year, the year after, in 2015 or '16, where a distributor wants TV Everywhere rights, where we could either do it independently, or we might decide to roll forward a whole new deal as part of that. But assuming that, that doesn't happen, then it'll feather in over the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Todd Juenger from Sanford Bernstein.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a couple quick ones for you. So in terms of international advertising, in the past, you sometimes have been willing to talk a little bit about Europe specifically. Obviously, a lot of stuff going on there, including your free-to-air launches in the macro environment. I wonder if there's any comments you'd be willing to make about how that all came together for you in the quarter and what you're seeing for the year. And I might as well ask my follow-up quickly, and it's more a tidy -- a housekeeping one. On your guidance for the first Q [ph] of '13, it looks from the interest expense as if your debt seems to be more or less keeping flat. I'm just wondering what your thoughts are on leveraging the company going forward and if I'm interpreting that correctly, or why you wouldn't raise the debt level commensurate with the EBITDA growth.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Todd. I'm going to give a -- just a quick on international and then pass to Mark Hollinger, who's the CEO of our International business. We had -- you saw we had 18% growth in advertising. The fact that we're in 210 countries, yes, there was some softness in France and Germany, but on the other hand, we had so much market share growth, where we grew 25% market share that we were able to continue to grow. And you have subscriber growth in the aggregate of about 12%. So we have a lot of winds at our back. There's a number of markets, particularly Latin America and India and Russia, that feel a lot like the U.S. in -- back in the early '90s, where you're gaining market share, more and more advertisers are coming on, and we're well positioned. The reason we're doing so well in Western Europe is we have an odd and effective strategy on free-to-air. We use it as a compliment in a few markets, but we have existing content that's already paid for in-language, so we're really -- we get a broadcast network in a market that doesn't have high paid penetration. And then we're able to basically gain market share by putting on a lot of content at very, very low cost. But Mark's done a great job last year. I think we outperformed certainly our expectations, and we're accelerating now into 2013. Let me pass it to Mark.
Mark G. Hollinger: Thanks, David. Yes, I think if you look overall, the ad sales growth for the quarter and for the year was actually a nice balance across a number of regions. Clearly, Western Europe was probably the leader of the pack, driven by a lot of the free-to-air initiatives. Italy, and Quest in the U.K. But I think if you look more broadly, you can see that there was strength in Latin America with Mexico and Colombia and Venezuela. There was strength in Central and Eastern Europe with Poland. And India ended up being a great story for us. So I think we found that with lots of different market dynamics in different places, that we're well positioned having the breadth of portfolio and frankly, again, the combination in markets where free-to-air can play a big piece that we have. We have the platforms to continue to drive double-digit growth on the ad sales side. Again, the pacing for first quarter is looking the same. It's a nice broadly sort of distributed pacing for first quarter.
David M. Zaslav: The attractive piece for us is we're gaining market share around the world not just in channels but in viewership. And we're seeing, whether you call it softness or recession or weakness, in a ton of markets. Having said that, we're able to grow aggressively in -- even across a challenged environment. So Brazil still is growing strong in terms of subscribers, but the economy has been soft. And when those economies begin to turn, when you're seeing the kind of growth that we see right now with really challenged environments -- so our strategy is grow market share, do it inexpensively with a lot of in-language content. And we're very confident about the year ahead. But as -- if we can get a turn in some of these economies, then we can really -- we can see even more growth. Andy?
Andrew C. Warren: Todd, regarding your 2013 debt and interest question, as you've heard us say before, we're very focused on a gross leverage ratio of 2.5x to 3x. So given the EBITDA growth we are forecasting for '13, as well as the SBS transaction, we do think we'll have about $1 billion of additional debt, year-end '13 versus year-end '12, and therefore, about $50 million of additional interest expense as well in '13 than '12.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Bank, RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two quick ones. The first is, if you look at the success of Animal Planet versus -- and versus the success of ID and how you're monetizing both, are you -- do you feel like you are monetizing the audience increases in Animal Planet? I think to a certain extent, you've been going out of the typical demo in some of those audience increases. And so how is the monetization of that going, and is there like a transition period? And the second question is I guess as you have successfully hit, or look on target to hit, the guidance with respect to OWN and its breakeven point, at what point do you think it'll be time to sort of update the guidance, move out the targets and start talking about the positive contribution and giving us a sense of how that could sort of move the needle below the OIBDA line?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, David. Look, Animal Planet was really, I think, the breakout surprise for last year. With all of the effort that we made in -- over the last 6 years and even the years before I got here, it was a channel that everyone said that they loved but not a lot of people watched. And so we built a very strong creative team led by Marjorie Kaplan, and we invested money for the last several years trying to find the audience and grow the channel. And candidly, we had our ups and downs. But before this year, we were really struggling with how do we get this from being the #35 channel, #40 channel, in America to something that's more meaningful because we were able to get much lower CPMs on this channel, and the viewership has been low. And Marjorie has really broken through. This -- the channel is now a top 20 channel in America. On Sunday, Marjorie had 2 shows that were the top 20 shows. It was the #1 channel in our portfolio on Sunday. There's a number of series that have a lot of traction. The demo has converted from being more female to more male and young and quite attractive. The good news and bad news is we have a very good audience now, and it's compelling. It helps us strategically in fighting against the other non-fiction channels like Geo and HISTORY, both of which do a good job, but having a successful Animal Planet helps that. The bad news is that our CPMs are still low on Animal Planet. But the good news is that over the next 2 to 3 years, you'll see us continuing to get a premium and catching up. It's going to take some time. We're already starting to do better. The advertisers are excited about our success. So in the cycle, that will be a CPM [Audio Gap] it's over a period of time. And it -- more so than even TLC, the success of Animal Planet we'll take around the world, and we've already started to. So part of that 25% market share growth is we got better and better content that works well around the world, moving. ID, as we've talked about often, is still on the backside of its CPM entitlement. And if ID didn't grow at all in terms of viewership over the next 2 years, we would -- you would see very substantial growth because of the CPM. During day time, ID is a top 10 network, sometimes it's a top 5 network in America. And the amount of women that it's delivering is very valuable, and we're way underpriced still, although we're making progress. So both of those, we think, are going to be a helper. On OWN, we're ahead of where we thought we'd be on rating. Oprah's doing a great job. Beyonce will be on this Saturday. You saw what we did with Lance, and we took that all over the world. We said we'd fund less in 2012 than we did in 2011, we did. Everything is moving in the right direction. Maybe most importantly, this was a channel that had no sub fees, or virtually no sub fees, when we entered into this business. And today, we've done deals with every operator in America, except for one, paying sub fees that started on January 1, and so we feel very good about it. Oprah is really energized. And we got Tyler Perry working with us, one of the great talents in the media business, and he's working very hard on a comedy and a drama. He has actually started shooting. He was -- has sent me some pictures. Oprah was in the control room yesterday with him in Atlanta, very -- so OWN is going very well. And Andy will talk to you about when we'll update you.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, David, just to give you some more thoughts on that. It was about a year ago that we said we would have funding in '12 less than '11. And as you said, the second half of '13 would be cash flow neutral. We couldn't feel better about the momentum and the results we have today. As David said, we achieved our financial objective for '12 funding, it was less than '11. And I've mentioned, we have -- really gives us a real line of sight to some very positive results out to 2013. So it is a big driver of our improvement. And EPS and the other income line will be significantly improved this year versus last. We will throughout the year give you all an update on the results, and particularly on the second half view, which we see now as being a debt reduction and a pay-down of our debt obligation, particularly in the second half of this year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wanted to go back to the affiliate deals. I know you haven't exposed a lot, but I was just wondering if you could give us kind of what percent of the contracts come up at the end of this year. Or if 2013 isn't the big year. Year-end contracts from 2012, you said, were small. When do we start to see -- what is the big year in terms of affiliate renewals? And within the rights again, David, you said you're not giving TV Everywhere, but you're giving VOD rights. And just the strategy of going for distribution, even with balancing distribution, increased distribution versus rates, I'm just wondering if you can -- I don't know, if there is any help that you can give us at all with the overall revenue growth on that side over the next few years, how much will it accelerate?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Jessica. We've said -- we said last year that it comes in over 5 years and that it's -- there isn't any 1 year that has 60%. So we don't want to get any more specific than that. Our #1 focus is that the actual fees go up. And getting the fees to go up, which are long cycle, which we can bank, and that's the most important piece of the strategy, and we think given the fact that our fees have only been going up 5%, but our market share is going up more than that, our channels are more valuable and they all come up at once, that we have a good argument, and the operators that we dealt with this year agreed with us. Having said that, if you can pick up several million subscribers with a guaranteed sub fee against those subscribers, that becomes a guaranteed affiliate also, if assuming that those are -- that you're able to be moved down in a way that you would have never otherwise. So I think the second thing that we look for is to get more carriage for our channels with guaranteed fees against those, which when you put those together and you add them up, it adds to your overall increase in affiliate fees. There are a bunch of other things that you can look at, but those are the 2 biggest ones. And TV Everywhere and VOD, we've held back TV Everywhere. There are some distributors that are looking for SVOD to compete with Netflix, which is great for us. And I've always -- I've said recently, this is probably the best time to be in the content business because there's more players, more people that want to pay us for our content in more windows. The fact that some operators want to get into the SVOD business is another bite at the apple in addition to TV Everywhere, but we haven't given any SVOD rights, we haven't given any TV Everywhere rights, and we've given limited VOD, which has been our operandi from the beginning. Andy?
Andrew C. Warren: Jessica, we're clearly not going to give any forward-looking viewer guidance on how the affiliate growth is going to look. But 2012 was a good year. The growth of those deals was good. The standard distribution, as David mentioned, was good for us, especially on the emerging nets. So we're not going to give any forward look, but at least the first year of that 5-year cadence was productive.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then you said long cycle, how long are the newer contracts?
Andrew C. Warren: Look, we don't -- we're not going to disclose specifically. But in general, our international deals tend to be about somewhere in the 3-year range shorter than the U.S. In the U.S., our deals have historically been in the 5-year range. There are some of the players in the market that we've seen have gone longer than that. It's something that we will look at, and whatever -- if, in fact, there is value there, we would go longer or we might go shorter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Nathanson from Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Let me have one for Andy, and then I'll come back to David on affiliate fees. Andy, if you look at your domestic network profitability this year, it's kind of amazing. You converted almost every dollar of revenue incremental into profit. And I wonder, when we look at the recent trends in domestic business, what do you think is kind of the right range of incremental conversion of revenue, let's say in the next 1 or 2 years? So what's kind of the right way to think about that?
Andrew C. Warren: Domestic, Michael, would be probably in the, long term, 50% to 60% [ph] range, especially given the higher content amort that we talked about. Content amort, that catch up relative to the cash spend in the last couple years, as I said, it's going to be in the low to mid-teens. So that certainly will have an impact on that, but we still expect solid flow-through of margin domestically.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then, David, just going back to affiliate fees. It's a good question. When you look at how people have done deals, some people have gotten big step-ups year one. Some other people have just taken the step-ups over the life of the contract. How do you think about that balance? Are you going for a big 1-year step-up or should we think about this over like the life of a new deal?
David M. Zaslav: When we're looking at doing a deal, it's really how do we get the most value for our overall package. I guess our preference would probably be straight line. If a distributor wanted to give it to us in some other way because it was more beneficial, we certainly -- we could just tie in value back-end, front-end, to make a determination. The deals that we've done have been straight line so far. And so I think you'll see it flow in evenly.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So therefore, if you look at the step-up in '13 to '12, we can't assume -- that's just not -- that you can't assume really anything from like, hey, that's the 1-year step-up. It's going to be...
David M. Zaslav: We didn't do any front-loading of anything so far.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Richard Greenfield from BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: When you look at broadcast TV, it appears from the ratings that collectively the business is in serious trouble. And I think when you look at the success that shows on your networks have had in terms of 18 to 49 or even just broader demographics, things like AMC with The Walking Dead and FX have attained, we've -- there's been this like steady market share bleed between broadcast and cable, and advertising has followed. But we haven't seen any kind of big gaps in terms of change year-over-year. Is that a 2013 or 2014 event? Like what has to happen so that you see huge chunks move broadly in advertising? And when we look at networks like you have like ID, et cetera, when do we start to see much bigger-size movements?
David M. Zaslav: Rich, it's hard to tell. I think that we have subscriber growth flat in the U.S. We have viewership flat in the U.S. The one win that we have at our back right now is the fact that there is still a 32%, 33% CPM differential between broadcast and cable. They do deliver, in general, a bigger audience, but that's becoming less and less so. When we put Gold Rush on, on Friday night, we're the #1 network in America. We beat the broadcasters. When we put on Honey Boo Boo or Breaking Amish or Long Island Medium on TLC, we could be #1 with women 18 to 34, 18 to 49. So clearly, the justification for the CPM differential is eroding. Having said that, these things take time. We haven't seen any significant step differential, but we have seen more money coming to cable, and we have seen that spread every year get a little smaller, which is to our advantage. That's the wind at our back. We're always making the argument that we're delivering bigger audiences and we should be getting more money. Alebrije [ph] does a great job at that, and we'll continue to bang on that door. The good news is I think you'll probably see over the next couple of years that will be the sustained wind at our back as we continue to grow market share as an industry, that more of the dollar should come to us at some better pricing.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And then just a follow-up, when you look at all of the SVOD deals that have happened, have you seen -- obviously, Walking Dead has had these blow-out ratings from the leverage they've gotten from their viewership. When you look at this type of programming you've put up on Netflix and Amazon, can you point to shows that weren't as successful, where they've come back and been much more successful year-over-year, and you think you can tie it to the introduction of those shows in prior seasons to new audience members?
David M. Zaslav: Here's what we've learned so far. Netflix and Amazon have been great partners for us. We have a unique deal with them in that our content -- the content we'd put on there is older. We were conservative coming in, but we did -- we were able to move a lot of content onto those platforms. And we put our brand on. Any time you look at a show from us, you'll see our brand. We spent the last 1.5 years taking a look at how is our content consumed and what impact does it have. The good news is we don't see any degradation. It's way too early to tell, but in our type programming, in shows like -- a show like Gold Rush or Deadliest Catch, there's an argument that people consume that, consume a whole season. They might consume a season from 3 years ago, and then they want to see the new season. So if anything, we think there may be a little bit of a helper with that, but I think it remains to be seen. The good news for us is that as our market share has grown, I think we've become even more attractive. As the number of hit series we have across all of our portfolio have grown, I think we've become more attractive, and it's been a very effective window for us. There are some series that surprise us. There's a couple of things that aren't on Discovery or TLC anymore that do quite well, and I think that falls into that kind of the campy -- it'll really surprise you sometimes what people will watch on a rainy Saturday afternoon.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just staying on that SVOD topic right there. Could you give us a sense on how we should assume those revenues will fall in, in 2013? I believe you have the right to extend your deal with Netflix this year. Should we assume that's going to be in the numbers? Any color would be great.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure, Alexia, it's Andy. We do have a third-year extension on that, and the predominance of that revenue would be probably recognized in the second quarter, with some as well in the third. It really depends on the timing of when the content is delivered to Netflix, but think in terms of predominantly 2Q and some in the third quarter.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Do you think that the total then SVOD dollars could be up year-over-year in '13 versus '12?
Andrew C. Warren: We're not going to quantify specifically, but it's a significant amount, and it's certainly in line with the total SVOD in 2012.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, on the comments about the holding off the TV Everywhere rights, I guess what's the hesitation there? Is it waiting for the ratings to come in other media? And I guess what sort of holds you back?
David M. Zaslav: Well it's 2 things. One, it needs to be -- we feel like it needs to be measured. So right now, if anybody is viewing our content, if we broadly deployed it and people were viewing our content on pads, it wouldn't be measured. So one of the attractions of TV Everywhere is that your content could be viewed on other platforms, but it is measured. It's measured by Nielsen, and you could accumulate the fair value for it. That's one. But two, if distributors are offering our content on other platforms, and the fact that they are able to do that enhances the experience that a consumer has with their distributor, whether it be Comcast or Time Warner or Charter, if in addition to getting their phone and their broadband, they also have TV Everywhere and they can watch on any device and if it has an effect on the way they feel about the distributor, if it has an effect on the churn, it's not clear exactly what the value is, but the value -- there is real value in us providing that, and the operators agree with that. And we just need to figure out how to apportion that value. And we haven't yet agreed on how to do that.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Alan Gould from Evercore.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Two questions. Andy, can you just give us an idea, do you have digital distribution revenue up versus 2012 built into your 2013 guidance? And, David, the ratings have been terrific. But is there any risk that you're going off-brand a little bit? I think of a show like the Amish show, for example.
David M. Zaslav: Okay, let me start with Discovery. Because I don't think Discovery has ever been more on-brand. If you take a look, we have Africa running on Tuesdays, which is very core to what we are. We have Gold Rush, where we're going out to Alaska and learning about how to mine for gold. Moonshiners, we have a number of -- we have Curiosity on Sunday nights. So the balance of specials together with real series about adventure and survival, we're in this perfect balance right now. Breaking -- Amish Mafia, which is on Discovery, and has been very popular, it is on-brand. It's -- as you think about how people live in America and around the world, what are the different societies and subcultures, that's certainly part of it. But as you look at the bull's eye of Discovery, it is things like Gold Rush and Curiosity, as well as a lot of our Survival, which we still have and will have more of. MythBusters. So we feel right now that Discovery is in a sweet spot. We do have a great creative team. Eileen O'Neill, who runs Discovery and TLC, really spent -- she's been running it now for 3 years. It took about 1.5 years to figure out what is Discovery when it's at its best, who is the audience, how do we build it? And you saw our strategy of standing down during the Olympics and then coming forward with our best creative series after that. And we -- so far, it's been no looking back. Obviously, there's ups and downs in this business. And creatively, every show isn't going to work. But I think Discovery, from a brand perspective and from a viewer perspective, is the best it's ever been.
Andrew C. Warren: Alan, regarding your digital question, it is yet to be determined as actually which titles will be delivered this year. But broadly speaking, think in terms of a flat revenue, digital revenue in '13 versus '12.
Operator: The next question is from David Miller from Riley Caris.
David W. Miller - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division: David, just a question about the diligence process with regard to SBS and TF1 Eurosport. When you guys were looking into these deals and just doing your diligence and just kind of justifying the price that you paid, which obviously looks like it's just -- it's going to turn out to be super accretive. Was the thinking there that -- particularly with SBS, that some of these networks are broken and you could turn around the ratings with some of your library programming, and you could realize the upside there? Or was the thinking more that this is a macro call and that you're going in when obviously Europe just has a lot of structural problems, and hopefully, they kind of work their way through that and you can realize the upside there? Or was it a combination of both? Just interested in your thoughts.
David M. Zaslav: Well, with both the Eurosport and in particular, SBS, we paid less than our multiple. We have 8 channels in Norway, Denmark and Sweden, so we have some synergy. We also have been in that market for 20 years. They're actually a great leadership team. They've done a good job of growing market share. And the markets are stable. Mark spent a lot of time over there. The deal isn't closed yet, but, Mark, why don't you give an update on SBS and Eurosport and how you see it?
Mark G. Hollinger: Yes, look, I think with SBS and frankly, in the Nordics with the combination of SBS and Eurosport, we have an opportunity in, as David says, really great markets. Great pay-TV penetration, strong economies, economies that are well positioned vis-à-vis the rest of the Eurozone to really drive scale in a way that we have never been able to. The Nordics have traditionally been some of Discovery Network's highest audience share markets. I think we may have the highest audience share anywhere in our pay-TV world in Norway, for example. To be able to combine that with what SBS has done. And then also, potentially to bring Eurosport into the mix, from a sales point of view, from a content-sharing point of view, I think we see that there are sort of multiple upsides. It's not about things being broken. It's about I think bringing all those assets together in a way they can really drive growth. I think that there is probably in Sweden where TLC has been a bit under-distributed and where the SBS portfolio is smaller than it is in the other markets, but we do have a chance for a new channel or 2 in the Swedish market, which would be terrific. But this is definitely one where we have taken on great assets with a great management team in great markets. We think that now the combination of our networks and Eurosport can really drive that even further.
Craig Felenstein: Okay, that's all we have for today, operator. Thank you very much for joining us, everybody. If you have any follow-ups, please give us a call. Thank you.
David M. Zaslav: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you for joining today's conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein David M. Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 3 2012 Discovery Communications, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Carolyn, and I'm your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, the call is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd like to turn the call over to Craig Felenstein who's the Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Craig Felenstein: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Discovery Communications' Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Hopefully the timing of our release did not interfere too much with your election day plans. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. You should have received our earnings release. But if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy. After which, we will open the call up to your questions. [Operator Instructions] Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining us. And before we begin the call, on behalf of myself and the entire team at Discovery, I wanted to extend our thoughts and best wishes to everyone who has been impacted by Hurricane Sandy. It's been quite a week. Discovery's financial momentum continued during the third quarter as our sustained investment in developing high-quality content and building bigger brands of global appeal allowed us to capitalize on the relatively healthy worldwide ad environment and the further penetration of pay-television around the world. Investing in great series and specials in those geographic areas that provide the greatest advertising and affiliate opportunities has been a consistent strategic priority for Discovery and a key factor in our strong and dependable growth over the last few years. Our third quarter results were skewed by several one-off items, which Andy will discuss when he covers our financial performance, but the sustainable organic growth story remains robust. International expansion continues at a rapid pace as we broaden our global content offerings and capitalize on our unparalleled distribution platform, while domestically, targeted programming initiatives are delivering audience growth at several of our emerging networks and we continue to see market share gains across the portfolio. Though investing in bigger, stronger brands remains paramount, we remain committed to our success-based investment style. We do not just throw dollars against the wall and see what sticks. But rather, by incrementally spending on those brands that have demonstrated meaningful upside, we can maximize the best possible return on our programming dollars. There's no better example of this than Investigation Discovery. ID was launched back in January 2008 with the view that mystery and forensic content was compelling enough and had a sufficient audience base to be the linchpin for an entire network. But before investing significantly in the concept, we wanted to test whether this type of programming would resonate with viewers, so we seeded it with a little bit of money and launched ID off the distribution of Discovery Times. In the first year, our cash spend only increased marginally, but the reception from viewers was immediate. We then went out and hired cable veteran Henry Schleiff, spent a little bit on marketing, attracted top storytellers to the genre and continued to incrementally invest in content. Since 2008, we have more than doubled the number of original hours on ID and the return has been significant. ID's audience has more than tripled during that period, and critically, we have been able to monetize that audience, with advertising up more than 6-fold over the same time period. Our investment continues to pay off, with viewership on ID up nearly 30% this past quarter in Total Day among its key women 25 to 54 demo. It is now a top 6 network in America during the day for women. And thus far in 2012, it is one of our largest drivers of advertising growth domestically. We still have significant room to grow before we achieve pricing and volume parity with the ratings ID is delivering. However, ID has clearly become one of Discovery's flagships, and we will continue to incrementally invest in the brand both in the U.S., as well as around the world. In just the last year, we have taken ID into over 130 countries. Animal Planet is another network that has really broken out. Since 2008, we have increased its original content by nearly 30%, and the audience is up a healthy 46%. When the growth took a breather in 2011, we deliberately held back on further increasing its content budget to see if the Animal Planet brand would regain its momentum and continue to grow. The answer was a resounding yes, with viewership up nearly 20% year-to-date, including its best-ever third quarter led by returning favorites Call of the Wildman, Tanked and My Cat from Hell. Given their momentum, we will continue investing additional programming dollars in Animal Planet as the audience growth is translating into significant advertising revenue gains. In addition to Animal Planet and ID, we are also seeing growth in several other emerging networks that we're investing incrementally in during 2012, including viewership gains this past quarter of over 20% at the recently re-branded Destination America, 55% viewership gains at Velocity and over 15% gains at the Science Channel. There's been lots of talk about cable channel ratings declines, but when you look at the success across our younger networks, it is clear that our strategy is working. By investing wisely and delivering high-quality content that is unique and engaging, we can grow audience, increase market share and deliver additional value to advertising and affiliate partners. Similarly, as we invest in our emerging networks, we continue to support our 2 established flagship brands, Discovery and TLC. We mentioned on our last call that the third quarter presented some hurdles, with the Olympics and soft ratings early in the quarter. But we captured some real momentum with the most successful Shark Week ever, starting in mid-August on Discovery, and followed that up with the successful return of Sons of Guns and new hits Bering Sea Gold: Under the Ice and Yukon Men, which helped Discovery deliver viewership gains of 8% post Olympics. The fourth quarter is also off to a great start, with October viewership up 13% in primetime, led by the premiere of Gold Rush, which was the #1 show in all of television among adults 25 to 54, beating all the cable and broadcast networks on Friday night. TLC also captured some significant ratings momentum after the Olympics led by the breakout phenomenon, Here Comes Honey Boo Boo, which tapped into cultural zeitgeist and averaged nearly 2.5 million viewers across its season. Honey Boo Boo was not the only success on TLC during the quarter. Long Island Medium returned as the #1 ranked program in its time slot, with viewership more than doubling its first season. Equally as important, we were able to use that success to launch Breaking Amish, which averaged over 3 million viewers and was TLC's highest rated new series in nearly a decade. TLC was up 17% in primetime during September, and that momentum continued into the fourth quarter, with October also delivering 17% growth year-on-year. With Discovery and TLC gaining real programming strength from great original content and with the emerging nets growing their audiences nearly across the board, we were able to deliver our best October ever. Viewership for the overall portfolio was up 17% in primetime, and this increased market share, along with a strong upfront and a scatter market that looks to be relatively healthy, gives us confidence that we can deliver sustained advertising gains moving forward. We're also seeing some impressive growth at our joint ventures. The Hub delivered 62% viewership growth this past quarter in Total Day among kids 2 to 11, its best quarter ever. Lastly, we continue to see big ratings momentum at OWN. Building upon the 18% increase it delivered in the first half the year, OWN grew nearly 60% in the third quarter among women 25 to 54, led by record ratings for its flagship series Oprah's Next Chapter, as well as strong premieres from Iyanla: Fix My Life and Welcome to Sweetie Pie's. In addition, last month, OWN announced a partnership with Tyler Perry, award-winning actor, director, screenwriter, playwright and producer, to become Tyler's exclusive home for all-new television series and projects, demonstrating the power of the Oprah brand to attract some of the biggest names in entertainment. Two of Tyler's series will debut next year and will give the network another strong night to build audience share and launch new franchises. Executing on our investment strategy domestically has allowed us to deliver sustained growth over the last several years in what is obviously a more mature and competitive U.S. market. The more robust opportunity continues to be International, where we are launching new channels, growing audiences and building stronger brands globally as we exploit our unparalleled market position in over 200 countries. Similar to the U.S., we are focusing our investments in areas that represent the biggest opportunities from an audience, advertising and affiliate perspective. A good example over the last few years has been our emphasis on broadening the female demographics across our International platform. The first step was establishing a female flagship brand across the globe, much like we have here in the U.S. Given the vast distribution network already in place, we were confident we could take predominantly existing shelf space, utilize a fair amount of library content and strategically increase our programming commitment to create the #1 most distributed female brand in the world. And we've done just that. Over the last 2 years, our female flagship has been rolled out to over 150 countries, now reaches nearly 300 million subscribers and is delivering real viewership growth, with audience up 51% versus a year ago. As we mentioned on the last call, our most recent initiative, given the success of crime and investigation genre across our existing platforms, is driving the ID brand in markets where we think it will have broad appeal. Last quarter, we launched ID in 38 countries throughout Latin America, and ID is now in over 130 countries globally, reaching more than 60 million subscribers. And we think our investment in this genre will be another growth driver for our International business over the next several years. The investments in TLC and ID, along with further investment in Discovery Kids and targeted local content, has dramatically increased female viewership and, in turn, has enabled us to significantly grow Discovery's share of female-targeted advertising dollars. Another driver of ad growth for us continues to be our targeted investments across Western Europe. While the market is certainly slowing in some of these countries, we continue to deliver double-digit ad growth across Western Europe, led by Real Time and DMAX in Italy, Quest in the U.K. and Discovery MAX in Spain. Our primary investment focus remains strengthening the pay-tv channels across our International footprint, but the free-to-air networks we have launched are an excellent example of our ability to identify market opportunities and exploit them with our globally relevant content. As we look for ways to take additional viewership and advertising share around the world, we continue to exploit the further penetration of pay-tv worldwide. The subscriber base across our International business expanded over 17% versus a year ago led by Brazil and Mexico and Latin America and Russia and Poland in Central and Eastern Europe. With subscribers growing across the globe, we are delivering broad-based affiliate revenue growth with every region this quarter, delivering double-digit gains versus a year ago. Given the relatively low penetration levels worldwide, we fully expect continued pay-tv growth moving forward. But with boots on the ground across the globe as these platforms further proliferate, we are ideally situated to maximize the opportunity they provide. Building new brands and strengthening our global content pipeline to capitalize on our core growth opportunities is still our first strategic priority. However, given the sustained financial momentum, the free cash flow we are generating, the strength of our balance sheet and the growth profile of our company as we invest in our underlying assets, we have also been buying back shares aggressively. Returning capital to shareholders remains a focus, and we will continue to do so if it is the best use of our balance sheet and we will further build shareholder value. Discovery has delivered sustained financial momentum throughout the first 3 quarters of 2012, further demonstrating our ability to capitalize on the opportunities across our global distribution platform and the strength of our current operating environment. At the same time, we are investing further in building out our diverse set of brands and platforms around the world in order to expand our market share and deliver additional value to our shareholders over the long term. And now let me turn the call over to Andy.
Craig Felenstein: Thanks, David. As David touched upon his comments, Discovery's underlying financial momentum continued during the third quarter as we further executed upon our strategic initiatives in a relatively favorable operating environment. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, Discovery delivered another quarter of revenue and OIBDA growth, despite the upside a year ago from the Netflix licensing agreement. On a reported basis, total company revenue was slightly below prior year, but organic revenue growth, which excludes the impact of licensing agreements and currency movements, was up over 8%, led by 15% international growth and complemented by 5% higher domestic revenues. Total operating expenses in the quarter were down 5% compared to the prior year as increased personnel costs were more than offset by our lower impairment charges, the impact of currency and the absence of expenses related to the Netflix agreement a year ago. Excluding the impairment charges, expenses associated with the licensing agreement and the impact of foreign exchange, total company operating expenses increased 3% versus third quarter a year ago. Discovery's continued ability to generate revenue growth in excess of expenses translated into a 4% increase in adjusted OIBDA during the third quarter on a reported basis as margins expanded by almost 200 basis points. Excluding the impact of licensing agreements, impairment charges and foreign currency, adjusted OIBDA grew 14%. Net income from continuing operations decreased to $214 million as the strong operating performance in the current year was more than offset by the net impact of prior year one-time items. Additionally, the current quarter included increased losses at our equity investments, higher mark-to-market share-based compensation, expense due to the appreciation in our share price and increased interest and tax expense. The higher-than-normal tax rate in the quarter was primarily due to a restructuring at our international operations, which will ultimately lower our effective tax rate but which will also marginally raise our tax rate for the next several quarters. Please note that total net income in the current quarter also included a $9 million net of tax loss from discontinued operations through the sale of our Creative Sound Services business. Free cash flow increased 12% to $353 million in the third quarter as the improved operating performance was partially offset by higher content investment and increased cash taxes. As David mentioned, the increased programming spend in the current quarter is certainly paying off in terms of ratings momentum and higher advertising revenue. Important to note, there will be a $50 million to $60 million increase in content expense next year as content amortization catches up with the cash spend in 2012. But we do anticipate programming spending growth will slow considerably in 2013. Now turning to the operating units. The U.S. networks continued to perform well during the third quarter. On a reported basis, total domestic revenues decreased 4% as advertising growth of 7% was more than offset by a decline in distribution revenue due to the execution of the Netflix agreement a year ago. Excluding licensing agreements, total domestic revenue growth and distribution revenue growth were both 5%. As we mentioned on our last earnings call, advertising this quarter was negatively impacted by the Olympics as well as our soft July ratings, but reported ad revenue growth slightly exceeded our mid-single-digit growth guidance primarily due to sustained pricing strength and viewership gains across our portfolio after the Olympics. Current ad market trends continue to be encouraging, with sustained double-digit scatter pricing on top of the gains we garnered during this year's upfront negotiations. We have seen some pockets of softness with regard to volume, but the overall environment remains relatively healthy via some nice rate ratings momentum across many of our networks. As such, excluding a one-time revenue item we recognized in the fourth quarter a year ago, we anticipate ad sales growth in the high single digits this fourth quarter, building upon the impressive 17% organic growth we delivered a year ago. Domestic operating expenses were down 13% from the third quarter of 2011, which included $22 million in higher content impairment charges and $11 million in costs associated with extending and expanding digital licensing agreements. Excluding content impairment charges and costs associated with the digital licensing agreements, operating expenses actually declined 4% compared to a year ago due to lower content amortization and a decrease in marketing spend. On a reported basis, domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 2%. Excluding the impact of licensing agreements and content impairment charges, domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 12% over the prior year. Turning to our international operations. We continue to deliver strong results across our global operations, with reported revenue expanding 7%, led by 8% affiliate and 3% ad growth. Excluding the impact of exchange rates, total revenue growth was 15%, with distribution revenue increasing 16% and advertising revenue up 10%. The affiliate revenue growth, which included 5 percentage points, had benefited from lower launch support amortization, was driven further strong subscriber additions worldwide led by Latin America, with sustained progress in Brazil and Mexico, and by Central and Eastern Europe, with further development in areas such as Russia and Poland. Overall, the Discovery Channel, our most widely distributed network, expanded its subscribers 8% internationally versus a year ago. On the advertising front, despite some meaningful slowdown during the Olympics, Discovery delivered growth across nearly all regions, led by double-digit gains in Western Europe, mainly from their free-to-air initiatives David mentioned. We also saw a nice growth in the quarter in Latin America. It is expected that advertising growth will accelerate into the mid-teens in Q4 as these one-time items abate. Operating costs at national were up 1% on a reported basis and 9% excluding the impact of foreign currency, primarily driven by higher content amortization, as well as increased personnel and infrastructure costs due to additional investment in growth initiatives and the build-out of our global platform to support our long-term growth expectations. Our International segment delivered 16% adjusted OIBDA growth, excluding the currency impact as our International team continued to generate strong revenue increases by thoughtfully investing in key growth initiatives. Turning to our full year forecast. We are adjusting our revenue expectations to reflect the disposal of the Creative Sound Services business as we now expect full year revenues to be between $4.475 billion and $4.525 billion. As we mentioned on our last call, we anticipated adjusted OIBDA growth to return to double digits in the fourth quarter, with full year guidance between $2.125 billion and $2.15 billion. While we are leaving the bottom end of the OIBDA range unchanged, as always, our overall OIBDA guidance is subject to meaningful changes in foreign exchange rates, ratings delivery and the advertising environment. In addition to revenue, we are also adjusting net income expectations to reflect the higher stock compensation expense as a result of the increased stock price as well as the higher tax rate I mentioned earlier. Net income from continuing operations is now expected to be between $975 million and $1.025 billion. With a strong balance sheet that includes almost $1.6 billion in cash and with our sustained positive financial and operating performance, we continue to return capital to shareholders through execution of our share repurchase program. Our first priority remains investing in our core business to drive sustained long-term growth, be it through investment in existing networks and platforms or through exploring external initiatives. Given that we have not yet found sufficient opportunities with attractive financial returns, we accelerated utilizing the cash from the balance sheet, as well as cash generated from operations, to repurchase shares in the quarter. Discovery repurchased over $450 million of stock during the third quarter, including $383 million of Class C shares and $71 million of Class A shares. We still prefer buying them for economical security but given SEC volume limitations and the attractiveness in our securities, we will continue to repurchase both classes of stock as need be. We have bought back over $1.1 billion under our share repurchase program through the end of the third quarter 2012. And since November of 2010, we have repurchased almost 70 million shares in total, reducing the outstanding share count by over 16%. That's it. Thanks again for your time this morning. And now David and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Please stand by for your first question, which comes from the line of John Janedis from UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's John Janedis. David, the free-to-air networks have been a great driver in Europe. Is there any way you can help us size the growth for you versus maybe the growth in the markets where you operate them? And in what inning do you think we're in on the growth curve there?
David M. Zaslav: The free-to-air has really helped us in a slow market in Western Europe, no doubt. And it's because our model is quite good. We own all the content in those markets. And in particular, those markets have small pay-tv. So we're able to take content that only a small amount of the population has seen. And we'll pick up a stick or a broadcast network at a very low price, and then we could put content that cost us very little. For instance in Spain, we have very little original content; it's almost all library. And we've seen a lot of growth with Discovery MAX in Spain, and it's continuing to accelerate. Real Time in Italy is continuing to grow. It's now the #7 network in all of Italy. We also launched a men's network in Italy and our German free-to-air. It's a small piece of our overall strategy, but it's been very healthy for us because our costs are very low. And we have teams on the ground. They're already setting across multiple channels. And so it's given us a more heft and it's given us a more scale in those markets. It's not -- it really only works in markets were that pay-tv market is quite small. But we're starting to -- we are continuing to see growth, and I think that will help us over the next year or 2 in Western Europe. And when the market actually starts to pick up, you'll see an acceleration because of the number of channels that we have in that market.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And maybe a separate question. You talked about increasing the number of hours in some of the emerging nets. Are we at a point now where there's more room to ad hours there? And has there been maybe much of a change in your cost per hour given the success of the programming?
David M. Zaslav: One of the things that we do is, first, we have a different strategy than a number of other media companies. We're real believers that you could still build channels, and with good stories and good creative people and great characters, you can attract real audiences to these new channels. We've had real success by investing in Animal Planet, in Science, ID, which is now the #6 network in America for women. And so we have been investing in about 7 channels, but we have 13. And so what we're trying to do is in the channels that we haven't figured out yet exactly how to grow, we're reducing our spend. And on the channels that we think we have the right recipe, we're increasing it. One of the advantages we have with the channels that we've been leaning into, which is ID and Animal Planet and Science, is that all 3 of them play very well around the world. We have Science now in over 150 countries. We've launched ID in the last year to over 130 countries. And we have Animal Planet in almost 200. And so when we invest, we view it as a worldwide investment because we could take it all over the world. But we are very careful, and in some of the channels that aren't generating significant value, where we don't feel like we have the right brand or the right recipe, we're holding back.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of David Bank from RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: The first question is on your guidance or your discussion of ad trends in the fourth quarter, you've kind of called out mid-single digits x a one-timer -- or I think high single digits x a one-timer in the fourth quarter. Could you just remind us of what that -- order of magnitude and what it was? The second question is, it's tough to get specific about one network, but I'm going to try and take another pass at it. Can you give us a sense of what percent of the growth of the overall business over the last couple of years that ID has driven and what is the likelihood that once that starts to kind of slow down, you see Destination America and you see Velocity, basically that you see catching lightning in a bottle and not worrying about anniversary-ing the lightning in a bottle of ID?
David M. Zaslav: I'll take the second question. And then, Andy, you.
Andrew C. Warren: Sure.
David M. Zaslav: On ID, I think we really have a very strong horse here that's going to deliver sustainable growth for a long period of time even if the ratings don't grow and they grew 30% in the last quarter, and we expect they will grow aggressively because we have a strong niche and we've seen growth every week and every month for the past 4 years. But the reason is that the CPM that we're able to get for that, for ID, is still quite low. And because of the way that the marketplace works domestically and internationally, it takes a few years before you can earn up the full value of your CPM. And so we started ID, when we flipped it from Discovery Times, it was probably getting 1/3 of the CPM that a successful cable network gets. And so little by little, we've been pushing it. And we've had some success, but a lot of the upside over the next 2 to 3 years -- I mean, right now the kind of ratings that we're delivering in daytime in women is just very valuable and the spread between what other cable networks are getting and what we're getting is really very, very significant. And so that'll take a couple of years. We also think we'll get the growth of that. And in terms of the amount of growth that it's provided for us in the last few years, it's small. In fact, there's been margin compression over the last few years because we've been investing in ID. And so the next 2, 3 and 4 years is when you're going to see the big benefit of that because we have successful series that are returning, but more importantly, the CPM is growing and it continues to grow every month and we're going to be patient with it. But that's going to be a sustainable grower for us. But behind that, we do have a number of networks that are continuing to grow. We have Science Channel that's growing very effectively for us. Animal Planet was the #30 or 32 network in America for men. It's broken now; it's now the #18 network for men in September. And so we're seeing a lot of growth because we're believers in investing in our content and the creative teams that we have here at the company. And if you take a look at where we are, we've said that we're trying -- over the last several years we're going to drive Discovery. We felt we were the best platform media company in the world, but what we really needed to do is build the right creative culture. And we think we're well on our way to doing that. And our strategy was to lay low in the Olympics and then come out strong with our creative content and build from there. We were strong out of the Olympics. We had a great September. And October was the best October Discovery has ever had. We were up 17% across the board in an industry, a cable industry, that was down a few percentage points and broadcast down. And so I think we're going to continue to push on that. But if we can continue to grow our market share like that over the next several months, in 1 year or 2 ahead, you're going to see very big sustainable growth, particularly as we take a lot of that content around the world. So Andy, on the...
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, David, regarding your question of the one-time item a year ago, in the fourth quarter we announced or disclosed that we had about $5 million one-time pickup from ADU [ph] recognition kind of in the fourth quarter. That's non-recurring on the fourth quarter this year.
Operator: Your next question we have comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have one for each of you. David, could you just give us your thought process on M&A in general? And along the lines of what you've discussed on this call, on the free-to-air, how do you think about the free-to-air acquisitions versus pay-tv when you think about stuff outside the U.S.?
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Well, we've been very careful because we're looking -- we only want to buy assets if we think they can help us grow faster because we have so much sustainable growth we think in the 13 channels we have here in the U.S. and maybe more importantly, in terms of our strategy, our international advantage. But the key to our company is dual revenue stream. That's the key to our domestic and international business. The reason why we're so profitable with free-to-air is because we have 8, 10, 11 dual revenue stream channels in a lot of these markets that we've been in for 5 or 10 years and we have a ton of content that's all paid for in those markets. And so free-to-air is really a very different model than when you think about free-to-air. We're not buying a free-to-air channel and then creating original content and buying content. So for us, free-to-air there is sort of an accessory, and I think long term it will stay that way. And free-to-air is not the core of how we see ourselves as a company. So -- and as we look at M&A, I would say -- as I've said over the last few years, our #1 target is international. We've grown our International business from 2007, we were making $250 million. This year, we'll make significantly more than $700 million. Our margins are expanding. The subscribers are growing. We're well positioned. But most importantly, we've got great teams on the ground in most markets now selling for us, and I'm spending over 40% of my time outside the U.S. because I think that's a lot of where the future and the differentiator of our company is. So to the extent that we could find assets outside the U.S. that'll help us grow faster, that we can evaluate quickly, that we have real synergy with, that would be our first priority. Having said that, we haven't been -- we don't want to overpay and we haven't been able to find those assets yet, but we're hopeful.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then the second question is, actually I just want to follow up on a comment that Andy made earlier about advertising. You said something about volume being softer. On the other hand, it sounds like given your ratings, your upfront performance, you guys are doing okay. I just wanted you to clarify what you meant by that.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Jessica, we've had a few weeks of softness in early October. It's stronger now and the volume has picked up. But there were a couple of weeks in the early parts of October that were a little soft.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. One for David or one topic for David. I think you're probably starting to get deeper in the negotiations with distributors on renewals. I think you've noted about 20% distribution up at year-end 2012. So I'd be interested in any characterization you would share of how those negotiations -- discussions are going. I mean, do they understand the value that Discovery has created since the renewals? Are they looking at value the same way you're looking at value? Anything you could share would be helpful.
David M. Zaslav: Okay, great. We have a little bit less than 20% of our deals coming up and they come up over the next 5 years. But we feel very good about where we are. Our ratings across the board on our channels have never been this strong. Discovery is very solid. TLC has broken out. We have Animal Planet, strong. Maybe more importantly, as you look at all the additional channels we have, we have Discovery Español, the #1 channel to the Hispanic audience for men. We have Science with a great affinity audience. We have Velocity with an affinity male audience, so we have ID with middle-aged and older women. So we have a great diversity. We have great affinity groups. But more importantly, it's a far cry from where we were when we did our deals, where we had a strong Discovery, when TLC was the #20 or 25 network in America and then we had 11 more channels. And so all of our channels come up at once. Our market share was about 4%. Now it's over 9% and growing. And we have a great equitable argument, where we have reduced the overall cost of how we spend our money everywhere but content and brand. And we're spending a lot more money on our channels. And it's delivering for the operators. And so we feel that this is a good moment for us. It's been our strategy to make our channel stronger than grow our market share. And I think it's happening at a very good time. And we expect that it will be recognized with meaningful value from the distributors because they're meaningful value from us.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And I know I'm sort of chasing the question that you're not in a position that you necessarily want to answer for investors at this point in time. But I mean, can you point us to the right direction as to how we should think about value? If we use your ratings, as you said, your market share has more than doubled, but I imagine the expectation isn't that you're going to double your rates. I mean, is there I think you can point us to that we can use for the math behind what we should think the rate increases would be?
David M. Zaslav: We don't like to talk about negotiations. What I would say is that we think that we should be getting significantly more value from the operators for our channels. That value will come primarily in terms of increased sub fees. But there are other ways that the distributors can give us value, either with -- for instance ID was in 48 million homes 4 years ago; today it's in 80 million homes, Science was in 45 million homes; today it's in 72 million homes. So more carriage for our channels as well. But we're in some of those negotiations. We're looking forward to them. In addition, there are a number of operators that are interested in TV Everywhere. We haven't done TV Everywhere deals with anybody. The good news for us is we own all of our content. We created a new window for Netflix, which is working quite well for us, primarily 1.5 years to 2 years and older. The TV Everywhere window is tighter than that. And that, if we do reach deals, that will provide additional value and that could potentially accelerate when we do our deals. And one of the things that you see in the performance of the company is a little lumpiness in the way that the Netflix deal comes through. It's a very favorable deal for us. That deal -- we haven't seen any degradation in audience. In fact, for some of the series that we've provided that are much older, we're seeing some lift. And as you know, we have a right next year in the beginning of the year to opt in to another year of the Netflix deal on very attractive terms, which if we elect would then be again lumpy with a very big lump next year for that additional year that we opt in to.
Andrew C. Warren: Just to add one comment to David's notion on Netflix. While that not only gives us great opportunity to monetize some of our library, it is very lumpy from a P&L perspective. But from a cash flow perspective, it's extraordinary. And those cash flows are more steady throughout the period of time. So it allows us to really maximize the value of our cash flow. And if you look at the third quarter, our free cash flow was up 12%. That's very much driven by that. And so the cash flows of Netflix really is -- and Amazon, both really have a great cash profile.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just had a clarification question for Andy and then a bigger picture one for David. Andy, just on the programming cost for next year, can you just repeat what you said? I just -- I think I missed it. I know you said it was up 15% next year?
Andrew C. Warren: No, Ben, what we said was programming expense to be up $50 million to $60 million next year as we amortize the increased investment we made this year. So as I've said, I think on this call and prior calls, we have invested in content this year, obviously getting a great payback on that, given our international growth and given the ratings we're seeing across our platforms. But we will have an amort pickup next year as we expense the cash we spent this year. But very importantly, we expect next year's cash spend to be reduced significantly from this year. A lot of that is driven by the fact we've increased the number of original hours on our core programs, so therefore, we don't have as much of that next year year-over-year, so we should have a much more levelized [ph] low level of cash increase on CapEx.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And I don't know if you have it in front of you, but do you have what the content expense and cash growth will be in '12, so we have the base?
Andrew C. Warren: Well, it's double digit on both. And so the expectation is double-digit increase on amort next year, but low-single digit on cash next year.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then, David, one of the things that everyone's focused on beyond the macro is just what's happening with ratings trend. And I was wondering if you could chime in on that. It's obviously focused on the broadcasters. But is it something that you think is benefiting your business currently in the fourth quarter? And do you see the ratings erosion as a sign of a measurement issue or maybe something larger that is impacting the business? We'd love to get your thoughts.
David M. Zaslav: It's hard to tell. I think that our strategy clearly is different. We have invested significantly in about 7 channels. Primarily 6.5 years ago, when I got here, this company was primarily Discovery. And so we've invested in TLC, which is now a top 5 network for women. We've invested in Animal Planet. We've invested in ID, a top 10 network in America. We've invested in Velocity, Destination America, OWN. So we're believers. We believe that viewers are not -- that if our strategy was just to make sure that we held or would grow 1 network or 2 networks, that, that -- that a better bet is to try and grow those 2 networks, but also invest in a number of other brands that people get comfortable with and spend time with. And it's been working for us domestically and internationally. I think it helps that as you look at the way people watch television, on Friday night, we're the #1 network for women on TLC, we're the #1 network for women on Sunday nights, that often when you ask women what shows they watch, they can name one show. But they know that TLC gets them and that's the place to go. The same thing for Discovery on several nights. People love ID and they can't name the shows, but they just want to hang out there. And so I think that the fact that people are spending more time with brands on television, and as you see broadcast coming down, we're seeing real growth. And so we believe that, that's probably going to continue. I can't speak to what's going to happen to broadcast, but we certainly see a trend that our brands are growing. And a better job we do with the characters and the stories and understanding who our audience is on each of these channels, we're able to grow. I mean, 17% growth in October is really significant, but if you look at the last 3 years, our market share has grown virtually -- has grown literally every quarter over the last 3 years, and we're starting to accelerate now. We did have a soft patch, which we talked about, at Discovery and TLC, which it showed itself in this quarter. In July, TLC and Discovery were soft, and we made a very determined strategy that we were not going to use our best content during the Olympics, particularly after the first day or 2 where the Olympics came out strong. So we -- domestically and internationally, we said we would stand down. But our strategy was as soon as the Olympics ended, we were going to come back strong and we believed because the audience was disenfranchised in terms of what they watch and how they watch it for 3 weeks, because everyone was watching the Olympics, that we would be able to pick up market share. And it has really worked for us and it's accelerating. And so we're going to continue with that strategy because I think that's how we're going to grow domestically and around the world.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Todd Juenger from Sanford Bernstein.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: One quick one on OWN again. I just wondered if you could maybe reconcile for us or help us understand. The ratings are just so high. I guess I'm somewhat surprised to see the increase in the loss line of the Other. I don't know if there's other stuff in there or something about the timing. But just given how strong the ratings are, that big sequential increase in the loss, anything you could help us with what's going on there would be number one. And then second, just a quick one. On the tax stuff, Andy, we knew you're working on that. I guess some of us forgot that sometimes to make progress you've got to take a step backwards. Do you have an idea, just -- I'm not asking for a long term forecast, but just how big if you could bound sort of the magnitude of where you think the tax rate could come down to you over the long term, just some indication of how the size of an opportunity you think that is?
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. Todd, on the first question regarding OWN, the losses were higher but they were noncash losses. The first part of the loss we knew about. We talked it in the last call about higher marketing and we're getting a payback, now if you look at the 60% increase in ratings. The second part there, the losses that flowed through Other income line, were content write-offs at OWN. As the new content is performing so well, we're just writing off some old library products. And so that's flowing through that. But again it's important to note that's noncash. The real key emphasis on OWN right now is the progress we're making on the funding piece. In the first half of OWN, we funded $84 million; in the third quarter, only $29 million; and in the fourth quarter we look for less than that. So we're clearly in line with our 2012 funding being less than '11. And so the progress we're making there both from an operating and ratings perspective is tremendous. But really from a cash flow perspective we're really right on, if not better than, what we highlighted 6 months ago.
David M. Zaslav: And when you think about OWN, not only is the overall performance, economic performance, stronger, but the ratings are stronger and there is this moment where you're fighting to get people -- people only watch 6 or 8 channels, you're fighting to get people to spend time with your channel. And OWN has begun to really find a rhythm. The length of view is the second highest in our portfolio, so when people find it, they hang with it and they like it. Oprah has been very -- working very hard. She's on the air much more often. But more importantly, we're getting a lot of our rating points right now from Ilanya and from Sweetie Pie's and from a lot of the other original hours that we have on OWN. And we're -- our hit rate is dramatically higher. We were trying to figure out what OWN is and with a lot of time by the leadership there, Sheri Salata and Erik Logan and Oprah herself, and talking to the audience through oprah.com. We have a good sense of what they want. Now we're giving it to them. And so let's get the stuff out that's wrong. Let's do more of what's right. And then when you add to that, as a topping, Tyler Perry, maybe one of the great talents in Hollywood because he writes, he produces, he stars in. We went down to visit his facility in Atlanta. He does it all himself. We writes it all himself and he has a great relationship with Oprah. This is something that Oprah really wanted. We really wanted it. Tyler wanted it. I think it's going to create more balance, more humor, more diversity on the network. And if you think about it, Tyler Perry and Oprah Winfrey together on OWN. And so we're feeling quite good about that and next year will be a good year.
Andrew C. Warren: And, Todd, regarding your tax comment. It's well said. You often take a step back to move forward on tax. We did transfer intangible assets from the U.S. to the U.K. Those transfers had some temporary increases in the effective tax rate based on how we recognized that transfer, if there's a gain associated with that. But long term the effective tax rate goes down from that and there's other things we're pursuing as well given our global structures. So what I can say is this: today we're about a 36% effective tax rate both cash and effective. My goal is really to get that down 700 basis points and the goal being kind of the low 30s.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have one housekeeping for Andy and then one for David, thematically. Andy, if you could just give us a help on the adjustments you made for your outlook. How big was Creative Sound Services in terms of the change and how big was the mark-to-market in terms of your updates? So when you guys adjusted your view for net income this year, can you help us with those moving pieces?
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. Well, the Creative Sound Services was about $75 million of revenue and so that's fully eliminated. The mark-to-market is about $20 million given the increase in our stock price. And so those are kind of the 2 higher. And then tax, the tax is slightly higher based on the adjustments I just talked about. The transfer of some of the intangibles creates a short-term effective tax rate increase.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Because I certainly know the revenues, and we assume like mid -- your double-digit margin is basically 15%, 20% for your sound solutions -- sorry, Sound Services?
Andrew C. Warren: Oh, no. That was basically a profit-neutral business.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. So that doesn't really hit net income? Okay. And then, David, a question for you. You guys have been so successful in investment in programming. Look at the growth you have globally in ratings. Why would you want to slow down cash spending next year? Why not keep going at the level you've spent. And is there a chance that you'll revisit that if things change for programming next year?
David M. Zaslav: Yes, first, we've been finding a lot of success, Michael with -- we have 3 series on TLC that are getting almost a 3 rating, some of -- 2 of them getting actually over a 3 rating. We have a lot of returning series. And for us unlike a lot of the other models, when we get returning series, the additional cost on return is not that high. And we won't have to go out and look for a lot more content on a number of these brands because we have a lot more returning, and so that's pretty efficient. And we're not going to be reducing. We just -- the increase is going to be -- we're not going to need to increase in a meaningful way. If we feel that we do because there's a big opportunity, we will. But we're getting -- we're much more efficient. We've also worked very hard over the last several years to get really good creative teams in place. We've made lots of mistakes. We've learned from those mistakes. And so -- and we have a really good sense of the brands at this point, probably much better than we ever have. It's still a hit or miss business, but we're feeling much better about where we are. And with more returning, we have much more confidence in the sustainability. When you look at Discovery, 4 years ago, it was Dirty Jobs, it was Man vs. Wild and it was MythBusters. Today, we have 5 series now that -- some of those are gone, and we have 5 series that are bigger than all 3 of those put together. Gold Rush is bigger than 3 of those series all put together. And so our series are fresher. And that's true across the board with ID. Henry's got a great formula. So we just think we could be more efficient and effective and less waste.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Richard Greenfield from BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. One, when you look at Hub, curious how your agreement with Hasbro works. If Hasbro was in any event acquired by a third party, how does that impact The Hub and in its access to content and characters related to Hasbro? And then just two, David, you spoke about your excitement surrounding Tyler Perry and what that's going to do to OWN ratings. Just curious in terms of -- it seems like there's a change relative to kind of the original kind of lead-your-best-life aspirational side. And I was wondering as you look at OWN and how you're positioning it with advertisers, is this now going to be more of a general entertainment network, like a TBS where this programming has been before. Just wondering kind of how you're going to position it from an ad rate and sub rate card perspective.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. The Hub is doing great, by the way. It's up over 60% in the last quarter, and Margaret Loesch is doing a terrific job. Quickly, we have great optionality if the company was to be acquired. We have kind of one-way optionality in terms into what we do, which gives us some good flexibility. But the business is doing very well, and we're happy with it. On Tyler Perry, it's really consistent with their vision. If anything, we were much too teachy [ph] and preachy and earnest when we started. And the mission for Oprah and I now is that we have a lot of great stuff like Super Soul Sunday and Life Class and Master Class. But we also -- we're having a lot of fun with Sweetie Pie's and with Tyler's type of stuff and with lot of content that's on there. And the audience said to us, "We want to have fun, we want to laugh, we want to see families. We want to see families struggle and we want to see families have fun. And we want some comedy." And so Tyler I think fits squarely within. And we're also getting a very large African-American audience on OWN, dramatic African-American audience. There was -- when Oprah interviewed Rihanna, we had more African-American women watching OWN than ABC, NBC, CBS and FOX put together. And so Tyler appeals to everyone, but that appeal to the African-American audience will be another helper.
Operator: The next question we have comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just have one quick one left for Andy, which is, did you guys -- and I'm sorry if you did this -- did you update your 2012 free cash flow guidance number, Andy? And then as you look into 2013, I guess, is there anything changing as you -- as I compare net income to free cash flow in the model, is there anything that would sort of change that general ratio in terms of working capital or cash versus noncash as we look into 2013? Just trying to get free cash flow in the model accurate.
Andrew C. Warren: Okay. We did not actually update the free cash flow, Anthony. But it's still looking at about $1 billion for 2012. With regard to '13, we'll provide more perspective on '13 on the year-end call. But the only thing I'll highlight as far as a different thought as you model year-over-year, think in terms of less, well, a slight increase in content spend, certainly less of an increase than we had in 2012. So it will be slightly up but up a whole lot less than we had this year. But again, we'll provide much more perspective and granularity on that on the year-end call.
Operator: The next question we have comes from Alexia Quadrani's line from JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm just following up on your comments really about the advertising market. I think you mentioned it slowed a bit in early October and then strengthened a bit. I guess, sort of just going back, would you say that the fourth quarter advertising market, the health of it scatter-over-scatter is still a little bit stronger than it was in Q3 or not necessarily given the slow start?
David M. Zaslav: Yes, the domestic advertising market, it feels quite strong now. There was a period for about 2 weeks where the volume, the pricing was there, but the volume wasn't there. We did hold price. But the volume has come back and the price is still more than double-digit over high double-digit over upfront. And so we're feeling good about that domestically. Internationally this quarter, we had 10% ad growth, which for us was a drop. But we have good visibility into next quarter. And we expect that it will be mid-teen -- well in the mid-teens or better. The market feels quite strong for us. As you look at last quarter, we faced a couple of issues. One was the Olympics. We clearly made the strategy that we weren't going to do original programming domestically or around the world, and so that hurt us. It hurt us I think in a good way because we've come back strong, but there's no question that those 3 weeks did have an impact. And the fact that the Olympics went across most of Europe in real time probably had more of an impact than maybe something like Brazil will have, which was a different time zone and the Winter Olympics is always much smaller. In addition, interestingly, we found strength in most markets with the exception of Asia. So really what it was, was the Olympics in Asia. And Asia was 2 or 3 campaigns that moved out of the third quarter. And so we saw a significant movement. Asia now looks good, and we feel good about next quarter, when we expect that we'll be returning to mid-teens or better. And you'll see the growth trajectory continue as you would expect.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I would assume foreign exchange is probably a bit less of a hit in the fourth quarter, is that fair?
Andrew C. Warren: Well, that's only an expectation. Right now, we don't have a preview on where rates are going. FX has been a real bad guy for us this year. I mean, a multi-tens of millions of impact on OIBDA. And we have so many different moving currencies that affect us. So today, that's been certainly negative impact, but right now we're not looking at or forecasting any big change between now and year end.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Morris from Davenport & Company.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: I'll try to be quick here. One on International, one on Oprah. Your subscriber base growth was 17% internationally but your affiliates and ads are both below that, I assume because you're growing more in lower-priced markets. What's the outlook for that turning into a tailwind at some point? Is it simply a question of the health of the macro economy in those markets or is that something that you can see, say, within the next year or 2, where you're growing faster than the subscriber growth? And then I have one quick follow-up.
David M. Zaslav: Yes, Michael, that is what we're seeing, so for instance, Brazil and Mexico are growing aggressively, but they're going after the C Class. And so where we might have in Brazil, we have 11 channels. And we have 5 of the top 20 channels in Brazil. And all of those channels were carried, but we made the decision that in order to kind of opt in to the C Class, where they're only offering 25 channels, that we would allow for 4 or 5 of our channels to be carried out of 20 or 25 or 30 rather than trying to push 11, because we didn't think we'd get them all in. Others have decided not to participate and we think that was a mistake because we're seeding our brands all around the world and we're putting our best brands forward in those smaller tiers. And what's happening is not so much in Brazil, but more in Mexico and more in Russia, that those little by little, there's a kind of a grow-up where you start with your 30 channels and then they're trying to get you to come up to the 50 or the 60. And so we'll get the advantage of that. And we'll also continue to get the advantage of the growth, but a lot of the growth is in C Class in some of these emerging markets. And so we may be getting less, but the growth is really substantial and it's important that we're a part of it and it builds our relationship with the distributors in all those markets because we have actually more market share among the C Class because of the strategy of pushing down into it.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And over on OWN, I know you guys have targeted breakeven next year. When you look at the difference between now and then and what's going to drive that, can you give a little insight on how much is coming from, let's say, distribution growth versus ad growth versus cost control as you get from where you are now to getting to that breakeven point?
Andrew C. Warren: Well, Michael, I mean clearly the business is performing at or better than we had hoped it would and when we provided that perspective 6 months ago, we're right in line with again if not better than we had thought. But we're not going to really get into 2013 right now. Just to clarify, we really talked about a breakeven in the second half of '13. And we'll update some of that perspective and guidance on the year-end call. But the business is clearly performing and performing at or better than we had hoped.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of with Vasily Karasyov from Susquehanna Financial Gr.
Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: It's Vasily Karasyov from Susquehanna. Andy, what should we expect in terms of pace of buyback. Will it change depending on the stock price? Some of your peers made comments recently that it does impact them. And then, David, you mentioned when you were discussing how you re-purposed a lot of successful networks that you made some mistakes. A little bit -- just curious to hear some of those lessons learned over the past several years?
Andrew C. Warren: Sure. Well, Vasily, on the stock repurchase, like what you saw, we did over $450 million in the third quarter. Now as we look at how we allocate capital, first and foremost is to drive organic growth. Secondly, it's about finding perhaps the right acquisition and the right allocation of capital preferably internationally. And then thirdly, if we maximize the first 2, we'll continue to look at returning capital to shareholders through share repurchase program. So look, I've had a bullish view on this. I use free cash flow per share as the model we use internally to determine kind of the IRR. And to date, that's been a good return for us and we continue to be an active buyer of our stock. If you look at the -- in the October timeframe, we had a predetermined grid going into October because that's a close window for us. And as the stock performed nicely and went up, we're buying fewer shares as you would expect from a grid like that. But look, for us it's all about forward-looking free cash flow per share and buying off that to expectation, with again that being the third allocation of capital relative to organic growth and acquisitions.
David M. Zaslav: I think some of the best things that we've done at Discovery is create a culture where you raise your hand and you say that what you felt was your best idea is not the best idea. Ultimately, the best idea's what audience likes and what nourishes them in our business. So when I got here, TLC was the #23 or 24 in American. And we hired a whole team to go out to LA, and it was my strategy that if we made TLC sexier and cooler and hipper that we'd go from the #24 channel to a top 10 channel. We did that, and 6 months later, TLC was the #30 or 32 network in America. We lost 1/3 of our audience and the people that loved TLC left. And we took a hard look at what the TLC brand was and what we did wrong, and it led us to a great recipe. What we did wrong was that TLC is about middle America, it's about real values, it's about heart, it's about great storytelling, about families that live a life that's different than the way they live in New York and LA. And I had to go back to the board and say, I made a mistake. This isn't the right team. We got to make a change. We hired Eileen O'Neill. We drilled down for another 3 months on what the brand was. And we found a very unique strategy in TLC, which is forget New York and LA. TLC is about middle America and it's about heart. And here we are now. We had one point last month where 3 nights a week we were the #1 cable network in America for women with Honey Boo Boo, with wedding programming on Friday and on Sunday night with Long Island Medium and Breaking Amish. Sunday night's still the most competitive night on TV. We're averaging over a 3. So that was one. Two was Planet Green, which I really thought that I looked at FOX News, I looked at the fact that it was a new idea of having an affinity group that was built-in, that was had a certain way of looking at the world and that we could do the same thing by creating a channel called Planet Green that was about the environment. And we spent a fair amount of money and we had to raise our hand and say it's not working. And so we shut it down and we relaunched it as Destination America and we spoke to the audience about what they want, we spoke to advertisers and distributors and we came up with Destination America and it's up dramatically and we're making more money. And so that's the way the culture works here. And I think we've gotten better at it. It even works on a micro basis. We waste a lot of money by continuing to do shows that we think are good ideas but halfway through we figure out are not so good. But we continue to do them. And so we now have a creative culture that's more about raising their hands and say, "Let's shoot this, it isn't going to work and let's do something that the audience is going to like better."
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, everyone, for joining us. And please call Adam or myself for any follow-up questions. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein David M. Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter 2 2012 Discovery Communications Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ben, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Craig Felenstein, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Discovery Communications Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. Hopefully, you have all received the earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy, after which, we will open the call up to your questions. We urge you to please keep to 1 or 2 questions, so we can accommodate as many folks as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Discovery delivered another strong quarter during Q2 as the strategic initiatives we have been driving across the company, over the last several years, are generating significant financial growth. At the same time, we are continuing to capitalize on the growth of Pay TV globally and a macro ad environment that remains healthy throughout the vast majority of the 200-plus countries we operate in. Discovery's consistent focus on investing in our global platform, building new brands and leveraging additional growth opportunities resulted in another quarter of double-digit OIBDA growth, excluding the impact of foreign currency. The steps we have taken to broaden our global content offerings are helping to drive international expansion, while domestically, we are generating significant returns from sustained programming initiatives and audience growth, especially across our developing networks. Andy will discuss the specifics behind our financial performance in a moment, but before he does, let me take a few moments to highlight some of the initiatives contributing to our sustained operational and financial success. You've heard us talk in the past about Discovery's long-term strategy of investing in bigger, stronger brands and the highest quality nonfiction content. We've increased our success base content costs by about 7% or 8% annually over the last 4 or 5 years. This sustained investment in programming is delivering market share growth worldwide, and given the continued strength in the advertising market across the globe, we have been able to generate 13% total company organic growth in the second quarter. The biggest contributor to this growth in percentage terms is our International business, which generated local ad growth of 22% this quarter. This business is a true differentiator for Discovery, and the significant advertising growth highlights the opportunity we have to exploit our global infrastructure by launching new channels, growing our audience and building stronger brands. There is no better example than the global rollout of TLC, which most of you are familiar with by now. Over the last 2 years, we established TLC as another global flagship. TLC is the #1 most distributed women's brand in the world. It is now in over 150 countries, is making money and we are only in the early stages of its growth cycle. But that's just one example. We have a robust portfolio of 26 brands, 137 networks and 170 feeds around the world, and we are strategically investing in content to further capitalize on our market opportunities to drive audience and advertising growth. Our latest initiative is to drive the ID brand in markets where we think it will have broad appeal. Earlier this month, we rebranded Liv, our fully distributed entertainment channel, in 38 countries throughout Latin America, to ID. After seeing the success of crime and investigation genre across our existing platforms. We are already seeing a larger audience on that channel. ID is now in over 100 countries globally, and we think this can be another growth driver for our International business over the next several years. One of the unique aspects of our international growth story is that it is broad-based, with continued growth this quarter from every one of our regions. I know there is some concern in the marketplace regarding ad trends in Western Europe. And while the market is certainly slowing, we have been able to continue to deliver ad growth, led by our free-to-air revenues, most notably Real Time, which is now the #8 network in all of Italy, DMAX in Italy, Quest in the U.K., and our most recent launch, Discovery MAX, in Spain. Free-to-air revenues were up nearly 80% this quarter and have helped maintain a strong growth trajectory in markets where Pay TV growth is slowing, and we have deep content libraries. These channels are still growing market share significantly. While free-to-air networks are not our primary focus, they are an excellent example of our ability to identify market opportunities and exploit them with our globally relevant content. The other component to our continued 20%-plus ad growth is the further penetration of Pay TV worldwide. The subscriber base across our international business expanded over 15% versus a year ago, and the combination of a more robust program offering, a larger addressable audience, together is driving substantial viewership growth and, in turn, advertising gains. While advertising is growing more on a percentage basis, the largest absolute driver of International growth continues to be affiliate revenue gains. And much like our ad revenue growth, our distribution revenue is broad-based, with double-digit increases across nearly every region, most notably Latin America and Central and Eastern Europe. Latin America is our fastest-growing region, with subscribers growing over 20% versus a year ago, led by Brazil, which added almost 1 million subscribers in Q2 alone. We fully expect further Pay TV growth moving forward, given the low penetration worldwide. And with boots on the ground across the globe, as these platforms continue to proliferate, we are ideally situated to maximize the opportunity they provide. While the domestic cable business is obviously more mature than the international market, we continue to deliver strong growth as we take market share and leverage the power of our existing and burgeoning brands. Over the past few years, we have taken deliberate steps to broaden our portfolio and take advantage of the shelf space our 14 domestic networks provide. Since 2006, we have launched 7 new networks off of our existing distribution: ID, Destination America, Velocity, OWN, Fit & Health, Discovery Familia and The Hub. There's been lots of talk about cable channel ratings declines, but when you look to the success of our new networks, it is apparent that if you invest wisely and deliver high-quality content that is unique and engaging, you can grow your audience and deliver increasing value to advertising and affiliate partners. There is no better example of this than Investigation Discovery, which continued its meteoric growth this quarter, expanding its audience by 41% in total day among its key women 25 to 54 demo. Despite only 30% awareness among Pay TV subscribers, ID, in less than 4 years, has become a top 10 network for women 25 to 54, and in daytime, a top 6 network for women, with only fully distributed networks ahead of it. It is one of the longest lengths of tune in all of television, remains the fastest-growing network in all of cable in 2012 and has clearly become another flagship network for us. Equally as important, we are translating that viewership gains into substantial advertising growth. And while we have made considerable progress in increasing the pricing and volume on this network, we still have a significant ways to go to achieve parity, with the ratings ID is delivering today. ID was not alone in ratings success this past quarter. Animal Planet and Science each grew adult 25 to 54 audience over 15%. And our most recent launch, Destination America, was up nearly 50% in June, following its May 28 launch. We also saw continued ratings momentum at our joint ventures. The Hub delivered 54% growth this past quarter in total day among kids 2 to 11, its best quarter ever. And OWN built upon the 14% growth it delivered in the first quarter, with over 20% growth among women 25 to 54 in Q2 and well over 50% growth thus far in Q3. With all 8 of its charter advertising partners re-upping during upfront negotiations and ratings performance exceeding our recent expectations, OWN remains on track to reach profitability in the back half of next year. The growth of our emerging networks offset some choppiness during the second quarter at Discovery and TLC and resulted in our total audience expanding 5% against the industry as a whole, which was down. The diverse ratings success we are delivering, along with our brand strength, set us up nicely heading into our recently completed upfront negotiations. We garnered mid to high single-digit price increases while achieving the highest dollar volume in our history. Given the success of many of our younger networks, a priority for Joe Abruzzese's sales team during the upfront process was to generate higher volumes across these channels, and we certainly achieved that with advertisers recognizing the value and opportunity brands such as ID and Destination America provide. Looking ahead, the third quarter does present some hurdles with the Olympics and limited premiere hours on Discovery until after Shark Week in August. But with a strong upfront under our belts, a scatter market that remains relatively healthy and a balanced portfolio of existing and emerging brands, we remain confident that we can deliver sustained advertising growth moving forward. Building new brands and strengthening our content pipeline remain strategic priorities going forward. We will continue to incrementally invest in growth opportunities to ensure we are putting our capital to work appropriately and generating suitable returns on our investments. Capitalizing on our core growth opportunities is still our first strategic priority. But given our sustained financial momentum, the free cash flow we are generating, the strength of our balance sheet and the growth portfolio of our company, we have increased the pace of our buyback activity to further build shareholder value. We have returned $1.9 billion in capital to our shareholders under our buyback program, and we will continue to do so aggressively if it is the best use of our balance sheet. Discovery's had a great first half of 2012, delivering strong financial results while investing in our brands and platforms around the world. With strategic initiatives delivering additional returns, a relatively healthy global operating environment and a strong balance sheet, we are poised to deliver sustained operating momentum and continued financial growth for the rest of the year. Now let me turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew C. Warren: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Discovery continued to deliver solid operating results during the second quarter, this further execution of strategic initiatives and a favorable operating environment enabled the company to deliver double-digit advertising and affiliate revenue growth, excluding the impact of foreign currency. Total company revenue in the second quarter increased 7% on a reported basis, while organic revenue growth was up over 10%, excluding the negative impact of currency movements, led by 19% international growth and complemented by 6% domestic growth. Total operating expenses in the quarter were up 6% compared to the prior year, primarily due to increased programming costs from higher content amortization and $6 million of impairment charges related to the ID rebrand in Latin America, as well as some increased personnel costs primarily at our International sales operations. Excluding the impairment charge and the impact of foreign exchange, the increase in operating expenses for the company was still 6% versus the second quarter a year ago. Discovery's continued ability to generate revenue growth in excess of expenses translated into a 6% increase in adjusted OIBDA during the second quarter. Excluding the unfavorable currency impact, adjusted OIBDA was 11% versus 2Q '11. Net income increased 15%, to $293 million, reflecting the strong operating performance in the current year, as well as lower taxes, driven primarily from the benefit associated from reorganizing certain tax entities. Free cash flow decreased to $138 million in the second quarter, as the increased operating performance was more than offset by higher content investment due to the timing of production spending and increased tax payments. For the last 12 months, however, free cash flow increased 5%, reflecting the improved operating performance and lower stock compensation payments, partially offset by higher tax payments and working capital. Our full year expectation for free cash flow in 2012 for over $1 billion remains unchanged. Turning now to the operating units. The U.S. Networks continued to perform well during the second quarter, with revenues up 6%, led by 7% advertising growth and an 8% increase in distribution of revenue. Excluding nonrecurring revenue items in 2011, domestic ad revenues grew 9%, led by the strong performance of Investigation Discovery, as well as the sustained favorable pricing and demand environment. Current quarter ad growth was reduced by a couple of percentage points due to softer ratings performance of certain networks. Though current ad market conditions continued to be attractive, with limited premiere hours on Discovery until Shark Week in August and given current ratings performance, we anticipate mid single-digit ad growth in the third quarter of this year, with, of course, possible variability from ratings performance. Domestic operating expenses were up 4% from the prior year, with the majority of the increase due to expected higher content amortization, partially offset by lower SG&A expense, which included decline in marketing spend. On a reported basis, domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 8%, and excluding the impact of the prior year nonrecurring revenue items, adjusted OIBDA was up 10% over last year. Turning to the International operations. The momentum across our global platform continues, with revenues on a reported basis expanding 10%, led by 11% ad and 8% affiliate growth. Excluding the impact of exchange rates, total International revenues grew 19%, with advertising revenue increasing 22% and distribution revenue up 15%. On the advertising front, our company delivered particular strength in Western Europe from the free-to-air initiatives David mentioned. In Latin America, the growth was led by Brazil and Mexico. And in our Asia Pacific region, India and Australia were the primary growth drivers. The affiliate revenue growth, which included 3 percentage points of benefit from lower launch support amortization, was driven by continued strong subscriber additions worldwide, with the Discovery Channel, our most widely distributed network, expanding subscribers 8% internationally versus a year ago. Latin America, led by sustained progress in Brazil and Mexico, and Central and Eastern Europe, with further development in areas such as Russia and Poland, continue to be the main drivers of International subscriber growth. Operating costs internationally were up 13%, primarily driven by higher content amortization, as well as by increased personnel and infrastructure costs due to additional investment in growth initiatives and the build-out of our global platform to support our long-term growth expectations. The quarter also included $6 million of impairment costs related to the rebranding of Liv in Latin America to ID. Excluding this impairment and the impact of foreign currency, operating cost growth was still 13%. International segment delivered 16% adjusted OIBDA growth, excluding currency impact, as international team continued to generate strong revenue increases while thoughtfully investing in key growth initiatives. Turning to our full year forecast. We are leaving our revenue, adjusted OIBDA and net income expectations unchanged despite the negative impact from foreign currency since we guided last quarter. It is very important to note that given the positive impact of the Netflix agreement in the third quarter of last year and negative currency expectations this year, we expect overall adjusted OIBDA growth to be in the low single digits for the third quarter of this year, with the resumption to strong double-digit adjusted OIBDA growth in the fourth quarter. Excluding the Netflix impact a year ago and foreign currency headwinds, OIBDA growth in third quarter would be well in excess of 10%. Turning to our balance sheet. We further strengthened our financial position this quarter by completing the issuances of a 10-year $500 million debt offering with a 3.3% interest rate and a 30-year $500 million offering with a 4.95% rate. These issuances provided us additional financial flexibility while lowering our average cost to capital, lengthening of our average maturity profile and taking us to a more appropriate leverage level. With a strong balance sheet that includes $1.7 billion in cash and with sustained financial and operating performance, we continue to return capital to shareholders for the execution of our share repurchase program. Our first priority remains investing in our core businesses to drive sustained, long-term growth, be it through investment in the existing networks and platforms or through exploring external initiatives. Given we have not yet found sufficient investment opportunities with attractive financial returns, we've accelerated utilizing the cash on balance sheet, as well as the cash generated from operations to repurchase shares. Discovery repurchased over $400 million of stock in the second quarter, including $389 million of Class C shares. Given the liquidity constraints around repurchasing the Class C shares, we also repurchased $15 million of Class A shares during the quarter. We still prefer buying the more economic security, but given SEC volume limitations, as well as the long-term attractiveness of our securities, we will continue to repurchase both classes of stock. We have bought back over $800 million under our share repurchase program thus far in 2012. Since November of 2010, we repurchased over 60 million shares in total, reducing our outstanding share count by over 15%. Thanks again for your time this morning, and now David and I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mr. Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: David, I've got a question on International ad growth and a question on domestic ad growth. 22% international local currency ad growth is really something, with incremental growth coming now from TLC and free-to-air. When does that growth start to tail off? And will the newer growth initiatives, like international ID launches, be enough to sustain mid or high teens ad growth? That's international.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Doug, we're seeing some real strength across the board, and it really has to do with the fact that we've been investing long-term. We now have Discovery, Animal Planet, Science, TLC, and we're getting ID built around the world. And our market share is growing, which is very helpful. At the same time, the Pay TV universe is growing. It grew 15% in the quarter. So part of it is that we're very well-positioned in -- around the world, with an average of 6 channels in 210 countries. But when you look at some of the real growth markets, Brazil, Mexico, Russia, India, Turkey, in a lot of those markets, we have 10 or 11 channels with a number of successful networks. And so part of it is a market share story, Doug, part of it is that Pay TV itself is growing. And finally, we're getting a little bit better at selling advertising. Some of these channels are new. So ID is just getting in there, TLC, so we're becoming more known in the marketplace. But also, when you see that our costs and some of the -- and International has grown a little bit, it's because early on, we went to a number of agencies in markets to sell advertising. And now that we're getting bigger, we're going into a number of those countries with our own boots on the ground. And so we've saved some money, and we think we can get some upside and we'll continue to get upside. A market like that is Russia, Brazil, those are markets where we're selling our own advertising now. So overall, we feel very strongly about our growth trajectory around the world. ID is another example of a channel that works well around the world that we feel good about. So internationally, we feel like we're very well-positioned.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You occasionally give sort of a market share number. Is there still plenty of headroom as your market shares are moving higher? Do you start to worry about running into a wall at some point?
David M. Zaslav: Yes, I think we're reeling in the third or fourth inning here. We've just got TLC distributed. It's now the #1 most distributed women's brand in the world. And we're starting to see the benefit of having a strong female brand in almost every market. We saw that here in the U.S. because we get to see every advertiser. And whether it's -- in most cases, TLC right now is continuing to grow, because we're getting to know how to nourish that audience around the world. In some markets, it's really taking off. In Italy, we're very, very strong. In Western Europe, we've been able, with TLC, to take advantage of a very big market share story that has, in a difficult economy, given us substantial growth. We had very small presence in Spain, but we had a ton of content. So we put that content on a free-to-air channel at very low costs, and we're gaining a lot of market share with a very successful channel called Discovery MAX in Spain. So overall, we think there's a lot of opportunity for us to continue to grow market share.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And on domestic, if you produce mid single-digit growth in 3Q, or going to, despite the Olympics and given your upfront commentaries, is it fair to say investors should expect 4Q reaccelerates backup to high single-digit domestic ad growth?
David M. Zaslav: We're not going to predict fourth quarter, but I do think fourth quarter will be very strong. We have the anomaly of the Olympics, as well as we have a lot of strong content on Discovery that's out of cycle. So we had Gold Rush on Friday nights. That was the #1 show on television, including the broadcasters, we have a very good development slate. And a lot of that will be coming up in the fall. So we feel very good about fourth quarter, and I think you can expect to see some strong numbers on the advertising side, assuming that the market stays as is.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Is there any way to figure out what the Olympics impact might have been? Is there any ballpark, 3%, 5%?
David M. Zaslav: It's hard to tell. The Olympics have come out very strong. We stayed a little bit flexible. At this point, we're holding back a number of our premieres because we just feel that the Olympics right now has a significant amount of cultural momentum. If, in fact, the Olympics loses a little bit of steam, then we think we have some upside. In addition, when we come back after Shark Week, if our content is a little bit stronger than you'll also see on the ratings side, you'll see some more upside. But we've tried to be conservative here in our approach.
Andrew C. Warren: And, Doug, it's Andy. Just to add, importantly for the fourth quarter, we do expect the resumption to double-digit OIBDA growth in the fourth quarter. So that's a key outlook for us at the back half of the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just following up on the domestic trends in Q3, David, is any of the deceleration coming from just sort of market trends or any weakness in demand overall in TV in the U.S. or would you really chalk it all up to some ratings office in the Olympic comp?
David M. Zaslav: Yes, we're not seeing any softness in the market. The market remains strong. We had a very good upfront. We can talk a little bit more about it later. But overall, it was more demand than we've seen in the past. We were able to -- it was similar to last year, in terms of the amount of inventory that we moved, about 55%. And the pricing was quite good. And more importantly, we got a very strong receptivity to all of our networks this time. One of the key objectives was to get more advertisers into Destination America, more into ID, more into Science and Military. And so the acceptance of the strength of those brands was an important success metric for us for this upfront.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And if I could just ask one follow-up internationally. You've been in the cable business for a long time. You're looking at the international opportunity as being early days still. I'm just curious, when you think about moving to free-to-air in some markets, it would seem like that's, to some extent, a hedge, if you think about long-term growth in Pay in markets, like Italy, for example. Are you sort of saying you think you can maximize Discovery as sort of profit or revenue pool in those markets by playing sort of both platforms? Do you expect the Pay TV penetration to resume growth as the economies heal over there? Just a little more on your thought processes moving to the free-to-air side of the equation would be good.
David M. Zaslav: Yes. Look, free-to-air is pretty limited for us, but when we've use it, we've been able to uniquely be successful. Strategically, when you take a market like Italy or Spain that has -- that's either mature or a small Pay TV universe, and you have one of the strengths that we have is we have a over 25-year library of content that we own all of the rights to, and so for us, free-to-air is a little bit different. We pick up a stick of free-to -- a channel, and we could essentially program that. Like in Spain, our cost is almost -- is very little. And so if you look at other markets, like Turkey, Russia, big growth markets like Brazil or Mexico, those are not markets where we would launch free-to-air because we're riding a very aggressive Pay TV market that feels a lot like the U.S. 10 years ago. And all those wins are in our favor there, where we're seeing sub growth, we're seeing viewership, in general, moving to cable, we're seeing our market share growing. And so in those markets, we will -- we'll be much more traditional. And in some of the more mature markets in Western Europe, this has been a very specific strategy, but a very effective strategy.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mr. David Bank from RBC Capital.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions, one on the programming expense side and one on the advertising side. I guess, on the expense side, it sounds like you're sort of calling out on the call and in the press release a little bit of a step-up in cash programming expenses for the quarter. Was that -- is that sort of a quarterly lumpiness throughout the year or is it a -- do we expect to see kind of a -- or could you tell us, do we expect to see a step-up on annualized amortization going into next year? If you could give a little bit more color around that. And the second question is, there is clearly a cyclicality of content in any given period, and you have some tough comps. And you have the Olympics, and you have like a lot of moving parts here. But we're kind of swinging from like really down in some of the flagships to expectations are really up. What kind of minimum ratings growth do you think you need on the flagships domestically at TLC and Discovery to kind of get back to that high single-digit growth, given the expected performance in the emerging networks, which seem to be really strong? Can you talk about sort of just, like at a minimum, what do Discovery and TLC on a sustained basis have to do?
Andrew C. Warren: Okay. David, it's Andy. I'll answer your first question. There's really no call-out on the cash timing. We knew that to be a little bit of acceleration of cash content expense in the second quarter. We had said for a while now that first half expense to be higher than second half. We still believe that overall from an expense profile. So there's no cash timing call-out. It just was a timing of cash distribution in the second quarter. David?
David M. Zaslav: Yes. On the flagships, there is cyclicality to it. We had a very strong fourth quarter and first quarter on Discovery. We were up high single digits, and we had a lot of our content really working, a lot of new content that was working quite well. In the summer, we were a little bit out of cycle. In the last 2 weeks in July, before the Olympics, we were up 15%, and that was without a lot of our premieres and our good stuff. So I do think it goes up and down. We expect that Discovery and TLC will grow. We have a very specific audience that we're going after, but we're also not just about ratings. One of the keys for us is the ability to take quality content and move it around the world. It's very efficient for us on Discovery, on TLC, on Animal Planet. And so for us, ratings isn't the only metric, but we do expect that we'll -- that those networks should grow and will grow mid single, and if we're more successful than that, double digit. We have very good creative teams in place there. At the same time, we've been one of the only media companies to affect the strategy that's built around the idea that we can still build meaningful audiences on new channels. So ID didn't exist 4 years ago, it's now a top 10 network in America. It's been probably 10 years since a top 10 network has launched, and we did it from scratch. We're seeing a lot of strength at OWN, we're seeing strength on Science, Animal Planet. Destination America is working very well, particularly in the travel category, where there's a lot of good advertisers. And so we're definitely focused on having TLC and Discovery grow, but we're also very excited about the fact that we have a number of other channels that are growing as well.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Andy, just to clarify, I just want to follow up and make sure I understand. So the -- whatever is going on in terms of the programming investment that you did signal going into the quarter, is there anything we could take away in terms of longer-term amortization changes? Has anything changed from sort of prior assumptions and programming investment trends?
Andrew C. Warren: No, David. I mean, no, we continue to see opportunity to invest, especially in our emergency channels that David has talked about. But there's no change here in the views we've given in the past and our kind of content structure for the second half and going into '13.
David M. Zaslav: Longer-term, we've been investing about 8% or 9%. And with that, we've been able to launch TLC around the world, to invest in all of these channels we just talked about. And it's all success-based investment. Next year or the year after, if that number goes up, we're going to be very happy. If that number goes up, it means that we're -- that the content is working even better, and therefore, we're investing more and we're gaining more market share. But so far, if you look over the last couple of years, it's been pretty steady into -- in the 8% to 9%. And that's where we expect it to be, unless we can hit a few more strong veins of program content.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Janedis from UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: David, the shelf life of programming seems to be getting a little bit shorter. When you look at over the next couple of years, do you see your number of new primetime hours increasing somewhat on both the mature and emerging networks?
David M. Zaslav: It's hard to tell. On the one hand, you're right that content seems to be cycling a little bit shorter. On the other hand, we have a new window with Netflix and Amazon, where we're able to take content that's 18 months and older, and in our case, the majority of that is 2 years and older, and create significant economics. On that score, we've been looking at that Netflix, Amazon window, and it's been very successful for us, with no degradation of viewership. So that is all incremental. It's a little too early at this point for us to figure out whether we're going to do more premieres. At this point, we haven't, particularly on our smaller networks. We're able to do much less and still get the benefit of significant repeat and using content on multiple channels on Discovery and TLC that are -- that have audiences that are -- that DVR a little bit more and are much stronger brands and stronger channels. On that, we're able to repeat a little bit less. But in general, we haven't made any decision to make any meaningful change.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right. Maybe on your related topic, you mentioned Netflix and Amazon. How do you think about future opportunities from them or other players in both the U.S. and abroad?
David M. Zaslav: Well, we did a deal with Netflix that was a 3-year deal -- a 2-year deal with an option to extend for a third year. We have a very good relationship with Netflix. That new window of 18 months and older, which is the deal that we did with Amazon and Netflix domestically, looks to be working very well so far for us. And if it continues, then we're very happy that we have an opportunity to exercise a third year on that. There are a number of other players that are looking for content in that window and in a nearer-term window with TV Everywhere. And I think that's one of the reasons why it's such a good time to be in the content business right now if you own your content. Every one of those windows provides additional consideration for us, and they are potentially more growth. And since we own our content, we get almost all of that. Outside the U.S. is a little bit different. I mean, it really depends on the market. So far, we haven't done any of those deals outside the U.S. In mature markets, like some of the markets in Western Europe, it's very possible that we'll be doing some of those deals because you have a highly penetrated Pay TV market that looks a lot like the U.S., and the Netflix-type deals become incremental, with, at least at this point, no sense of degradation of viewership. That's very different than when you go to Latin America where Brazil is 25% penetrated or Mexico, 42% penetrated. And you're seeing huge growth in Mexico that was almost 1 million subscribers added in the last quarter. And in those populations, there's a C class that's adopting onto Pay TV that hasn't had Pay TV before. And so we're not convinced that doing an 18-month window and presenting content to those viewers is a good idea. It may be, but we're just not convinced. So we're going to -- in the emerging markets, we'll probably stay away for a period of time and ride the Pay TV window alone. But in some of the more mature markets, we'll look at it as being an incremental opportunity.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Todd Juenger from Sanford Bernstein.
Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: One on -- quick one on -- another one on ratings and then one on the JVs. So the choppiness you mentioned at Discovery and TLC in Q2, I just wondered if you have any insight on, for instance, in June when Discovery and TLC had tougher months, where those viewers went, and how many of them landed on your other networks, and how many of them landed on competitive networks, and how you feel about trading those viewers back and forth like that. And then where you expect them to come back from. And then on the JV losses of the minority positions just came in really light on the loss there for the quarter. Just wondering what -- I know ratings are well -- are way up, but that was an extraordinarily much lower loss than we had seen earlier in the year. Just wondering if that's indicative of the future there. I know they're buying less services from you, so that's part of the financial improvement there. But any other color on what's driving that improvement.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. On the ratings piece, we really feel like it's cyclical. We didn't have many premieres, and our strongest content was not in play in June. What you'll see coming after Shark Week on Discovery is some of our better content getting even stronger as you go into September and October, so we're quite confident. On TLC, we have a number of our strong shows that are performing well, and you're going to be seeing more of them as the summer goes on. And we just launched a new night of wedding programming. We're the #1 network for women on Friday nights, with wedding programming, we have a whole slate of new wedding programming coming on Thursday. So one, we feel pretty good about where we are creatively. But where it goes, I'm sure that we pick up some of it from our other 12 or 13 networks here in the U.S. But people here -- this is the most competitive viewing market in the world. We have over 200 channels. So it's -- our job is to put on great shows with strong characters and great stories. When we do, we build very big audiences. In the end -- last 2 weeks in July, Discovery was up 15% because we were -- we put on some more good content. So that's how we see it on that. Before I pass it to Andy, on OWN and The Hub in terms of the actual numbers, both are -- both have really accelerated. The Hub has seen not only ratings growth, but Margaret Loesch has started to get a real sense of how to program that network to the kids' audience, 2 to 11. My Little Pony has taken off in a big way culturally, which has been a help, and Transformers. And on OWN, there's a great leadership team that's really stable now in place. Erik Logan and Sheri Salata, very strong, Oprah is engaged. And that network has grown every month from the beginning of this year. It's now performing even better than we thought it would. It was up 14%, then 20%, now 50%. It's more than 25% year-to-date. And more importantly, every advertiser that signed up before we went on the air has re-signed up to be part of OWN. And so we feel very good about it, and we're looking forward to OWN being profitable next year. And we're feeling very good about Hub. So a lot of work went into that, a lot of hard work by the leadership teams there to figure out the audience and how to nourish them. We got a ways to go on both, but they're both doing quite well.
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. Todd, the significant improvement in the other income expense line was driven by OWN. That's really twofold. One, in the first quarter, if you remember, we had the closedown costs of Rosie. We accrued all of those expenses in the first quarter. But also, it's driven by this better performance at OWN. I mean, OWN, operationally, expense-wise, advertising-wise, as David said, rating-wise, they had a better quarter. And so that flowed through to us. As we look forward though, the third and fourth quarter, important to highlight that we do expect slightly higher losses in that line, mostly driven by investing into the strength and the momentum at OWN right now, put more marketing, more content expense. So we will have a slightly bigger pickup of losses there. But again, it's investing momentum, and the second quarter was very good.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just on the buyback, I just -- I know you guys commented on that, but the pace does seem to be picking up Q2 and into Q3. Can you just comment, will Q3 -- it looks like it will be over another quarter over $400 million?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes. Jessica, as you've heard me say before, my #1 metric that I look at and I drive is free cash flow per share. And so when we model out and when David and I, when we talk to the board about this, when we model out buying a stock today and free cash flow per share going forward in our forecast and creating that IRR, as long as that IRR is strong and double-digit, we're a buyer of our stock. And actively, enthusiastic about that. You saw that momentum in the second quarter, and we do anticipate continuing that. Ideally, we would continue to put money into growing organically and continue to look at perhaps acquisition opportunities. But in the meantime, we will continue to allocate capital towards rebuying shares, especially given our free cash flow per share growth profile.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then on that -- kind of the acquisition front, because you mentioned that in the press release earlier in the call, what kinds of acquisitions would be of interest to you, I mean, if you just kind of talk theoretically?
David M. Zaslav: Jessica, theoretically -- clearly, International is our strength. It's almost 40% of our business now. It's grown -- 4 years ago, it was $250 million. Last year, it was $650 million. This year, it will be dramatically more than that, with real meaningful, I think, strategic advantage. Our content works well. We have more channels than anybody else. We have local teams on the ground. And so building on that strength is a key strategic initiative for us. In addition, it's an important hedge. The U.S. has slowed down. We're growing in the U.S. because we're growing market share and because we have a good team monetizing with Joe Abruzzese the sales that we get. And we have a strong leadership team on the distribution side that over the next few years, we think, will do very well when our deals come up. But when you can -- when you have markets that are underpenetrated, like Turkey and Russia and India and all of Latin America, where we've been for so long so strong, to the extent that there are any meaningful opportunities where we can acquire something. But because of our position, we're likely to have more synergy than others. And because we're on the ground, we can make pretty quick assessment. But we're only going to buy something if we think it will help us grow faster. And so we have been looking very hard on a lot of things, but we haven't bought anything yet because we haven't found anything that's going to help us grow faster. We did make a small acquisition of Revision3 this past quarter. That's a video stream business. It's a leader in the video stream business, and that's consistent with us viewing ourselves as a company that satisfies curiosity on all platforms. And they're a very aggressive, entrepreneurial company in Silicon Valley, and we're excited about having them as part of us.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mr. Michael Nathanson from Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Dave, I have 2 for you. Let me start with the first one. Given what you did in NBC and now Discovery, I wonder if you have any views or strategies of change looking at the DIRECTV-Viacom battle from last month on affiliate fees. Does that make you change your philosophy or strategy through your own deals going forward? So I just want to know what your view of that was.
David M. Zaslav: I don't really have a view on, specifically, what happened with Viacom, but we have a very clear strategy domestically and internationally. We've been saying it now for 6 years, which is, what's most important is that we build strong brands, grow our viewership and try and get affinity groups. It's not just the ratings of your channels, but it's how strongly do the groups of people that watch the channel feel about your channel. So the fact that Discovery is the #1 most valued brand on cable is important to us, the fact that we built a network ID that has women that feel very strongly about it as a channel that they love. So the fact that we've launched 7 channels since -- in the last 5 years, the fact that our market share is up significantly, and candidly, we have a very strong equitable argument. We were investing about $600 million. We're now investing over $1 billion. So our strategy is simple, and that's that we want to bring more value to the viewers. We want to be more important to the viewers. And if we are, we think that when we do our deals, we'll be able to get substantially more value because we're spending more money and we've earned it by having our channels be more important.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And is going dark something that you would -- an option that you'd consider?
David M. Zaslav: I don't want to speak about the negotiations that we're going to have, but we feel very good about where we are in terms of the hand that we have because we think our channels in the aggregate are very strong. All 13 come up at once. We have good relationships with the distributors, but we'll be pushing hard to make sure that we get fair value.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And let me just ask you just a point of clarity about the upfront. At one point, you said you guys had sold more volume, and then you said a number in the Q&A of 55% sellout. So could you help us square that -- did you sell the same volume on the mature TLC, Discovery networks and add more volume on the other? So how do those 2 comments work together?
Andrew C. Warren: It's really -- it's a little less on some channels, but remember, we have more inventory based on some of the new launches we have. So overall, more volume, but again, good mid to high single-digit pricing. And that 55% was right where we wanted to be going into what is still a robust scatter market.
David M. Zaslav: And it's not -- the point is it's not 55% across-the-board. There are a number of our channels that we're catching up on. It's going to take probably 2 to 3 years before we can get full value on ID, although we're making progress. And the same is true, we're working our way up with a lot of these brands, but they're new. And as a result of that, they're not getting the -- we believe they're not getting the CPM that they deserve. And so in some cases, for some channels where we got the right value, we took more. In cases where we think that we could do better by going into scatter, where we can push the CPM up higher and faster, we took less. But overall, we feel very good about how we did.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: First, for Andy on free cash flow. I know your cash taxes stepped up by about $200 million in 2012. Wondering if we're at a more normalized level there as we try to model out free cash flow into 2013, if there's any anomalies in the calculation that you would point out, whether it's taxes or working capital. And then one for David, just following up on the question about distribution and the negotiations. Wondering if it's possible that any of your existing deals are opened up and extended early because of TV Everywhere authentication. Is that possible? And I'm just sort of wondering, if not, then why not? Is that sort of a commentary on the environment or anything? Wondering if you think we see those deals come -- open up before expiry.
Andrew C. Warren: Anthony, on the tax question, if you remember, last year, there was a real anomaly with the Section 181 catch-up. And so this year, we don't have that benefit. It hasn't been extended yet by Congress. If it is, that would be a really good guy. But right now, we're assuming it has not been renewed. So that last year was a real good guy. That's the difference between last year and this year on the tax side. As far as going forward, no real call other than one huge benefit we have at being such a globally diverse company is our ability to kind of maximize tax entity and structures. And so we are taking a look at our global content rights and how we can structure those in a way that's most tax advantaged for long-term. But for today, 35% is roughly the right number to think about. We did have that one discrete item in the second quarter that was helpful, and that will be a good cash guy next year. But broadly speaking, the main answer to your question is Section 181 last year.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. So broadly speaking, if I just model out your free cash flow trajectory similar to your cash flow from ops trajectory, then that's reasonable?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes.
David M. Zaslav: Anthony, on the distribution side, if you take away TV Everywhere in terms of the terms, the deals start coming up at the end of this year, and it's -- they kind of flow in pretty evenly over the next 4 or 5 years. As I've said earlier, TV Everywhere is something that we think is valuable. Many of the distributors would like it, and they would like authentication. We haven't reached agreements yet with anybody. We are in some tests with Comcast. We like that model. There's 2 ways we could do TV Everywhere. We could get valuable consideration for TV Everywhere alone or we can open up the deals early and do a roll-up renewal that includes TV Everywhere. Both have been discussed. We haven't decided which we're going to do, and we'll do the one that we think creates the most value for shareholders.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tuna Amobi from S&P Capital IQ.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: Just a quick clarification. Andy, your comments on the higher losses for OWN in the back half, I was wondering if that was relative to Q2 or relative to the first half. That would be helpful.
Andrew C. Warren: Definitely Q2. I mean, that operating improvement that we saw on the second quarter will continue, but we are going to put a little more money behind it, especially in the marketing side. So it will be slightly more relative to our Q2 performance.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: Okay. And still on the OWN steam, David. So I think it's fair to say improvement in OWN has been remarkable so far this year, and maybe you guys aren't telling the story enough. But as I think about your -- the ratings and the breakeven target that you've given, is there something in there that perhaps you think may derail a sustainability of this trend that we're seeing? Can you point to maybe a couple of things that you've done that you think can make these kinds of gains to be sustainable, or not?
David M. Zaslav: Candidly, we're significantly ahead of where we thought we would be last quarter with the ratings, where we had started to really build ratings. We have a good leadership team in place. Most importantly, the viewers are coming back. They like what they see. We're giving -- it's very simple, we're doing less of what's not working, we're doing more of what is working. Oprah's much more engaged. She has a team in there that's in love with the brand, and we've been trying to figure out over the last year how do we nourish the viewers. We get to talk to them through oprah.com, which is a great advantage. It's a very strong online vehicle, one of the top for women. And between the leadership team and the new content that we have and a lot of that the new content that we have coming up, we're quite confident that we've begun to really find the recipe for a strong women's network. And we think that the OWN brand now is starting to be what Oprah and I talked about when we were all excited about this. The Oprah brand is one of the best brands in media. And for women, it's -- it may be the best brand in media.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: And separately, with regard to the upfront strategy, so one might have thought that you guys may have played it a little bit more conservative, granted a mid to high single digit is higher than, I guess, what the industry saw. But with all these new channels and rebranding and whatnot and the kind of ratings momentum, can you maybe elaborate a little bit more on why you kind of chose that strategy? I think you said the scatter market is relatively healthy. So a little bit few more data points on that would be helpful.
David M. Zaslav: Yes. We feel quite lucky having Joe Abruzzese, probably the best sales -- we think the best sales leader in the business. We were on the high-end of the market in terms of the upfront, and we were very strategic. Not only we were on the high-end of the market in terms of the pricing and the volume, but we were also able through Joe's team to put the dollars in the places where we thought would be most valuable to us and to give ourselves opportunity to go into scatter with some of our brands when we thought that they would be more valuable there or where we had more ratings momentum to take advantage of it. So overall, we were very happy with the upfront.
Operator: The last question comes from the line of Barton Crockett from Lazard Capital Markets.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the outlook for the third quarter ad growth internationally. You talked about how you see a bit of a slowdown domestically, partially in Olympics impact. Is there anything like that happening internationally or does the Olympics' impact really not matter over there?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, it really doesn't matter over there, Barton, as much. We still expect double-digit growth there, a less visibility based on the market. But we still expect double-digit growth out of international.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the FX impact in this quarter, which was quite pronounced. I know you guys talk about 40% of your International segment revenues being dollar-denominated. Could you parse down for us a little bit more about where you actually saw the FX headwinds in the quarter?
Andrew C. Warren: Well, look, it's really twofold. The -- relative to a year ago, the euro weakened 13%. And so when you look at our FX impact, not only is it the transactional impact but the translation as well. From an accounting perspective, you take your short-term assets, like receivables, and you actually translate them at the lower currency rate. That also flows through to the income statement. So it's not just a transactional fees but the translation as well. The accumulation of those 2, given a significant move in the euro, translated into this meaningful amount of FX impact in the quarter.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. Do you see -- I mean, as you flatline on the FX going forward, does the impact remain similar in the third and fourth quarter or does it fade?
Andrew C. Warren: It fades relative to the year-over-year variance. The guidance we gave assumes really a constant currency from today, so we haven't really assumed any defluctuations in the market today. But it will wane a little bit based on just a year-over-year fluctuation in the currency.
Craig Felenstein: Thanks, everybody, for joining us. We appreciate it. If you have any follow-up questions, please give us a call. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein -  David M. Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Andrew C. Warren - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2012 Discovery Communications, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Corita, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Craig Felenstein, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Discovery Communications First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Andy Warren, our Chief Financial Officer. Hopefully, you have all received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com.  On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Andy, after which, we will open the call up for your questions. We urge you to please keep to 1 or 2 questions, so we can accommodate as many folks as possible. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them.  For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn the call over to David.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Discovery is off to a great start in 2012, delivering first quarter results that built upon the double-digit growth and strong operating momentum we generated throughout 2011. Importantly, our success continues to be well-balanced with growth spread across geographic boundaries and driven by diversified revenue streams, each of which are leveraging the strength of our content portfolio and robust distribution platform. On our year-end call, I highlighted some of the elements that contributed to our success a year ago, from a strengthened programming library that capitalized on a robust global ad market and a growing demand for content across emerging distribution platforms to the opportunities we are exploiting across our international asset base. As evidenced by our first quarter results, these drivers remain firmly in place. Andy will discuss the specifics behind our financial performance in a moment. But before he does, let me take a few minutes to highlight some of the opportunities we continue to take advantage of and also discuss some of the initiatives that we expect will contribute to sustained financial and operating momentum throughout the remainder of 2012. Once again, during the first quarter, Discovery's long-term strategy of investing in bigger, stronger brands and the highest quality nonfiction content continued to pay off with consumers watching more television in total than ever before across conventional and emerging distribution channels. Simply put, it is a great time to be in the content business. Even more so, if your programming resonates with diverse audiences and you own the rights for the majority of your content.  Our sustained investment in programming is delivering market share growth worldwide, and given the continued strength in the advertising market, we were able to generate total company global ad growth of 16% in the first quarter. Domestically, our market share growth built upon the viewership gains we delivered in each of the last several years with viewership in the first quarter expanding over 6% in prime time among adults 25 to 54. This success was even more compelling when you consider that the non-Discovery cable declined slightly and broadcast was down 7% in the same period. Equally as compelling is the fact that our success was broad-based and not driven by just one brand. Discovery Channel grew 5% in primetime, led by the continued success of returning hits Gold Rush, the #1 show on TV on Friday nights for men, including the broadcast nets, Flying Wild Alaska and Sons of Guns. Discovery also benefited from the strong performances of several new series, including Moonshiners and Bering Sea Gold along with the premiere of Frozen Planet. Animal Planet was up 18% in the first quarter, led by the growth of several returning series, including the second season of Finding Bigfoot, which grew 17% over its premiere season.  TLC ratings declined versus a year ago, but has built a broad, stable of returning hits, including 17 series that are delivering over 1 million viewers, and TLC is the #1 ad-supported cable network for women on Friday nights. ID continued its blistering pace, delivering its best quarter ever with 35% growth in its key women 25 to 54 demo. It remains the fastest-growing cable network and is now the fourth ranked network in all of cable during the day, behind only USA, TNT and TBS. We also had viewership gains across all our emerging growth networks, including Science, Military, Velocity, Fit & Health, as well as the soon-to-be re-branded Planet Green. We're always looking to drive the potential of our valuable distribution, our beachfront real estate, by breaking new ground that ignites viewers' curiosity. Along those lines, we announced that our upfront presentation, that Planet Green will become Destination America on May 28 just prior to the Memorial Day weekend. We believe by combining the very best of travel, adventure, food, home and natural history into one brand, we can create a new lifestyle destination that viewers will be engaged by, and it will deliver huge value to our advertisers. While the re-brand is not for several weeks, we've already begun to focus on these type of programming on the existing network and the result in the first quarter was viewership growth of over 30%, and we've only just gotten started. Our ratings success was not limited to our consolidated networks. The Hub delivered 32% growth in Total Day among kids 2 to 11. And OWN delivered 14% growth this past quarter. OWN has already become a top 30 network for women with over 95 U.S. cable networks in just over a year, up from the #45 network a year ago. With the creative team firmly in place, several established returning series and Oprah once again captivating audiences in the way that only she can, OWN is generating meaningful ratings momentum as we continue to build and grow this network. In addition to the ratings success, OWN has taken significant steps recently that will help the network improve its financial position moving forward, including structuring deals with meaningful sub fees with the majority of MSOs, including most recently extending and broadening its affiliate relationship with Comcast. In addition, we attacked the cost structure by streamlining the operations and canceled several series that audiences were not connecting with. With an appropriate cost structure now in place, a broad affiliate foundation, 80 million subs growing to 85 million and most MSOs beginning to pay sub fees on January 1, 2013, together with ratings building quarter-to-quarter and continued advertising support, we remain confident in the growth potential of this network. Given the current momentum and operating conditions, we anticipate funding to OWN in 2012 will be less than 2011. And we expect to achieve cash flow breakeven during the second half of 2013. The diverse rating success we delivered in the first quarter across our consolidated networks helped as to generate ad growth of 13%, building on the 15% growth we delivered in the first quarter a year ago, excluding Discovery Health comparisons. Remarkably, this was the eighth quarter in a row that we delivered double-digit ad growth, underscoring not only the strong ad market, but also the breadth and depth of the brands we have built as well as the efforts of our ad sales team to maximize the market and viewership opportunities. This growth gives us a great start to 2012 and also puts is in a great position heading into what we hope will be a robust upfront. We recently completed our upfront presentations. And while it is always difficult to predict where the upfront market will ultimately end up, with strong scatter volumes, scatter pricing well above last year's upfront, sustained ratings momentum across our networks, a diverse brand portfolio and the best ad sales team in the business, we expect to see significant increases in this year's upfront. Advertising was not the only area where we leveraged the appeal of our content during the first quarter. I mentioned on our last call that in 2012, we anticipated additional opportunities to exploit the growing value of our content library. And this quarter, we did just that, announcing a digital distribution agreement with Amazon. Much like our Netflix agreement, we will once again able to generate significant value from our library content while retaining flexibility with regards to our distributors. A significant portion of the revenues from this agreement was recognized in the current quarter, but we anticipate our licensing agreements will continue to enhance our affiliate growth rates as we deliver additional content. Having ownership of the vast majority of our programming provides us flexibility regarding emerging opportunities. Discovery remains platform-agnostic with regards to distributing our content, and we will continue to explore additional opportunities to leverage our expansive content library. So with a broad and deep set of content assets, ratings momentum across our network portfolio, a healthy ad environment and emerging distribution alternatives, there's plenty of room for continued growth across our U.S. Network operations. However, the true differentiator for us remains our international business. Just to provide some perspective. This is a segment that only 4 years ago was delivering $254 million of OIBDA with operating margins around 26%, and which in 2011, generated $645 million and 45% margins despite continued investment in developing new brands and compelling programming across multiple geographic regions. This rapid growth over the last 4 years highlights both our ability to execute on our strategic plans as well as the opportunity inherent in the global infrastructure we have built and nurtured over the last quarter century. This financial and operational momentum only accelerated during our first quarter. The largest driver of international growth continues to be the progression of Pay TV globally, and given our footprint, we are uniquely positioned to benefit from further expansion. Discovery subscriber base increased by over 10% versus a year ago, which helped drive affiliate revenue growth of 11% on an organic basis. Our subscriber growth is broad-based with double-digit increases led by Latin America and Central and Eastern Europe translating into double-digit affiliate revenue growth across nearly every region. And we fully expect further Pay TV growth moving forward, given the low penetration worldwide including less than 40% across Latin America as well as Central and Eastern Europe. With boots on the ground across the globe as these platforms continue to proliferate, we are ideally situated to maximize the opportunity they provide. The infrastructure we have built provides us the unique ability to launch new networks and feeds to capitalize on market dynamics. In the past, we have discussed how our global platform enabled us to establish another global flagship in TLC, now in over 153 markets and only in the early stages of its growth cycle. Today, TLC is in over 125 million homes, and it is the #1 most distributed women's brand in the world from no international distribution less than 2 years ago. But that is just one example. We are continuously looking into launching additional feeds and new networks to capitalize on market opportunities and audience demand. Our recent launch of Discovery Kids in Asia is another example. We recognized the white space in the Asian market and believe there is an opening to replicate the success of our thriving kids business in Latin America. To further feed our robust portfolio of 26 brands and further drive advertising growth, we also established a global content group to help drive the international viewership through development of original content. Many of the original shows that are developed by the global group will debut across the globe later this year and will have the added benefit of ultimately airing back on our U.S. Networks as well.  The content group also works with our U.S. operations to utilize programming generated across our domestic portfolio of networks. Our U.S. content is resonating with international audiences, whether it is Cake Boss in South America or Extreme Couponing in Norway, our content view group continues to explore ways to further leverage our domestic programming abroad. Our international team is also continuing to maximize the contributions from our more competitive markets such as Italy and the U.K. Led by Real Time and DMAX in Italy, as well as Quest in the U.K., our free-to-air revenues more than doubled this quarter and have helped maintain a nice growth trajectory in markets that are becoming more mature. When you combine the larger addressable audiences across our international platforms with a more robust programming offering, the result has been substantial viewership gains. And these additional eyeballs are translating into sustained double-digit advertising growth, including 22% in the current quarter, building upon the 24% we delivered in the first quarter of 2011. With advertising still only making up 1/3 of our international revenue, we have plenty of room to grow this revenue stream and increase international margins.  Building new brands and strengthening our content pipeline will always be our first strategic priority. But at the same time, we remain focused on thoughtfully allocating the capital we are generating. We have a very strong balance sheet and as we mentioned last quarter, we expect to generate over $1 billion in free cash flow this year. We are always on the lookout for value-enhancing opportunities, whether organically or through acquisitions, that complement our existing asset base. And we continue to return capital to shareholders. We have returned $1.4 billion in capital to our shareholders under our buyback program. And with the additional $1 billion buyback just authorized by our board, we will continue to do so aggressively if it is the best use of our balance sheet. Discovery's off to a great start in 2012 with strong first quarter results and sustained operating momentum across our domestic and international operations. Our focus remains on building additional long-term value by investing in our brands and platforms while also delivering continued financial growth and returning capital to shareholders.  Before I finish up, let me welcome our new CFO, Andy Warren, who will be a great partner as we look to further drive our business and exploit the growth opportunities that remain ahead for Discovery.  I will now turn the call over to Andy.
Andrew C. Warren: Thanks, David. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'm really excited to be a part of Discovery. It is a company I've long admired, and I look forward to talking with each of you over the next several months.  As David mentioned, Discovery delivered solid operating results during the first quarter as continued execution, the strength of our content and a favorable operating environment enabled the company to build upon the momentum that the team generated throughout 2011. First quarter revenue growth of 16% was broad-based with double-digit increases across the U.S. and International Networks and double-digit gains for both advertising and affiliate revenue streams. Note that the current quarter includes $50 million of additional revenues from the new licensing agreement with Amazon and the expanded licensing agreement with Netflix. Excluding these agreements, our total company revenue growth was 11%.  Total operating expenses in the quarter were up 12% compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher content amortization, increased personnel and marketing costs as well as $8 million of additional expenses associated with the Amazon and Netflix licensing agreements. Excluding the additional costs related to licensing agreements and the impact of foreign exchange, the increase in operating expenses was 11% versus the first quarter a year ago. As is indicated on the year-end call, expense growth is expected to be weighted to the first half of the year with the full year increase in the low to mid-single digits.  Discovery's continued ability to generate revenue growth in excess of expenses translated into a 19% increase in adjusted OIBDA during the first quarter. Excluding currency impact and the Amazon and Netflix licensing agreements, adjusted OIBDA increased 9%. Net income decreased to $222 million as the improved operating performance in the current year was offset by a $102 million gain in the prior year resulting from the contribution of the Discovery Health into the Oprah Winfrey Network. Excluding this net-of-tax gain, net income increased 9% versus the first quarter a year ago. Please note that during the first quarter, Discovery began recording 100% of OWN's net losses as the accumulated operating losses at OWN fully depleted their equity balance. We will, therefore, going forward, continue to record 100% of the OWN results through equity income as long as OWN has depleted equity. The net impact for the quarter of recording 100% of the losses was approximately $10 million net of tax or $0.03 per share.  Free cash flow grew 10% to $227 million due to increased operating performance and lower stock comp payments, partially offset by higher tax payments. The new content licensing agreement with Amazon did not impact free cash flow in the first quarter and will be received pro rata over the term of the licensing arrangement.  On a per share basis, free cash flow increased in the quarter from $0.50 to $0.58 per share, reflecting the increased free cash flow and the impact of the share repurchase program. Turning to the operating units. The U.S. Networks delivered substantial growth with revenues up 16% led by a 23% increase in our distribution revenue, primarily driven by the incremental revenues from the licensing agreements. Excluding the impacts of these licensing agreements, distribution revenue growth was 5% year-on-year. Much like when the Netflix agreement was executed in the third quarter of 2011, the current quarter includes a significant portion of the revenues from the Amazon agreement as revenues are recognized upon delivery of the content through our distribution partner, and we delivered the bulk of the programming at the front end of the contract. Next quarter, as additional content is delivered under both agreements, we expect that they will, combined, add 200 to 300 basis points of incremental growth to our domestic affiliate revenues. As David touched upon, the U.S. Network ad sales team delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit ad revenue growth, up 13% over the prior year. This is on top of the 15% organic growth that was generated in the first quarter of 2011 and was led by the increased delivery across our networks as well as from the sustained favorable pricing and demand sales environment. The attractive current market conditions continue to exist in the second quarter, and we anticipate high single digit ad sales growth with, of course, possible variability from ratings performance versus the prior year, which grew 13% organically. Domestic operating expenses were up 13% from the prior year with a majority of the increase due to the expanded higher content amortization, along with increased marketing for Frozen Planet and the $8 million of expense related to the new and expanded licensing agreements I mentioned previously. On a reported basis, domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 18% versus a year ago. Excluding the impact of the licensing agreements, adjusted OIBDA was up 6% over the prior year. Turning to the international operations. The momentum across our global platform continues as revenues on a reported basis expanded 18%, led by double-digit ad and affiliate growth. Excluding the foreign currency impact, total revenues grew 20% as distribution revenue increased 16% and advertising revenue increased 25%. The affiliate revenue growth was driven by continued strong subscriber additions, particularly in Latin America led by Brazil and Mexico and across CEMEA in areas such as Russia and Poland.  The Discovery Channel, our most widely distributed network, expanded subscribers 10% internationally versus a year ago. On the advertising front, we delivered double-digit ad growth across nearly all of our regions with particular strength in Western Europe and Latin America. The sustained advertising growth in the more mature markets of Western Europe was driven by success of our free-to-air initiatives such as Real Time in Italy and the launch of Discovery MAX in Spain as well as by the global growth of TLC with particular strength in the Nordic region. Operating costs internationally were up 14%, excluding currency fluctuations, primarily driven by higher content amortization as well as by increased personnel and infrastructure costs due to additional investment in growth initiatives and to build out our global platform to support our long-term growth expectations. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, our international segment delivered 20% adjusted OIBDA growth as our international team continued to generate strong revenue increases while thoughtfully investing in key growth initiatives. As we look forward to the remainder of 2012, we are encouraged that the improved pricing and ad trends realized in the first quarter have continued through April, both domestically and internationally. For the full year 2012, we are raising our revenue and adjusted OIBDA expectations to incorporate current conditions as well as the impact of the Amazon licensing agreement. We anticipate total revenues to now be between $4.55 billion and $4.65 billion and adjusted OIBDA to be between $2.125 and $2.2 billion. It is very important to note that we expect overall adjusted OIBDA growth in the mid-single digits for both the second and third quarters of this year due to the timing of certain expenses as well as the positive impact of the Netflix agreement in the third quarter of last year with a resumption to double-digit adjusted OIBDA growth in the fourth quarter. We now anticipate net income of $1 billion to $1.1 billion reflecting the increase in the operating guidance, partially offset by higher expenses associated with the mark-to-market equity-based compensation as well as higher equity losses through the earlier-than-expected accounting change regarding now recognizing 100% of the OWN operating results through our equity income line. Turning to our financial position. With a strong balance sheet that includes over $1 billion in cash and with sustained financial and operating performance, we continue to return capital to shareholders through execution of our share repurchase program. As David highlighted, our first priority remains investing in our core businesses to enhance shareholder returns and drive sustained long-term growth, be it through investment in existing networks and platforms or through exploring external initiatives. To the extent we have not found sufficient opportunities with attractive financial returns, we've accelerated utilizing the cash on the balance sheet as well as cash generated from operations to repurchase shares. Discovery repurchased $288 million of the Class C shares during the first quarter and has, in total, bought back $1.4 billion under a share repurchase program. Overall, for the last 1.5 years, we have effectively bought back over 50 million shares, reducing the total outstanding share count by 13%. Given the successful share repurchase activity to date, we are increasing our share repurchase authorization by an additional $1 billion in order to enable us to continue to thoughtfully repatriate capital to our shareholders. We will continue to operate our buyback program under a 10b5 plan this quarter, and shares will be purchased according to a predetermined grid with forecasted free cash flow per share governing our share repurchase activity. This metric, in essence, drive the IRR expectation on all current and future share repurchases. That's it. Thanks again for your time, and now David and I will be happy to answer any of your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We got first question from line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: One for David and one for Andrew. David, I'd say most people would probably weigh in that Discovery has been very deliberate in thinking about licensing digitally, but we've had this debate during earnings so far between sort of Time Warner, Viacom and DISH calls, talking about how much content can move online before you start to impact potentially your value proposition to your distributors. I know you speak to your distributors on a regular basis and you've got some big renewals coming up as you enter 2013. So I'd hope you'd be willing to weigh in on how you're thinking about that balancing act to make sure you're maximizing your long-term value versus taking more of a short-term approach in how you gradually expanded your Netflix and Amazon relationships. And I just had a clarification for Andrew. The high-single digit ad growth sort of guidance or pacing for domestic, was that for the remainder of the year or for 2Q? I just wanted to make sure I heard it right.
David M. Zaslav: Okay, thanks, Ben. Let me talk about the digital opportunity. This really is a great time to be in the content business because we've created essentially a new window. We worked very hard to figure out what works for us. And for us, this new window being 18 months and older is significant. Because we use our content domestically and around the world during that window, and so giving it to Netflix and to Amazon where they have 18 months, 2 years, 3 years, 4-year-old content and getting real value for it has been significant in terms of the value it provides to us. As we look at what impact that has on our viewership to date, we haven't seen any impact on the viewership on our traditional channels. And part of that may be that we're only 6 months in. It's very early days. But it's also interesting that a lot of the shows that are being consumed on those platforms are shows that were -- they're no longer on Discovery or TLC or Animal Planet. And so we did keep the deals short so that we have some flexibility. Our Netflix deal was 2 years with 1-year option for us to go for a third. And that dovetails with our deals that come up, Ben, so that if there was a real problem, we could pivot. But so far, we see it as a real opportunity, an additional window that's providing significant value to us. In addition, we have TV Everywhere out there, which provides another opportunity for us to monetize our content. It hasn’t materialized yet in a meaningful way, but it's an attractive platform that would be, if Netflix and Amazon and LOVEFiLM are -- if those platforms are 18 months and older from our perspective, then TV Everywhere would be more of a catch-up and provide some additional incremental value. And so, for us, we've been able to grow market share and take advantage of those platforms. So it's been a good experience so far.
Andrew C. Warren: Ben, regarding your question on ad sales, that's a 2Q number only. Given that's early May, we have good line of sight into 2Q, so that's a 2Q forecast only.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, and I know you said that the favorable conditions continue in 2Q, but that is at least, I guess, technically speaking a little bit of deceleration. Is that sort of conservatism or anything else you're seeing? I just wanted to see if those 2 comments together.
Andrew C. Warren: Well, look, the high single digits it's still a very good number. It's coming off last year's 13%. You still have several weeks or months plus of scatter to book, and ratings mix certainly impact that as well. So we feel good about that number. It's a solid high single-digit, so -- and again, it's coming off a big number last year.
Operator: Next question is from Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So David, I think what stood out this quarter was international. I'm curious how much Western Europe and the U.K. might have been a drag on international ad growth. As strong as ad growth was, could it have been even stronger if those marketplaces were healthier? And separately, I think TLC has been pretty impactful on your growth at International this past year. Do you have enough new networks and feeds in the pipeline that you see new growth drivers stepping in as TLC's growth cycles out?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Doug. The international business is really accelerating, and it's a number of things: one is the sub-growth that we're seeing and you see that on the affiliate side, but it also reflects itself in the overall reach, and therefore, viewership. So you see, Discovery's the #1 most distributed channel in the world and it grew 10% and our overall distribution grew 16%. So that's a helper. And just to give you a sense, Brazil grew 766,000 subscribers in the first quarter. That's more subscribers than the U.S. has added in -- between 3 and 4 years. So we're seeing real growth across Latin America, Russia, India and that's a helper. But more importantly is we've become a strong content company outside the U.S. and the strength of our brands are really resonating. So if you go into Latin America where we have, on average, 11 channels, we have 4 of the top 15 channels. We have Home & Health, which is essentially the Home and Garden of Latin America, and that's a top network for women. We have Discovery Kids, which is, in Brazil it's the #1 cable network in all of Brazil. It's the USA Network of Brazil, but it's strong throughout Latin America. Discovery, Animal Planet and we've launched TLC. And so you see us around the world building those channels. TLC now, all around the world, is a strong female network. Discovery getting stronger. Animal Planet getting stronger. And specifically, in Western Europe and the U.K., we've actually deployed -- it's specific to only a few markets, but in the U.K., we've been able to grow our overall market share by having a broadcast network there where we -- the cost to us is very low because we have our existing content. We also launched a broadcast network in Italy called Real Time, which is a female network, the equivalent of TLC, and that is now the #8 network in all of Italy, including the broadcasters. And so Western Europe and the U.K., for us, has not been a drag at all. We've been able to grow those markets because we've been able to significantly grow market share and take advantage of a robust advertising market. Although maybe not growing, we've gotten a bigger share. And when you look at India where we just launched our new Kids network or Latin America and Russia where we just launched an office and 2 more channels, we're finding that market share is probably 2/3 of our growth and 1/3 of it is the underlying jetstream of subscriber growth.
Operator: Next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Couple of questions on OWN. My recollection was that the first 2 years you pretty much gave the channel away to the Pay TV operators, and you just made a comment that sub fees really kick in next year. Can you talk a little bit about that and what we should expect on the affiliate fee side for a moment?
David M. Zaslav: Sure. Thanks, Jessica. First, I wanted to talk a little bit about what the real story is at OWN. There's been a lot of noise out there. And I wanted to give you my sense of the report card and where we are. When we started OWN, it had virtually no sub fees. We've added about 10 million subscribers, a number -- some of those subscribers will come on this year from Comcast. But the majority of the distributors have now signed up for substantial fees for OWN, and those will kick in on January 1. So what -- we've added 10 million subs, and we've put together a very strong subscriber fee structure. We have strong blue chip advertisers in place, supportive of what Oprah and I and Erik and Sheri are driving. The recipe of what we're doing there in terms of trying to find the right blend of content to nourish the audience is getting -- we're making real progress. We're, on average, about a top 30 network in March. We were the #27 network in America. Despite what you read, we're making real progress. We grew 14% in the first quarter. We're up 17% this quarter. And when you look at us from a standing start, 14 months, and I've launched a lot of networks, here we are 14 months later, we're beating 2/3 of the existing networks in the U.S. And we're ahead of a number of women's networks that have been out there for 5 or 10 years and have been pushed and driven to nourish an audience, and we've gone by them. We've got a long way to go. I feel better about where we are than I ever have. We've done a lot of good work to get the cost structure in position. We're listening to the audience. Oprah's having a lot of fun. She's working very hard. And we said today on the call that we -- we're convinced that by the end of 2013, this business will be cash flow-positive. And we'll spend less money this year funding the business than we did last year. We're committed to the business. We think this has an opportunity to generate significant asset appreciation for us and for Oprah over the long term. We are a long term-driven company. We're growing assets like TLC around the world long term that's now accretive. ID, which was not making a lot of money for a long time, we invested in, we believed in it, now a top 10 network in America, the #4 network during the day. What we do is we build brands, we grow brands and what we see gives us a lot of confidence that this will be a significant asset for us.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And along those lines -- my second question is really along the lines of what you just said. Given the growth you've seen in the last 5 or so, since you've gotten there, your channels are in a completely different place than they were. Can you help us think about, as your contracts come up over the next couple of years, what range we should be thinking about for affiliate fee growth? I mean you're kind of at the lower end now relative to your peers, what do you think the growth rate can get to over the next 1, 2, 3 years?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Jessica. Well, look, our core job is to become a stronger content company, which really means that we want people spending more time with our brands, more time with our channels and to feel more connected to the shows that we have and the characters that we have. And we've been doing that. We've been growing market share year after year. Our overall share of the cable viewership pie has grown significantly. We also have meaningful affinity groups around Science, around ID, around Discovery, around TLC. So we feel that we have a very good story. We were investing about $550 million in content when I got here. Today, we're investing over $1 billion in content. And so we have a very good story. Our deals come up beginning at the end of this year and they feather in between the end of this year and 2015. As we've said before, you'll see a steady flow there. It's not particularly lumpy. We don't have a ton coming up at the end of this year. But our goal is going to be to sit down and talk about the fact that our channels are stronger, and we think that we have a good hand. We think it's recognized by the distributors who are making more money selling our channels. And with the exception of OWN where we've done almost all those deals already, our other 12 channels come up all at once, which we think is a value to us. So we think we're going to do well, and we'll see over the next couple of years how we do, do.
Andrew C. Warren: And Jessica, it's Andy. Just to elaborate on that for a minute. As David said, the affiliate deals roll in over time. There are 3 up end of this year, so there's no impact in 2012. It should be a relatively small impact next year. While we feel very good about our position and our stance today, relatively small impact next year. And again, these roll in over the next several years.
David M. Zaslav: Primarily because the size of the distributors aren't the big ones this year.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One last thing. You made some SVOD deals in the U.S. What about International? How much of an opportunity is that?
David M. Zaslav: Which deals, Jessica?
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The SVOD, Amazon, Netflix, et cetera.
David M. Zaslav: We've -- the U.S. is a mature market and carving out this window of 18 months and older has been -- we're very comfortable with at this point and we think it's working quite well for us. And so we're excited about having more and more players who want to play in that space in TV Everywhere. Outside the U.S. is really more of a country-by-country. It works -- it's much more effective in a mature market where you have viewers that have learned how to consume television in the traditional way and this becomes an add-on. So we're just going to see market-by-market. We own the content and we'll make the decision market-by-market.
Operator: We go to the next question. It's coming from Michael Nathanson from Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 2 for Andy. One question will be the $50 million loss you had this quarter from other net, which is OWN, Hub. What would the number be? I know you've had some restructuring at OWN and some program write-downs, so what's kind of an ongoing number of that $50 million? So how can we think about if this was a normal quarter for the $50 million?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, Michael, we're not going to quantify OWN specifically. I did say that this accounting nuance of our now picking up 100% of the operating losses relative to what we expected was a $10 million after-tax impact, so about $0.03 per share. So it is important just to describe that accounting nuance for a minute to answer the questions that some of you have had. When OWN started with contributed equity, as they ramp up and incur losses, those losses deplete their equity. The accounting nuance is that once their equity is fully depleted like it was in the first quarter, we, as the funding partner, have to pick up 100% of those losses and we will continue to do so, pick up their losses and eventual profits, until they get back into a positive equity position. So we will continue to talk about 100% of losses and profits going forward based on this accounting nuance. But we did have $50 million of other income losses in the quarter. It was predominantly OWN, but we're not going to quantify it specifically.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you just help us with the run rate then for the year of where do you get to for the whole year for that line?
Andrew C. Warren: Yes, it certainly will be less going forward. I mean, there was a -- it was an usual first quarter in that there was the Rosie write-off. There was the lot of restructuring costs associated with rightsizing their cost structure. So those were unusual events in the first quarter that added to that loss profile, but there will definitely be less losses going forward.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, and then one question for you is reprogramming costs within the U.S. I know it's lumpy because of your write-downs last year, but what's a good way to think about the online program expense growth for the year and maybe the seasonality of that for the rest of the way?
Andrew C. Warren: Okay. Well, it clearly is higher in the first half. Basically, it's amort catch-up of prior year investments. I think it's important to look at what our cash was on content for the first quarter, that was up high single digits, so that's probably a better indicator of what that will look like going forward. But clearly, there's a bit of an amort catch-up here in the first half that will abate in the second half as we catch up on prior year investments on content.
Operator: We go next question from David Bank from RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. I guess the first, a little bit of a follow-up on Oprah, David. You gave us a target, I think, a free cash flow breakeven, I think for middle of next year. And I was wondering if you could kind of give a little bit more commentary around profitability of the channel, expectation of when it's no longer a drag on earnings. And maybe to put some context around it, if you took the ratings and cost structure as they are today, right, and you layered in the affiliate fee increases that you sort of have contracted, but maybe not recognizing yet, would that be enough to basically get you to profitability? And the second question, Andy, sorry to make you go back to a year ago. But a year ago, in the second quarter, you guys, I think, had an $8 million nonrecurring benefit on the advertising side. And is that part of what's causing a drag on the pacing or is that x that impact? Well, not a drag, but is that impacting the pacing comp?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, David. On OWN, I had said we're confident that in the second half of 2013 that it will turn cash flow positive. And I don't want to get into a lot of detail, but we have substantial fees, sub fees, coming in. We have good participation with advertisers. We have growing ratings. The channel right now is the #30 channel. We do not -- we're on plan, we're ahead of plan this past -- all throughout this year. And so the expectation here is not that the channel needs to morph into -- to find dramatic additional rating increases. We expect that it'll continue to improve based on the continued improvement that we'll be able to get to profitability when you count in the subscriber fees and the advertising, and we feel good about that. So I don't want to get into any more detail, but we're making a lot of progress. We're building an audience. On average, we have a weekly cume of about 15 million people coming into OWN. And based on the rating trends that we have right now, we're comfortable that we'll be -- that we'll make the turn in the second half.
Andrew C. Warren: And to answer your question on the $8 million. Yes, that does actually dilute our year-over-year growth rate. It is impactful to the second quarter last year. So yes, it impacts the growth rate.
Operator: The next question from the line of John Janedis from UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: David, you often talk about the opportunity at ID and the gap between the network and getting networks to similar ratings. With the ratings growth there that you're seeing, have you been able to close the gap, or is the network just growing so quickly that the gap's harder to close?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, John. ID, I love to talk about ID because in my 25-plus years in the business, I haven't seen anything like it. I mean, if you look over the last 10 years, ID is now from a standing start of 4 years ago, top 10 network in America and the #4 network in daytime. And to answer your question, no. And we -- Joe and the team have done a very good job of beginning that journey of growing the CPM to monetize the ratings growth within ID. But it's probably going to take us another 2 to 3 years to that. It is improving. There's no question that the advertising community is recognizing that if they want to reach women during the day that ID is a fantastic vehicle. It has the largest length of view of any cable channel in the U.S. And the other thing that's really interesting about the ID growth trajectory is of the people in America that have ID, and that's in about 80 million homes, only 50% of them know they have it. Now that's up from 30% about 1.5 years ago or a year ago. But you will see growth from ID by -- you're seeing it by word-of-mouth. Have you seen this channel? You got to watch it. So we think we're going to continue to grow the overall audience. But more importantly, even if the audience was flat, we would see substantial growth for the next 2 or 3 years as Joe and the sales team get through this catch-up process of getting real full value for a very strong female service.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And David, maybe on Destination America, can you talk a bit more about it? The content seems like it may have a lot broader appeal than maybe Planet Green. What kind of investments are you going to put in there? And is there an opportunity for broader distribution over time?
David M. Zaslav: Yes, we're going to start off small. We -- the great thing about Destination America is it was really generated through talking with advertisers, about how do we create a service that's more friendly. And if you look at our core strategy, we're about all -- within the U.S., we're about all of America. So TLC has become a top network for women by really servicing women in America, but primarily -- not New York and L.A., America. And a lot of Discovery, although it's broader based, does come from servicing all of America. And so Destination America is, we think, is within the sweet spot. The great thing about it is we have this huge library of content that will work very well under Destination America. It already is. We're up 30% by just changing the mix of content that we already own. So the investment will be small, but we expect that we're going to be able to do a success-based growth strategy where over the next couple of years, as it grows, we'll invest more money. But it will be small, and we think the results should be pretty good to start.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Spencer Wang, Crédit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. First, I just want to drill into the U.S. distribution revenue, I guess for Andy. So we take out the $50 million in the digital licensing revenues, the growth was about 4.7%. So we assume that there was a little bit of uplift from digital subscriber growth as the core affiliate rate growth per sub in the kind of 4% to 4.5% rate, so that's the first question. And then second on advertising in the upfront this year. Some of the online video providers like YouTube and Hulu and Vivo are making a more active push this year. Do you think online video for the upfront is incremental to the market, or do you think that marketers allocate some of what they spend from linear to online?
David M. Zaslav: Let me take the second one in terms of online video. It's too early to tell. There's a lot going on there. We made an acquisition. It was a small in terms of the overall economics for us, not material. But we acquired Revision3. One of the reasons we did is they had about 100 million streams viewed last month. And 100 million streams in a month is significant. It's not highly produced content. It's a different approach that we take. But we think that there may be something there. We don't know. We love the management team and so when you take our entire library and a small asset like Revision3, it allows us to be contemporary and play in that space and build some competency there. There's no sign that economics are moving there in any meaningful way. But we have to watch it, and that's why we set up some -- a camp there where we can play in that space and get to know the whole crew there. On the distributions side, let me pass it over to Andy.
Andrew C. Warren: So the affiliate number, the 5% was a combination of both digital rate and subscriber growth, say, about 4% of the total 5% was rate growth, though, in total.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente, Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have 2. At the risk of putting too fine a point on your 25% constant currency international ad growth, you mentioned the subscriber growth of 10%. So I guess that leaves about 15% that's either coming from impressions per user or pricing. I'm wondering which of those 2 is a bigger driver.
David M. Zaslav: I would say it's probably pretty balanced. One of the things that you see when you saw our cost structure go up a little bit is that 4 years ago we were selling Pan-European and Pan-Asian. So we set out on the strategy of doing local sales in each market. In many of those markets, we have boots on the ground. But in certain markets, we just had an agency representing us. And so one of the things you've seen in terms of costs is we've taken over some of that. So I would say in terms of our ability to monetize our content, it varies region-by-region. But we were probably a C or a C- minus 5 years ago. Today, we're probably a B. In some markets, maybe a little bit better than that. But we're doing a better job of dealing with our -- the power ratio and getting our fair share, and some of that is because we set up our own operations in Russia, in each of the markets in Latin America, taking back as we get more scale, our own sales team. And of course, you look at markets like Brazil, it's 24% penetrated, Mexico, 36% penetrated. If you can remember back to the U.S., that not only is that broad CPM differential, but viewership on cable tends to cascade. As you hit that 30% and 35% penetration, more and more people start spending time on the cable platforms, so viewership on cable grows and the advertisers becomes more palatable for -- starts with a direct response. But given the price differential, advertisers start to move over. And so in the emerging markets, whether it be India, throughout Latin American and Russia, you're starting to see that as an additional wind.
Andrew C. Warren: And Anthony, just to add to what David said, the 16% number also benefited from the lower launching amort in the quarter. So it was actually about 11% in absolute growth, 15% when you include the lower amort.
Operator: We go to next question from Alexia Quadrani from JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you give us any color, I guess, how you're thinking about how additive TV Everywhere may be to your affiliate revenues when you renew some of those deals or even before? And just following up on your earlier questions, I guess on content, your digital deals for content, are you hearing any pushback from MSOs about these deals? And do you think it becomes sort of a bigger issue or an issue at all in your upcoming affiliate negotiation?
David M. Zaslav: Okay, thanks so much. On TV Everywhere, the good news is that we're in agreement with all of our distributors that in order to do TV Everywhere, we have to reach an agreement and at this point, we haven't reached a deal with anybody to provide TV Everywhere. We are supportive of TV Everywhere as a business model. It allows us -- pretty soon, we know that it's measured on the computer. It'll soon hopefully be measured on the iPad. And therefore, it becomes an advertising opportunity in order to maintain our overall viewership share. But we haven't reached a deal yet. And so we are supportive and the discussion now is about value, and we think the value is significant. And it will be over the next couple of months that we figure out between us and the distributors how to fairly parse that value and how that value could come to us, whether it be in terms of subscriber economics or additional distribution or -- there are a lot of different ways that we could exchange value for TV Everywhere. So we're encouraged by it. We hope that we can reach some deals over the next year. In terms of the content, we were pretty disciplined about the type of content that we put in and we carved out a very specific window, which is 18 months and older. Before we did the deal, we sat down with all of our distributors and talked about what we were doing. And so we didn't get a lot of pushback from providing this deal. I think part of it has to do with it may be different than others. Yet, we didn't put all of our best content on. We only put content that was 18 months and older. And if you look at it in the aggregate, most of the content is 2 and 3 years old. And so we don't think it'll have an impact. But having said that, given how fast the world changes and moves, we did keep the deals tight. So that if we find ourselves before our deals come up that, in some way, it does present a problem that we could -- we have an opportunity to readdress that issue. But at this point, we don't see that and we see the economics as incremental, which is a positive for us.
Operator: We got the next question from Richard Greenfield from BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: When you look at the benefit you're getting from the digital revenues, curious if there's some way you could put it into context. Do you get a sense -- I know it's been a couple quarters now for Netflix, how much viewership of your content do you think you're actually getting on these new platforms, specifically Netflix? Really, it's probably too early for Amazon. And how do you think that relates to the price you're generating from that content? Does it -- is it actually too much? Is it too little? And what are you getting in terms of early data? And then just quickly, if you x out the digital deals in this quarter, you did have a little bit of margin contraction. Could you just give as any more color on when we should expect to see that turn because of the costs? Will you expect that to turn in the third quarter, does that make sense?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Rich. First of all, the issue of -- Netflix and Amazon, we think, have created a great service to consumers where they can view content that they otherwise wouldn't be able to see and obviously because of the demand for it, consumers are enjoying it. From our perspective, and you won't be surprised by this, in the content business, I strongly believe that content drives all of those platforms. Whether it be -- I've talked about the deals that we did in the content business with Apple. As compelling as those platforms are or the devices, without the content, whether if it's a wire or a platform, I'm not going to say that it's a dumb pipe, but it is a device and without great content, it's just a device and the sexiness of it doesn't last. And so the value that we provide to Netflix, to Amazon or to TV Everywhere or to any of these or to Apple is to really, in the long term, drive the demand for those platforms. Because in the end, the way that you can manipulate whatever's on there is only fun if you want to consume the content that's on the platform. So we think that the value of our content is very high. It has been -- we have seen meaningful consumption. But it's been a surprise. Some of our best shows continue to be consumed primarily on traditional linear television and there are some older shows, some ones you would never expect where there's a lot of energy behind...
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Can you give us some examples?
David M. Zaslav: I don't want to get into detail, but there's a fair amount of viewership of shows that we're not even carrying and haven't carried for a while on our networks. And so I think it's very early days. Consumers are trying to decide how they want to use those platforms and different ways to consume. So for us, it's good. And we expect that over time, as long as there's competitive environment, that we'll be able to get good price for our content because our content is strong and it's demanded by consumers. On the margin piece, we've -- we did say all along that the first half would be -- we would spend more, whether it's on marketing for Frozen Planet or investing in TLC or ID and that it would -- the margins would grow in the second half, particularly in the fourth quarter, but let me pass it to Andy for a final.
Andrew C. Warren: That's right, Rich. The OIBDA margin was impacted by really 2 timing events: the catch-up on the content amort as well as what Dave said, the premiere of Frozen Planet and the marketing support of that. We definitely expect in the second half for the OIBDA margin to get back to normal levels.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: But is there any way to look at what organically margins did this quarter if you x out kind of the onetime events?
Andrew C. Warren: Really flat.
Operator: And now I would like to turn the call over to Craig Felenstein for the closing remarks. Go ahead.
Craig Felenstein: Sure. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. We appreciate your time. And If you have any follow-ups, please give us a holler in New York and we're happy to take care of you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a good day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein -  David M. Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Bradley E. Singer - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Discovery Communications, Incorporated, Earnings Conference Call. My name is Anne, and I will be your coordinator for today's call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Craig Felenstein, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, Anne. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Discovery Communications Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Singer, our Chief Financial Officer. Hopefully, you have all received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Brad, after which we will open the call up for your questions. We urge you to please keep to 1 or 2 questions, so we can accommodate as many folks as possible. Before we start, I'd like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and our subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn it over to David.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2011 was another fantastic year for Discovery. The company delivered double-digit revenue and OIBDA growth marking our fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth since becoming a public company in 2008. With the backdrop of global uncertainty, rapid technological advances and increasing competition across platforms, Discovery's ability to grow consistently over that time period underscores the sturdiness of our business model, the opportunity present across our global distribution platform and the universal appeal and long shelf life of our nonfiction content. Discovery's 2011 results demonstrate our continued focus on creating high-quality programming and then leveraging that content around the globe, as well as across a growing number of digital and consumer platforms. We did benefit from the continued strength of the ad market, both domestically and internationally. But more importantly, the double-digit growth and the sustained operating momentum speaks to our ability to take advantage of the opportunities provided by our unique infrastructure, as well as from an evolving media landscape. Before we take your questions, let me take a few minutes to highlight some of the initiatives that helped drive our success during this past year and discuss some of the opportunities we expect to leverage in order to sustain this momentum in 2012 and beyond. Around the world, demand for high-quality content has never been higher. Consumers are watching more television than ever before across traditional and developing distribution channels. Discovery's sustained strategy of building brands and capturing market share by investing on the screen to produce the best creative nonfiction content with great storytelling and compelling characters continues to pay dividends. You've heard me say in the past that while we are a great platform company, with 14 networks domestically and between 2 and 13 channels in over 210 countries globally, we are on a journey to become a great content company as well. In 2011, we took significant strides toward this goal by strengthening existing networks, extending popular brands around the world, investing in new brands to take advantage of our unique reach and tapping into new opportunities to further monetize our content library. Discovery Channel is the most widely distributed network in the world and the largest contributor of our overall revenues and cash flow. Approximately 70% of what we create on Discovery in the U.S. gets used in some capacity around the globe, and with that sort of global brand strength, keeping Discovery's domestic content pipeline strong and fresh has been a top priority. Over the past few years, Discovery's viewership was led primarily by tried and true hits, Dirty Jobs, MythBusters, Man vs. Wild and Deadliest Catch. And while the sustained success of these shows speaks to the durability of our content, we have been extremely focused on developing new tentpoles to engage audiences and drive viewership growth. In 2011, we added to our stable of big hits with several returning series delivering significant ratings gains versus a year ago, including Flying Wild Alaska, Sons of Guns and most notably, Gold Rush. Gold Rush grew its viewership 35% versus its first season and is the #1 show in television on Friday nights, beating all other cable networks and broadcast networks. And success begets success as we leverage the larger audiences on these returning series to drive several new series, including Moonshiners. The net result was fourth quarter viewership at Discovery was up 17%, and that momentum has continued into 2012 with viewership in January up versus a year ago. Helping drive the success last month was another new series launched on the back of Gold Rush, Bering Sea Gold, which delivered the highest-rated premiere of any series in the history of Discovery Channel. So with a bigger stable of returning hits, a great slate of new series and several blue-chip specials, including Frozen Planet, the 7-part documentary series, which is 4-plus years in the making and the successor to Planet Earth. It will debut in March, and it drew a bigger audience than Planet Earth in the U.K. when it ran 2 months ago. Discovery is truly poised to build upon its success this past year. We also developed additional tentpoles at other fully distributed networks. TLC delivered its highest viewership among women 25 to 54 in 7 years despite the absence of Sarah Palin's Alaska which aired in the fourth quarter a year ago. TLC has developed several young series to add to its stable of 25 established hits, including first-year series Long Island Medium, as well as returning series Sister Wives and Next Great Baker, each of which significantly grew their viewership this past season. Animal Planet, while down in 2011 from its strong performance in 2010, also developed several new hits this past year to complement the continuing success of River Monsters and Whale Wars and has a deeper stable than ever before heading into 2012. Their resurgence is already taking place with the return of Finding Bigfoot, along with the premiere of Gator Boys, helping to drive January viewership up 18%. Our strongest initiative domestically continues to be the record growth at Investigation Discovery, where we are capitalizing on the opportunity to build this brand and own a popular programming category. ID remains the fastest-growing network in cable. It's hard to keep calling this an emerging network, as it has certainly emerged. ID was a top 10 network for women 25 to 54 in January. Popular series such as Stolen Voices, Buried Secrets; On the Case with Paula Zahn; and Stalked drove viewership this past year up over 40% in its key demos following over 60% growth in 2010. And its growth is broad based with every night of the week delivering well over 20% growth. People not only tune into ID but they keep watching. It's the #1 channel in all of television for length of view, making it an even more attractive advertising platform, and we're really capitalizing on its success. ID was the largest driver of our domestic ad growth this past year, and with ratings continuing to rise, we're focused on further driving the CPMs and volume of this network in 2012. We're also delivering larger audiences at several of our other younger networks including Science and Military, both of which grew viewership this past year. And we took further steps to create additional value for advertisers by rebranding FitTV, Discovery Fit & Health and relaunching HD Theater as Velocity, both of which deliver key advertiser demographics and are attracting larger advertising dollars. The net result of our content efforts was market share growth in both viewership and advertising dollars. Viewership increased 3% across our portfolio in 2011, and this performance combined with pricing strength as well as increased demand helped us to drive mid-teen ad growth excluding onetime items. This growth, which built upon the 13% growth we delivered in 2010, speaks not only to the strong ad market but to the breadth and depth of the brands we have built, as well as the strategy that our best-in-class ad team formulated to maximize the market and viewership opportunities. Looking out to 2012 on the domestic ad front, we are off to a great start. And while it's still early, with a strong upfront under our belts, a strong and steady scatter pricing environment, cancellations in line with a year ago and meaningful momentum across our portfolio, we are optimistic that 2012 will be another year of solid ad growth domestically. Advertising was not the only area where we leveraged the quality and breadth of our content in 2011. We were able to generate significant additional value from tapping into the existing library we built over the last 27 years. As I said last quarter when we announced our Netflix deal, this is a great time to be in the content business. People are watching more TV over multiple platforms, and because we own the majority of our programming, Discovery is particularly well positioned to take advantage of these opportunities. We've said all along that Discovery is platform agnostic with regards to distributing our content, and in 2012, we anticipate additional opportunities to exploit the growing value of our content library. We also took several steps this year to further build our joint ventures, establishing real building blocks which should help drive viewership in 2012. OWN launched in January, and the network's focus this year was on establishing a foundation for Oprah's arrival on the network. The network learned a great deal about its audience, developing a wide array of new content and formats including several series which will be returning this year, such as Our America with Lisa Ling and Sweetie Pie's. Oprah is now fully engaged with her creative leadership team, and OWN is off to a nice start in 2012, with her hit show, Oprah's Next Chapter, setting viewing records for the network when it premiered. Oprah will be featured in additional formats throughout the year, so with sustained support from advertisers and affiliates and with multiple building blocks in place, we're excited to grow this network in 2012. The Hub also made significant strides during 2011, building its audience every quarter, and in the fourth quarter, our first with apples-to-apples comparisons, The Hub posted 31% gains in total day among kids 2 to 11. With a great slate of both new and returning series set for 2012, it's poised to build its audience in the year ahead. We are excited about the momentum across our U.S. Network portfolio and the prospects for driving it forward in 2012. But the true differentiator for us is the fact that our International business in 2011 delivered $645 million in OIBDA, up from $250 million 4 years ago, making International more than 1/3 of our business today. We have significant opportunities for sustainable growth across our International business given its deep and wide geographic footprint. We believe we have the best international media business, period.   There remains strong organic growth in Pay TV globally, which this year helped drive affiliate growth of 11% in local currency terms. And we fully expect Pay TV growth to continue moving forward given that Pay TV penetration is low worldwide including below 40% across Latin America as well as Central and Eastern Europe. However, that is only part of the opportunity. Increased penetration not only drives affiliate revenues but also provides a more attractive platform for advertisers, and we have taken numerous steps to bolster our content and further drive advertising growth. We said 18 months ago we wanted to build a second global flagship in the female demo to complement Discovery much like we have here in the United States, and we have done just that with the swift and effective rollout of TLC. Today, TLC is in more than 115 million homes in over 150 markets, making TLC the most distributed female cable brand in the world. And the response from advertisers and viewers alike has exceeded our expectations. In many markets like Poland, Norway, Denmark, Sweden, we have a top network for women already, and the business is making money today. TLC was not our only new initiative this past year. We also launched 20 new feeds including several free-to-air networks to capitalize on our market position and platform strength. Led by Real Time in Italy, which has become a top 10 network for women in under a year, our free-to-air revenues increased over 65% this year on top of 60% growth a year ago. So we are finding additional avenues of growth even in more competitive markets. Overall, our new initiatives have already created significant value, contributing nearly half of our 18% ad growth internationally this past year. Our ad sales internationally now exceed $0.5 billion, and we will continue to be opportunistic in taking advantage of the unmatched platform we have built. It's too early to predict what will happen in 2012, but with penetration of Pay TV continuing, advertising continuing to look stable and growing, and a stronger content position from domestic success and international investment, we're poised to build upon our international growth in the year ahead. As we look to further exploit the domestic and international potential inherent in our platform, we remain focused on being diligent stewards of our already strong balance sheet. We generated over $1 billion of free cash flow in 2011, and delivering free cash flow remains a priority. We will only invest additional capital in those opportunities where we see significant upside. We'll continue to invest in content, but we'll do so incrementally, such as we have done with ID and our rollout of TLC globally. At the same time, we'll remain diligent in keeping SG&A cost stable, so we can continue to focus our spending on what goes on the screen. While investing in our existing content and businesses remains our top priority, we also continue to explore additional ways to deploy capital either through strategic acquisitions or through returning capital to our shareholders. In 2011, we returned just under $1 billion in capital to our shareholders, and with nearly $900 million still available under our buyback program, we will continue to return capital to shareholders aggressively if it is the best use of our balance sheet. Before I finish up, I'd be remiss if I did not acknowledge that this is Brad's last earnings call with Discovery. Our new CFO, Andy Warren, will be joining us next month, and I look forward to working with Andy to further drive our business and exploit the growth opportunities that remain ahead for Discovery. Brad has been a great financial and strategic partner to me and the whole team here at Discovery. Over the last 3 years, he built enormous value for us. He's a brilliant guy. I will miss him personally as well the whole leadership team. So with that, I'll -- he's going to be with us for another 60 days or so, but I'm going to pass it on to my good friend, Brad Singer.
Bradley E. Singer: Thanks, David. Discovery continued to produce solid operating results during the fourth quarter, as a favorable operating environment enabled us to enjoy double-digit global ad growth and strong international subscriber gains. Total fourth quarter revenues increased 11% compared to the prior year led by 11% domestic revenue growth and 13% international growth excluding the unfavorable foreign exchange impact. Our total operating expenses were greater than previously anticipated for the quarter. The 12% increase included $20 million of higher content costs from changes in amortization rates at a few networks based on our annual review of airing patterns and increased impairment charges; $7 million of unfavorable FX impact due to significant currency moves in the quarter, which partially reversed in January; and approximately $10 million of accelerating investments in certain future initiatives. Excluding the higher content impairment charges and adverse foreign exchange impact, expenses increased 9%. As a result of our ability to generate strong global revenue growth, we increased our adjusted OIBDA 8% to $498 million compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency and the de-consolidation of Discovery Health, adjusted OIBDA increased 12%. Net income increased 71% to $337 million, reflecting our improved operating performance and lower book taxes due to the recognition of $112 million of foreign tax credits offset by $20 million in intangible impairment charges related to our commerce operations. Our free cash flow increased to $324 million in the fourth quarter, as our solid operating performance was complemented by lower tax payments and favorable working capital. Looking back on our full year 2011 performance, our ability to continue to consistently grow revenues, adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow demonstrates the strength and diversity of our operations and our ability to execute in a competitive global environment. Our team produced 12% revenue and 13% adjusted OIBDA growth. We also generated 21% growth in free cash flow, normalizing for the impact of prior year debt refinancing and timing of tax payments while continuing to invest in our networks and operations worldwide. Turning to the operating units. Our U.S. operations continued to perform well during the fourth quarter. Domestic revenues grew 11%, with 13% ad revenue growth complemented by 7% domestic affiliate fee growth. Excluding the impact of Discovery Health and positive nonrecurring items, our ad revenue grew 17% and affiliate revenue 8%, robust ad growth due to the performance -- the strong performance of our domestic ad sales team and a favorable pricing and demand environment. For the year, our U.S. sales team again delivered double-digit growth, increasing ad sales 14% excluding the impact of Discovery Health and nonrecurring items, and this was on top of the 13% increase we delivered in 2010. Our distribution teams equally distinguished themselves with 12% sales growth for the year, including the expanded digital licensing agreement. The attractive current market conditions continue to exist in the first quarter. We anticipate low-double-digit ad growth compared to the prior year, which grew 15% in the first quarter of 2011 adjusted for the impact of Discovery Health. Our domestic operating expenses increased 10% in the fourth quarter due to higher levels of content investment including $16 million of increased content impairment and accelerated amortization. SG&A expenses grew low-single digits compared to the prior year. For the year, our U.S. domestic team's strong revenue growth was partially offset by the increased investment in content, producing a 10% adjusted OIBDA increase.   Turning to our international operations. Revenues increased 13% excluding 1% due to unfavorable exchange rates led by 19% ad and 11% affiliate revenue growth, respectively. International affiliate revenue was led by strong global subscriber growth, particularly in Latin America, with our most fully distributed network, Discovery Channel, growing subscribers 10% on a global basis. Our 19% international advertising revenue growth was led by Western Europe and benefited typically from the rollout and continued strong performance of Real Time and TLC. We also enjoyed significant growth in CEMEA and Latin America. Excluding the unfavorable currency impact to our expenses, our operating expenses were up nearly 13%, primarily driven by increased content investment and 3% related to the impairment of certain programming assets along with incremental investment in certain growth initiatives. Excluding the foreign currency impact, our international operations increased adjusted OIBDA 15%. The fourth quarter capped the international team's terrific performance throughout 2011, with another year of double-digit revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth. For 2011, total revenues grew 13%, and adjusted OIBDA grew 18%, following 22% growth in 2010 excluding the impact of foreign exchange. As we look forward to 2012, we are encouraged by the fact that the beneficial pricing and ad trends we have experienced in 2011 are continuing in 2012 in the U.S. and for the majority of the markets in our international operations. For 2012, we are forecasting revenue in the range of $4.45 billion to $4.6 billion. We anticipate adjusted OIBDA of $2.05 billion to $2.15 billion, primarily driven by our revenue growth. Operating expenses are expected to increase low- to mid-single digits in 2012 driven by higher content amortization as well as continued investment in growth initiatives. Based on the timing of our investment initiatives, we anticipate expense growth to be more weighted in the first half of 2012. For comparative purposes, the midpoint of our guidance excluding the recognition of the large digital distribution agreement in 2011 and 2012 implies revenue growth of 9% and adjusted OIBDA growth of 12%. Our net income is expected to be between $975 million and $1,075,000,000, as our anticipated strong operating performance will be offset by more normalized tax rate. Please note that 2011 included a gain of $129 million in the first quarter associated with OWN, as well as a $112 million tax credit recognition in the fourth quarter. We anticipate generating free cash flow in 2012 at approximately the same levels of 2011, while we expect to significantly improve our cash from operations due to the growth in our revenue. Our increased operating performance is anticipated to be offset by higher cash taxes by approximately $200 million due to the expiration of Section 181 domestic content production deduction. The Section 181 impact is a combination of the elimination of the current year deduction and the 2011 recapture prior year accelerated amortization. We often incorporate into our free cash flow guidance the beneficial impact to our working capital of the long-term incentive compensation payments that will be -- will likely be at least $75 million less than 2011, as well as the incremental working capital needs due to our growing operations. With our sturdy financial position and strong operating performance, we invested almost $1.2 billion since the beginning of the year in strategic initiatives and thoughtfully returning capital to our shareholders. We returned almost $1 billion to our shareholders, repurchasing 27 million shares of our Class C shares. Since the initiation of our share repurchase plan in August 2010, we have effectively repurchased 44 million shares, reducing our outstanding share count by 10%. Our first priority is to invest our capital in our core business to enhance our shareholders' returns. To the extent we have not found opportunities with attractive financial returns, we will likely accelerate utilizing the cash on our balance sheet as well as the cash we generate from operations to repurchase shares. In closing, we hope everyone tunes in to Discovery for our stunning series Frozen Planet, as well as the return of Long Island Medium on TLC and Tanked on Animal Planet and Deadly Sins on ID. Before we take your questions, I want to thank all the terrific people at Discovery for making a great company to work in and a special thanks to David and our board for giving me the opportunity to be part of Discovery. Since this is my last earnings call, I also want to thank all of our shareholders and analysts who have helped make being a public company CFO enjoyable. With that, David and I will happily take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So let me ask you guys on advertising because I think it's fair to say that many of your peers so far have come in kind of below refar [ph] on advertising domestically, and it looks like soft scatter was kind of one of the reasons why. So can we just stop and get [ph] some questions on advertising? So one question would be did you sell more of this upfront versus last upfront? And was that one of the reasons why this quarter was better?
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Michael. Well, we did sell more in the upfront than we have in the past, but we also moved early on scatter, and we found the scatter, really, the pricing was quite strong throughout the quarter, remains strong, but a lot of the momentum, the fact we were able to -- Joe and his team were able to get 17% growth is our networks were strong. Discovery is really back with a lot of momentum, and we hit all demographics with Discovery male, TLC female, a lot of our other networks working. We also built some of our new networks this year, not just ID but Fit and Health and Velocity and Science kind of having a -- all having a little bit of a stronger profile on the advertising side. And not only do we hit all demos, but ID is enormously strong in daytime. So we tend to really lean on Primetime, but ID provided a great vehicle for us as the top network in America in daytime. And so it's all of that and together with Joe Abruzzese, I think, being the master of managing inventory and at motivating a great sales team. And so it was a great result for the year and a very strong performance in maximizing our rating points in the quarter.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Can I ask you just 2 follow-ups? One was how much did ID contribute as a percentage of growth. In the past it's been about 1/4 to 30% or so of growth in the quarter. Is that a fair assessment this quarter?
David M. Zaslav: We don't speak to specifics, but we -- with ID now in 80 million homes and having to be a top 10 network, it's going to take a while for us to get the CPMs where we think they should be. But we have a team really focused on that, and it is becoming a bigger contributor, and we expect over the next 2 and 3 years as we get paid commensurate with the value that we're providing that it'll be an even bigger growth provider.
Bradley E. Singer: And, Michael, to put it numerically, about 2/3 of the growth was price and volume, so the market, and about 1/3 was audience.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then last, what about the NBA strike? I know you guys don’t have any NBA, so was that -- do see money that may have been coming from NBA-targeted dollars coming to you guys?
David M. Zaslav: Yes, it's hard to tag any of that as being a benefit. I'm sure generically, it was helpful that, that male demo was available, but we can't draw any direct lines as to whether that was helpful or how much.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Spencer Wang with Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Since, Brad, it's your last call, I'm focusing my questions for you. I was wondering if, Brad, you could give us some more color on the -- what's prompting the change in the amortization rates. Are you guys effectively shortening the amor life for certain programming? So any color there would be helpful. And then what are you assuming in your revenue guidance for 2012 with respect to FX and any sort of incremental digital deals?
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. With regard to amortization rates, every year, we do once a year a study of our airing patterns to see what's the appropriate rate to amortize. And so for the big fully distributed networks, that generally hasn't changed. We do 50% the first year, 25% the second, 15% the third and 10% the fourth. The younger networks, because they are younger, generally have some change. So we had about a $10 million dollar adjustment to several of the younger networks that -- and it reflects the full year amortization that you take in that one quarter you do the study. And that's what happened. So usually, it's been de minimis. This year it happened to be about $10 million. With regard to FX, it has almost no impact over the course of 2012. It will have more of an impact in the first half of the year and less in the second half, is kind of how it'll run through based on current rates. And with regard to digital distribution deals, our guidance only incorporates what we have signed today and announced. It doesn't have anything that we are working on or have not announced yet.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two questions. One, and maybe you mentioned this in prepared remarks, but if you had any guidance for your cash investment in programming in '12, roughly growth rates versus '11 that would be helpful. And then, David, as you look to TV Everywhere, I'm wondering if you think there's an opportunity to potentially open up some contracts earlier than they were normally expiring, given we're seeing such an increased demand from the distributors to put stuff on an authenticated platform. I know your contracts sort of start to renew next year, and it sort of builds over the next couple of years, but do you think there's an opportunity to start doing some deals earlier to help generate incremental revenue and also give distributors access to more programming across more platforms?
Bradley E. Singer: I'll take the first one, Ben, on just on the cash investment. What our guidance would imply is a high-single-digits cash investment in programming for next year.
David M. Zaslav: On the TV Everywhere, Ben, our deals come up beginning at the end of this year and then they're kind of staggered, but we are in agreement with all of our distributors that our existing deals do not provide for them to have any rights to TV Everywhere for any of our content, which is a good thing. We own all of our content and with our networks and our brand stronger, we love TV Everywhere. We think it's a good opportunity for viewers to consume more of our content. We're happy about the fact that the distributors are deploying it. Right now, we're in a discussion of what's the value. We think that there's substantial value there. And if we can agree on value, then you'll see our content on TV Everywhere, and it might be a TV Everywhere deal. It might be a deal where we give TV Everywhere and we extend early. But it really is going to depend on us coming to an agreement with the distributors on what's fair value for all of our content on TV Everywhere, which today is not just streaming of content on other platforms, but it's the ability to pull down and watch specific shows that you've missed.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I assume you're going to the buy side because you want to talk to all of us more often without this Reg FD thing in the way. But we need at least one arcane accounting question for you, so on Section 181 impact, can you walk us through how that carries forward into 2013? Is that an easy comp in 2013 for free cash flow to the extent there's sort of a catch-up in '12? And then for -- David, I think this is implicit in the comment that you're going to continue to do online deals, but just hoping for an update on what you're seeing in terms of potential for online cannibalizing traditional viewing. You mentioned in the last call you continue to study that data, so any update on what you're seeing there would be helpful.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure, Doug. The way it works for Section 181 is you had an immediate deduction of your domestic content, and now we're going to be deducting it over the 4-year amortization cycle, which would be what -- kind of what I outlined as 50% the first year, 25% the second, 15% the third and 10% the fourth. And so that'll -- what your previous deductions that you accelerated will reverse over those 4 years, and your current deductions will then build over those 4 years. And so you'll have a lessening effect each of the next 4 years as you move forward. And all of -- anyone who produces domestic content, our peers, too, will all have the same consideration to sweep the bigger threat [ph].
David M. Zaslav: On the new platforms, as you'd expect, we're in discussions with a number of players that are interested in a window similar to Netflix, which is 18 months plus, and then as we just discussed TV Everywhere, which is a tighter window. It's really too early to tell, Doug. From the data that we've seen so far, it doesn't seem it's -- the viewership is pretty spread across a lot of our different shows, and we have not seen anything that would indicate to us that this is cannibalizing us. We're excited about this window, this 18-month window. It provides meaningful incremental value to us. We like the fact that there are other players in the marketplace, but we're going to watch it. It's one of the reasons we did a -- we restructured our deal with Netflix as a 2-year deal with a right for us to extend for one year because we want to take a hard look at behaviorally how is our content consumed and then what impact, either positive or negative, it has on viewership. So far, we haven't seen any.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of David Bank with RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Brad, I want to say goodbye, and as a goodbye gift, I have 2 questions for you, hopefully, since you can't not take me for the next call. The first question will be real quick. Can you give us a sense of how Oprah equity income or loss kind of trends in your guidance for next year? And the second is if you look at next year and your sort of content amortization versus cash spend, can you talk about how the delta looks between those 2 items next year versus this year?
Bradley E. Singer: David, what I'd say is we don't comment on any of our individual networks in terms of their profitability, but we incorporate it into our guidance, so that's how -- I think that's a consistent comment whether it's in equity pickup or it comes through above the line. With regard to the delta between amortization and cash, it generally runs -- this year, it ran around $30 million to $40 million. It should be somewhere in that same area because you're always slightly behind when -- in terms of your spending, as the spending is modestly -- is increasing in that kind of the high-single digits.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, so a similar delta.
Bradley E. Singer: Yes, that's right.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have a question on affiliate renewals. David, you said they start coming up at the end of this year. Can you kind of size what percentage of your subs come up over the next 1, 2 and 3 years? And so upfront's more about like positioning. A lot of the cable operators have reported, and they talked about or they've given guidance of high-single digits in programming expenses. Is this the right range to think about for you guys? Or given your ratings growth since the last contract, should you be at a completely different level?
David M. Zaslav: We don't break out when our deals come up, but our focus has been over the last couple of years and it's going to continue to be for this year and next year, is to make our channel stronger. All of our channels come up at the same time, which is helpful. And we have seen a building on some of our niche channels. We have Discovery Español. It's either the #1 or 2 network in America for men in the Hispanic space; having TLC continue to be #1 or 2 for women 1 or 2 nights a week, hopefully, even maybe 3 as we approach those negotiations; having Discovery back really strong. We're the #1 network in America including the broadcasters on Friday nights, making Science a more compelling niche channel, having ID be a top 10 network for women. All of those I think give us stronger hand, and when we look, we see we're growing our market share and how does our market share trends -- how does that market share align with the amount of value that we're getting from the distributors, and so we expect to go to the distributors, hopefully, with a lot more value and they get to sell our channels. And we'll be looking for more value, and we'll -- we think that we'll do well, and we'll see how it goes.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then I just want to -- in the guidance, is there any, I mean, do you -- implications of rebranding Planet Green or reinvesting or rebranding any another channel?
Bradley E. Singer: Our guidance has a broad enough range that we have a -- certain growth initiatives whether it's rebranding or doing anything along those lines internationally, domestically that incorporates our current plans.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield with BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. The first one, David, you definitely sounded more upbeat about OWN, but this is a channel that's had pretty constant management upheavals over the last couple of years, and I think consumers are still struggling to even know the channel that OWN is actually on. I was just wondering from just an agreement standpoint what are your rights actually to terminate the joint venture and actually use that channel position in some other way, meaning could you turn Oprah into a digital channel -- an online network and repurpose the actual channel position? And then secondly, a question that ties onto something Brad mentioned recently in an investor conference, if Discovery was actually offered rate card to distribute its entire suite of networks bundled with some of the other channel groups, somewhat of a new MVPD on kind of a non-facilities-based MVPD, would you do that? And what are the issues surrounding doing it?
David M. Zaslav: Okay, thanks, Rich. Well, first, let me talk about OWN. We took a platform that was in 80 million homes, and we've done a very good job of building the 2 revenue streams. We've done deals with most of the distributors for meaningful subscriber fees, and on the advertiser side, we have good advertising support. We're up for about a year. The mission is to grow an audience. If we grow an -- a meaningful audience that wants to spend time with OWN, and we think that we will, this will be a very significant asset. It takes time to do that. We now have Oprah. She was on the air on this past Sunday night. She was on last night with an Oscar special. She's on with a Whitney special tonight. She's very engaged. We have a good team, a team that she has confidence in and I have confidence in now. And over the next year or 2, if we build that audience, this is going to be a very strong asset. So we feel good about that. On the rate card piece of the overbuilder, look at it this way. We're completely platform agnostic. This is a great time to be in the content business because there -- we've got people that want our content in new Windows. We got people -- we got operators that want our content for TV Everywhere. We got our traditional business of cable through the cable and satellite guys, and if there are other players there that come that want to provide us meaningful value to distribute our content, we're going to focus on what we always do: How will that content be distributed? Are we getting fair value for it? In the end, if there are bundles that are provided much like if you go down to Latin America and some of the emerging markets, there are new tiers that are developing that are kind of low start-up tiers to where there's an emerging middle class. And on those tiers, we tend to do very well because instead of being much more robust, there are fewer channels, and we have a lot more of the space. If in fact there are -- the traditional distributors or new distributors offer smaller packages and we have an opportunity to get fair value and have a meaningful amount of the space, then that's likely to be attractive to us. We'll have to see each one as they develop and both the economics and the impact that it might have on the traditional business.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Do you think that latter point could actually happen at some point over the course of the next 12 months we could see some -- one of those players actually emerge with you?
David M. Zaslav: Well, a number of the traditional cable operators are starting to offer, Time Warner has, smaller packages of services, which as long as a lot of our channels are carried, which they have been in some of the early rollouts, in some of the traditional distributors, that's a favorable to us. If we're -- it's sort of like we have 7 HD channels. When -- every time a consumer gets HD, that's good for us. We have a lot of HD channels. It's a very favorable environment. And so if there's only 30, 40, 50 channels and we have 7 of them, that's a good environment for us. If there's another tier that has fewer channels and we have a big piece of it and the economics are strong for us, that's favorable. If it's a new technology that provides meaningful economics to us, that's favorable. But the last one we'll have to look at and make sure that it doesn't undermine the existing infrastructure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Alexia Quadrani with JPMorgan.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just circling back on your comments on TLC's strength in Europe, I guess, can you give us a bit more color on which of your major countries there -- I guess, how the major countries performed in that region? And then more specifically, any notable change so far in 2012 from the strong Q4 performance you've seen in Europe?
David M. Zaslav: Well, TLC continues -- it's continuing to grow. What we call Real Time in Italy is essentially our female -- we don’t call it TLC in Italy, but it's one of the top -- it's a top network for women, and it's continuing to grow and it's profitable, and we're doing very well with that. In Norway, Denmark, Sweden, very strong and Poland strong. We're seeing growth pretty much across the board. We just launched in Latin America where it's too early. We have a very strong female network already in Latin America called Home & Health, which is a top 20 network. And so we're going to see over the next 6 months whether we get the same kind of traction in Latin America, but throughout Europe, it's been quite strong.
Alexia S. Quadrani - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And really no change so far in 2012 in terms of looking if there's any signs of deterioration in those markets?
David M. Zaslav: No, if anything, it's -- we're continuing to grow, so it looks good so far.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vasily Karasyov with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: My question is about International distribution revenue. It looks like it accelerated in local currency terms in 2011, and that was probably not the conventional wisdom a year ago. So should -- and that's probably because of your expansion in Latin America. So my question is do you expect more expansion in Latin America or you're pretty much done at this point? And then as a result of this, should we expect re-acceleration in International advertising revenue growth soon as you monetize the new subscribers?
David M. Zaslav: Let me take the first part of it, and then Brad will get it. I was just -- spent last week in Bogotá, Colombia, where we have 11 channels. We just opened an office there. We have about 16 people. It's a strong market for us. We were there really to focus on building our advertising business in Bogotá, but we also announced that we did a joint venture with the Colombian government. We met with President Santos, and together, we announced the first joint programming arrangement between the Colombian government and a programmer. And so we're -- Latin America is a very big market for us. There's more than 20% growth across the board. In some of the markets, more like 30 plus. And so we have 11 channels in Brazil, 10 channels in Mexico, 10 in Argentina. So that's a market we've been in for a very long time, and we're going to continue to invest. We also have, in addition to Discovery Animal Planet, we just launched TLC. We have Home & Health, but we also have Discovery Kids, which is unique. It's only in Latin America. But in many of the markets, for instance in Brazil, Discovery Kids is the #1 network, cable network in all of Brazil. It's like the USA of Brazil, and Discovery Kids does very well particularly with the 6 and under group, and there's a lot of co-viewing with women. And so Latin America is an area that we're continuing to push on.
Bradley E. Singer: Vasily, to answer your question on the acceleration, part of why the growth rate is higher is last -- in the beginning of 2011 and in the latter part of 2010, we had renegotiated one of our contracts where we had a reduction because we took Real Time off of the pay platform in Italy and put it onto the free to air. And that's why you -- we traded affiliate feeds for much -- for higher advertising fees. And so that helped our growth rate in advertising but had a detrimental effect on the affiliate rate. Now once you lapped yourself annually, that's when you saw us go back to that double-digit affiliate growth, and that's really driven by the subscriber growth globally. And what we've seen over the last couple of years is we've had a double-digit Discovery sub growth, and that's what drives it. It hasn't really accelerated. It's just maintained a pretty steady robust rate. And in terms of advertising, advertising has been very solid. Part of it is we'd outperformed the market especially in Western Europe, which something like the U.K. is not a robust market, but because if we do things like launch TLC and have Real Time, we grow our market share as well as have new channels. That's what's enabled us to continue to outperform  market, as well as take advantage of growing markets like Russia or Latin America or India. So hopefully that answers your question.
Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Yes. So Brad, should we expect re-acceleration in 2012?
Bradley E. Singer: We have -- we incorporate into our guidance, is the way we phrase it, which is we think in many parts of the world that you have the same conditions that exist into the future, but it has a range of outcomes within there.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: One for Brad and one for David. Brad, sorry if you said this, but what were affiliate of -- what was affiliate fee growth excluding digital revenue in the quarter? And then looking forward, I think you said last quarter that you'd expect the digital revenue to add 200 to 300 basis points of -- to the distribution growth rate. Is that smoothly reported throughout 2012? If you could give us a little bit as we model out affiliate fees in 2012 on a quarterly basis, that would be great. I know you had the tough comp in the third quarter. And then I have a follow-up for David.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. Anthony, it added 2 -- a couple of hundred basis points to the growth rate, so it's consistent. That's why we had an 8% growth rate and you added a couple of hundred basis points. It is not smooth next year. It depends on when we deliver titles. So you're going to have some lumpiness in some quarters, but over the course of it, it's that 200 to 300 basis points.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then, David, you've talked a lot about your content strategy. I'd love to hear more about your sales effort and what Joe Abruzzese is doing because if I look at -- if we look at your performance versus the peers and then index that to your ratings, there's really a multi-quarter outperformance story, and so I'm just trying to get behind what's going on with the sales organization. Is it -- have you hired more sales people? Is it how you're motivating the sales force? Like what's the magic that Joe's adding to the mix here?
David M. Zaslav: Well, we do have a very good team. We haven't added to the team. We have a good performance-driven comp structure, but I think part of it is that the channels are getting better, and a lot of the channels that we had were getting very low CPMs. And we're building those channels, and the brands are getting stronger. And it's not just ID. Whether it's Velocity or Science, we're building stronger channels, Animal Planet. So I think that the overall focus on just building market share, building brand, but we did focus specific teams on each of the channels. And Joe has been very aggressive about looking at our CPMs because in the long term, the CPMs are going to -- is what's really going to drive us, and I think we have a lot of headroom on that particularly with some of our younger channels, and so we measure that. But also it's a good inventory management by Joe, and he's moved aggressively in scatter early. He did very good job with the upfront, which I think was good for everybody. But overall, I think it's mostly Joe doing a good job and our channels having momentum.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tuna Amobi with Standard & Poor's.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: So first for Brad. I wanted to send you off with my own 2 questions as well, both related to the guidance. So on net income, if your guidance is correct, this would be actually the first year that the streak that David talked about, a consecutive growth in net income, will be broken. So as I look deeper, it seems to me that most of that may have to do with the other expense items, granted that interest expense you're looking for an increase. So I'm trying to understand what else is in there that would account for that disparity in net income. And also on the free cash, if you x out the Section 181 issue that you talked about and the incentive compensation on the working capital, is there anything else on the working capital swing that may account for why we're not seeing a major bump-up in free cash? Those clarifications would be helpful. And then I have a follow-up for David.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. Net income this year in 2011 had onetime items that were positive, so we're not going to have those in 2012. We had over $100 million gain when we contributed the Health Network to form Oprah Winfrey Network. It was a book gain, not cash. And we also had a tax credit related to our tax reorganization of $112 million. Those 2 things are not going to happen in 2012. So in 2012, you have the nice operating growth performance, but you don't have these special onetime items that were positive in 2011. In terms of free cash flow and working capital, we have the $75 million lower long-term incentive plan payments, but we also -- because we're a growing entity and we're growing our revenue, that takes working capital. So you're going have somewhat, almost an equal amount of increase in whether it's accounts receivable or other parts of working capital to fund your growth, and that goes into when we think of our overall free cash flow.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: Okay, that's helpful. And for David, as you think about this beta survey that I guess the most recent one showing that you guys also have surpassed ESPN as the most important cable brand, I believe this isn't the first time that you've actually done that. So -- and looking ahead as you enter your affiliate negotiations by the end of the year, is that something that you think that kind of gives you a stronger hand? Is it something that perhaps enhances your leverage as you talk to the cable operators? I'm not saying that you necessarily are shooting for the kind of CPMs that ESPN is getting, but I would imagine that given this study, I would expect that you'd be talking that up more than you appear to be doing. And how should we think about that as you enter the negotiations here?
David M. Zaslav: Well, as I said, all of our channels come up at once. We do think that Discovery, as an overall brand around the world, is premiere and has been. But the fact that subscribers in a cable operator study came back and said that Discovery was the most valued brand on cable, it -- that's a helpful piece of information. And it says that Eileen O'Neill, who's been building that channel with the new creative team that we have there, together with having a number of new hits, has done a good job of connecting with the consumer. So I think it's certainly helpful. Our goal is to get more people spending more time with our channels, and so when we sit down with the -- all of the distributors, that they recognize the value that we're bringing them, and it's certainly helpful that their study shows us as #1.
Operator: And our last question comes from David Miller with Caris & Company.
David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: David, as you may know, Lionsgate is putting up for sale, or at least they're intimating that they're putting up for sale, their 51% interest in TV Guide. That's a fully distributed piece of analog real estate. I know you can't comment specifically on whether you're interested in TV Guide. But if other sort of fully distributed pieces of real estate like that come up for sale, is that something you're willing to take a look at? Or do you feel like your platform is already pretty much kind of the way you want it just from a profile perspective? And then I have a follow-up for Brad.
David M. Zaslav: Okay. Thanks, David. Well, we look at everything and if we think that there are assets out there that'll help us grow faster, we have a great business development team and we have the balance sheet to do it. We don't comment on specific assets, but we do look at everything, and we've been spending a lot of time. I've said for a long time that one of our priorities is to continue to build on the fact that we have a very unique international infrastructure with teams on the ground all over the world. So I think our -- for us, our first hope would be if we could find more sustainable growth with strong assets that we could partner with our existing infrastructure outside of the U.S. But we do look here, and we're opportunistic if something presents itself.
David W. Miller - Caris & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Brad, on the recognition of foreign tax credits as a result of the reorg of certain international operations, could you just expound on that briefly if you don't mind? I'm not sure I'm really understanding what's going on there.
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. In November, we reorganized certain parts of our international operations to just strategically align the structure, as well as defer non-U.S. earnings. So as a result of the reorganization, we were able to utilize these tax credits to offset the transitionary costs as well as some ongoing costs. And so that's -- it's a GAAP entry. What you're going to have is it'll play itself out over the next 3 or 4 years, the utilization of those credits.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you for joining us, everybody, and please give us a call with any follow-up questions.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Peter Liguori - Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Bradley E. Singer - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Treasurer David Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 Discovery Communications, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Brian, and I will be your operator for today's event. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would like to now turn the call over to Mr. Craig Felenstein, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Discovery Communications Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Peter Liguori, our Chief Operating Officer; and Brad Singer, our Chief Financial Officer.  Hopefully, you have all received our earnings release but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Brad, after which we will open the call up for your questions. We urge you to please keep to 1 to 2 questions so we can accommodate as many folks as possible.  Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn it over to David.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Discovery's sustained financial momentum continued during the third quarter as the power of our brands and the value of our content to viewers, distributors and advertisers translated into double-digit revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth.  I discussed last quarter how Discovery's focused investment in content remains a strategic imperative. The financial results we delivered this quarter demonstrate how strengthening our existing brands and building new genres creates value and drives organic growth. Domestically, the appeal of our programming allowed us to continue to take advantage of the sustained strength in the ad market and begin to meaningfully leverage our 25-year programming library across emerging distribution platforms. Internationally, our diverse content offerings and the unparalleled breadth and depth of our global distribution platform enabled us to capitalize on the continued rapid penetration of Pay TV around the world while also leveraging the strong ad environment. Demand for high quality programming has never been higher, with more platforms than ever before looking to distribute both current and library programming to consumers across multiple delivery mechanisms. There has never been a better time to be in the content business. People are watching more TV over multiple platforms. And because we own almost all of our programming, Discovery is particularly well positioned to take advantage of these opportunities. Our recently announced deal with Netflix is a good example of this. We were able to generate significant value from library content, mostly 18-months-plus old, while retaining flexibility with regards to our other distributors. A significant portion of the revenues were recognized in the current quarter, but revenues from this transaction will continue to enhance our affiliate growth rates over the 2-year deal as we deliver additional content and for an additional year if we exercise our option to extend. We have said all along that Discovery is platform agnostic with regards to distributing our content, and we will continue to explore additional opportunities where we could find good economics, flexibility in windowing our programming and a strong brand environment where the trust and loyalty we have established with our audience across our portfolio can be recognized by the consumer. At the same time, we will be careful to protect the value that our content provides to our existing affiliate partners, and we'll work with them to deliver high quality programming to an evolving customer base. The bottom line is that we invest well over $800 million annually in content across our consolidated portfolio. To that end, any relationship that revolves around our programming needs to ensure that we are receiving an appropriate return on that investment. Our investment in content is not just paying off from leveraging new platforms and providers, but it is also facilitating growth from traditional revenue streams. As we've discussed previously, Discovery is continually focused on strengthening our existing channels and building new brands. The result is a diverse portfolio of networks that is enabling us to capitalize on the current strong global ad environment. There is no better example of this than ID, where our investment in content is directly translating into strong advertising gains. ID was the biggest driver of our ad growth in this quarter as viewership was up 50%, led by Who the (Bleep) Did I Marry?, Nightmare Next Door and I Married a Mobster.  ID remains the fastest-growing cable network in America. It is the #1 network in terms of length of tune among adults 25 to 54, and for the year, it is a top 10 rated network -- a top 10 rated network for women in America in Total Day. We have more than doubled our investment in ID over the last 2 years, which has translated into a nearly fourfold increase in ad dollars. And ID still has a ton of room to grow as its CPM is not yet close to commensurate with the audience it is generating. At our flagship network, Discovery Channel, ratings this past quarter were led by Deadliest Catch and the return of Sons of Guns, whose second season delivered 35% viewership growth over season 1. While Catch was down year-on-year due to the record ratings it generated a year ago in its sixth season when Capt. Phil passed away, it remains the #1 show for men on cable on Tuesday nights. The fourth quarter has gotten off to a great start, with October viewership up 11%. And just this past Friday night, we brought back 2 big hits from a year ago: Gold Rush and Flying Wild Alaska. And the results were excellent despite going up against game 7 of the World Series, with the premiere of Gold Rush up 60% versus the premier a year ago. TLC grew Primetime viewership 2% this quarter in its key women 25 to 54 demo, led by returning series, Sister Wives, up 40% from last season and What Not To Wear, while continuing to own Friday nights where are the #1 network for women, with wedding programming including Say Yes to the Dress and Four Weddings. TLC's momentum has continued after the quarter with October viewership up 6% in women, giving us some ratings momentum heading into the end of the year.  Overall, our sustained investment in content has resulted in a domestic portfolio that is broader and deeper than it has ever been. The size and quality of the audiences we are delivering enabled the company to generate another quarter of double-digit ad growth despite the 16% increase we delivered a year ago. I know many of you are concerned about the ad market going forward. And while it is still too early to comment on 2012, we have not seen any meaningful cancellations on options the next year, and current scatter demand and pricing for the fourth quarter remains strong. The other area, domestically, where we are investing in content to build audiences and fill a creative white space is our joint ventures: OWN, The Hub and 3net.  In regards to OWN, Oprah is now the full-time CEO and along with her creative leadership team, we are working hard in developing content that will appeal to her target audiences. We're very pleased with the recent launches of The Rosie Show, Sweetie Pies, and Oprah's Lifeclass, as well as a strong return of Lisa Ling's Our America. Oprah is really starting to nurture her audience, and we are building some meaningful audience growth and flow throughout the schedule. Oprah is on the air 5 nights a week at 8:00 with fresh content, and this past Friday, Oprah was on for 2 hours for a live event that was both on the network and Facebook and oprah.com. She did it the Friday before as well, and she'll be doing it for the next few Fridays. Viewership of our new shows are up significantly from the network's previous levels, and the audience is starting to return regularly, building some nice momentum heading into 2012, when Oprah's Next Chapter launches in Prime along with a lot of new original series. The Hub also had some nice momentum, delivering its best quarterly Total Day performance ever during the third quarter among all key demographics, including 24% ratings growth from the third quarter a year ago among kids 2 to 11. And at 3net, we have worked with our partners at Sony and IMAX to develop the world's largest library of original 3D content, and we're seeing positive growth signs for 3D television sales heading into the holiday season. Our early mover advantage in this emerging space should pay dividends as consumer demand for in-home 3D experiences increase.  The momentum we are generating from our sustained investment in content is not limited to just our domestic channels. As I mentioned earlier, Discovery's diverse content offerings internationally and the distribution we have built encompassing more than 210 countries and territories is delivering real growth today.  Our subscriber base internationally expanded by over 10% this past quarter, and that translated into double-digit affiliate revenue growth in local currency terms. We're seeing our fastest growth in Latin America, led by Brazil and Mexico, but there are other great examples of historically under-penetrated markets delivering real growth across the globe in places like Hungary and Russia and in Central and Eastern Europe and in India, in Asia Pacific. With our addressable audience expanding quickly, we remain focused on ramping up viewership and taking share by building out the content offering we're providing to this expanding subscriber base.  We are continually looking for ways to further bolster our programming, whether from internal development and partnership with our domestic networks and at our international production group, from sourcing and sharing programming among our international regions, from investing in local productions and from acquiring content through third-party distributors. And this applies not only to our existing networks but also for our new networks and brands that we are launching to capitalize on our market position and platform strength. We have talked previously about how we wanted to build TLC into the most widely distributed female network in the world and replicate our domestic strategy of delivering diversity to our affiliates and advertisers by offering a strong female flagship to complement Discovery Channel. Last year, we set a goal of 100 million homes by the end of 2011. And with recent launches across 46 countries in Africa and the debut across 38 countries in Latin America as well as in Finland today, we are pleased to have surpassed that mark well ahead of schedule. We are now in 171 countries and well over 100 million homes. We were always confident about our distribution goals, considering the platform we have at our fingertips. But what has been equally as promising is that the programming is genuinely resonating with audiences around the globe. After less than a year, we are the #1 female cable network in Poland, and we're the #8 network in all of Italy, which helped us generate big growth in Italy this quarter even though the market only grew marginally. TLC is not the only content asset we are aggressively building. In fact, over the last year alone, we have added more than 18 feeds across the globe. Our new initiatives have already created significant value, contributing approximately 1/3 of our ad growth internationally, and we will continue to be opportunistic in taking advantage of the unmatched platform we have assembled. The combination of these more robust programming offerings with the growing Pay TV platforms globally is resulting in substantial viewership gains and sustained double-digit advertising growth. Like the U.S., it is still too early to predict what happens in 2012 because of the macro environment. But short-term trends remain strong, and we expect to deliver further growth in the fourth quarter. Investing in Discovery's diverse set of businesses to capitalize on the organic growth potential inherent in our platform remains a strategic priority, and we are thoughtfully allocating our resources among these various opportunities. However, with a strong balance sheet and free cash flow of over $1 billion, we are also returning capital to shareholders.  Since last November, we have returned over $1.4 billion in capital, including over $350 million this past quarter alone. With over $1 billion still available under our buyback program, we will continue to return capital to shareholders aggressively if it is in -- if we determine it is the best use of our balance sheet. Discovery's sustained financial momentum throughout the first 3 quarters of 2011 speaks to the power of our brands, the enormity of our distribution platform and the strength of the operating environment. Our investment in further building out our brands and platforms around the globe puts us in a great position to take advantage of additional market share and deliver further value and sustainable growth to our shareholders. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Brad.
Bradley E. Singer: Thanks, David. Discovery continued to deliver robust revenue and adjusted OIBDA growth in the third quarter as a favorable operating environment enabled us to enjoy double-digit global ad growth and strong international subscriber gains, while the strength of our content enabled us to enhance our domestic distribution revenues through an expanded digital licensing agreement. Total revenues increased 18% compared to the prior year, led equally by 19% revenue growth from each of our domestic and international operations. Please note that the current quarter includes $77 million in revenues from our expanded licensing agreement with Netflix, and the prior year includes $19 million in revenues from the Discovery Health Network. Pro forma for the Discovery Health Network and excluding the increment licensing revenues and currency fluctuations, our company revenue growth was 10%.  Excluding currency fluctuations, our total operating expenses in the quarter increased 17% compared to the prior year primarily due to $24 million of higher content impairment charges related to our U.S. networks and $11 million of additional expense related to the expanded licensing agreement. The increase also reflects the higher content amortization that we have highlighted previously as well as the timing of marketing. As a result of our ability to generate strong global revenue growth, we increased our adjusted OIBDA 15% to $479 million compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency and the de-consolidated Discovery Health, adjusted OIBDA increased 17%. Net income from continuing operations increased 48% to $238 million, reflecting the improved operating performance and the incremental licensing revenue, offset by higher content impairment amortization as well as increased tax expense. Our earnings per share increased 59%, faster than the pace of growth of our earnings due to the 7% reduction of our outstanding shares compared to the prior year from our share repurchase program. Our free cash flow decreased to $314 million in the third quarter compared to the prior year due to the improvement in our operating performance being more than offset by the timing of certain working capital expenditures.  Please note, the content licensing revenues recognized do not impact free cash flow in the third quarter. The payments from the licensing arrangement revenue recognized and to be recognized in the future will be received quarterly over the next 2 years. Year-to-date, our free cash flow has increased over 70% to $718 million compared to 2010.  Turning to the operating units. Our U.S. operations delivered substantial revenue growth with revenues up 19%, led by the 33% increase in our distribution revenue, primarily due to the incremental licensing revenues from our 2-year agreement. A significant portion of the contract revenues are recognized at the front end of the contract, corresponding with the delivery of content to our distribution partner.  We anticipate recognizing the remaining revenues over the duration of the contract. As we continue to deliver content, expect that the agreement will add 200 to 300 basis points of incremental growth to our domestic affiliate revenues prospectively. Our revenue expectations do not include the optional third year of the contract.  Including the impact of the license agreement and the Discovery Health, distribution revenue growth -- excluding, I'm sorry, the impact of the license agreement and Discovery Health, distribution revenue growth was 5% and ad revenue growth over 11% compared to the prior year. The substantial ad growth was led by the strong performance of Investigation Discovery as well as the sustained favorable pricing and demand environment. The attractive current market conditions continue to exist in 2011, and we anticipate our fourth quarter domestic ad sales performance to accelerate in the third quarter levels to a mid-teens increase pro forma for the impact of Discovery Health compared to the prior year.  Our domestic operating expenses were up 32% from the prior year with a significant portion of the increased due to the expected higher content amortization that we highlighted previously. In addition, our cost of revenues increased $24 million from the higher content impairment charges and $11 million related to our expanded licensing agreements. On a reported basis, domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 9% versus a year ago. Excluding the impact of Discovery Health, the incremental content impairment charges and the expanded licensing revenue, adjusted OIBDA was flat with the prior year, which was consistent with our guidance on the last earnings call. We anticipate the resumption of a double -- of double-digit domestic adjusted OIBDA in the fourth quarter. Turning to our international operations. Our third quarter revenues grew 19%, driven by 22% advertising and 20% affiliate growth. Excluding the impact of favorable exchange rates, revenues increased 12%, led by 16% increase in advertising and complemented by a 13% increase in distribution compared to 2010. We enjoyed double-digit ad growth across all of our regions, with particular strength in Asia and Western Europe. Our strong advertising growth in Western and Eastern Europe was driven by the success of TLC and Real Time in markets such as Norway, the Netherlands, Italy and Poland. Our international distribution revenue growth was led by continued strong subscriber additions at our Latin American, Eastern European and Asia Pacific operations, with 11% year-on-year subscriber growth at our most fully distributed network, Discovery Channel. Operating costs internationally were up 7%, excluding currency fluctuations, primarily due to higher content amortization, sales commission and personnel cost. Our international team continue to deliver strong OIBDA growth, up 20% excluding the impact of foreign currency while thoughtfully investing in key growth initiatives.  As we look forward to the end of 2011, we remain encouraged by the fact that the beneficial pricing and ad trends we have experienced throughout the year are continuing. As a result of our third quarter performance and current conditions, we are raising our expectations for the full year 2011. We anticipate revenues of $4.175 billion to $4.25 billion, adjusted OIBDA of $1.925 billion to $1.975 billion and an income of $1.025 billion to $1.075 billion. With our strengthened balance sheet and strong operating performance, we continue to return capital to our shareholders through the execution of our share repurchase program. Our first priority is to invest our capital in our core business to enhance our shareholders' returns. To the extent we have not found opportunities with attractive financial returns, we are utilizing the cash on our balance sheet as well as the cash we generate from operations to repurchase our shares. We repurchased $355 million of our Class C shares during the quarter. And since inception, we have bought back over 930 million under our repurchase program in addition to the repurchase of 500 million of preferred Class C shares. I hope that everyone is enjoying the return of Gold Rush on Discovery as well as the return of Next Great Baker on TLC and Disappeared on ID, and please tune in on the 12th to Pit Bulls and Parolees on Animal Planet.  David, Peter and I will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of John Janedis from UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: David, I know it's early, but with YouTube's announcement last week that they've launched a fair amount of original content, it would seem as though the barriers of transfer for distribution of that content have been lowered. And I guess I'm wondering if that is potentially a move in this direction. How does it change the way you think about programming investment, if at all? And does it make the launch of newer networks like Velocity more challenging in theory?
David Zaslav: Well, YouTube has been very successful over the years, and we've been able to grow our channels very effectively and build our brands at the same time that people are enjoying content on YouTube and on a lot of other platforms. We -- since we own all of our content, our strategy remains the same: quality content, strong characters, great stories and then we have the opportunity to take that on to all kinds of different platforms, including what we just did now with Netflix, a new window that's primarily 18 months and older. So as long as we continue to build our brands and tell great stories, we feel like we're really in a growth mode.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just quickly on Oprah. Can you give us the update in terms of the investment there?
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. We added approximately $12 million to our -- to the balance of our investment during the quarter. $8 million was funded, and $5 million was accrued interest.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Bank of RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. The first one is when you look at advertising growth domestically in terms of what you're seeing in 3Q versus 4Q, how big are the differences in drivers at the kind of pricing versus ratings level as drivers for 3Q versus 4Q? Could you talk about that a little bit? And secondly, you took a -- some accelerated amortization, a programming write-down in the third quarter on the domestic stuff, and I -- on the domestic division. And of any of the companies in the space, you guys probably monetize your content most across international territories. So why was the write-down restricted to the domestic side?
Bradley E. Singer: Sure, David. It's Brad. I'll take it from the question you had, pricing versus ratings. The majority of the increase of both the third and fourth quarter is due to pricing as well as a little bit more on sell-out. Ratings are basically a wash between the 2 quarters in terms of their contribution, so it's more a marketplace-driven environment. With regard to the question on where the impairment charge is, when we -- if you look at our year-to-date impairment because of the nature of our business is content, and it is uneven in how impairment is recognized as when the assets are -- no longer have a full value. And so year-to-date, we've impaired about $40 million of content in 2011, and year-to-date in 2010, it's been about $40 million. So it's just the timing of those and which quarter they fall is uneven, but year-to-date, they're about the same. With regard to domestic and international, it was primarily domestic this time. International has a lot of the same -- it uses -- it utilizes some of the same assets. And if -- when they feel and they evaluate their assets, they look at the values and whether it still is meaningful then, and they can generate revenues off it. And so that decision is made every single quarter as we look through our portfolios.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson of Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have one for David and one for Brad. David, let me start with you first. I know over the years, you really thought about how do you work with online distributors like Netflix, and I wonder what went on in your head to do the deal now? I mean, what kind of things were you seeing about your ratings or maybe how your distributors reacted to other people's deals? So what made you get larger with Netflix versus kind of where you guys were before? And how has your thinking changed on that subject?
David Zaslav: Okay. Well, we were always very anxious to figure out how to monetize our library in a meaningful way. We just weren't -- we didn't see a business model that really worked. So Netflix has gotten some meaningful scale. And the idea of creating a new window of primarily 18 months and older really plays to our sweet spot, because we have all this content. We own all of the content. The deal is nonexclusive, so it gives us an opportunity to play in the same way with anybody else with that same window. It's not international. We did domestic only, because although Netflix and the other type players are expanding around the world, we're taking a hard look at where it makes sense. The economics were strong. And we were able to work with Netflix in getting some concessions on branding, which we thought -- the environment was important to us. We were able to get some of that. So when you put it all together, it's a big net positive for us in that we have all this content. We know how valuable it is. Doing a deal with Netflix that recognizes that value is -- gives us some additional meaningful economics. We're going to look and see how that plays out. We have flexibility in terms of content that's on there. We'll see how people consume it. But we were also -- created some flexibility in the deal in that it's a 2-year deal with a 1-year option on our side. And so, the hope is that Netflix does well and that this creates a whole new window for us that's very effective. It also -- we don't think it's going to interfere with our ability to continue or monetize our content and our brands in a very meaningful way in the traditional cable area. And then we have this additional window coming up of TV Everywhere, which represents newer content, both streamed content on other platforms and newer content. We haven't done any broad deals with operators on that yet. And under our existing deals, no distributors have the right to take our 13 channels on to TV Everywhere. But that's another window that we think could be advantageous because it's measured and it's authenticated and it presents another opportunity. So all these opportunities for content deployment with good economics and value, I think, presents an opportunity for real growth for us.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can I follow up and that will go to Brad. Does that -- that sort of window of selling TV Everywhere, do you think this kind of sets principles in place that there's a separate value you guys have crystalized for your programming, is that what you're alluding to here?
David Zaslav: Well, we have always felt that our content is valuable. And the fact that we have a very good relationship with our distributors, that relationship provides for our content to be provided through to the TV set. And so to the extent that offering our content on other platforms or being able to have a catch-up of 1 month, 2 months or 3 months of some of the best stuff on all of our channels is -- we think could be a real value to consumers. The distributors are very focused on providing it because they believe it could provide real value as well. And for us, we're very supportive of it. We just feel like we need to get value, and how we define value will come through the negotiations.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And to Brad, in the fourth quarter, what percentage of inventory is from the upfront versus what the third quarter looked like? So is there a meaningful step-up in inventory allocations to the upfront in the fourth quarter?
Bradley E. Singer: It is slightly more in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Does that drive more on the pricing? Is that helpful in pricing?
Bradley E. Singer: It's helpful to the pricing, but the scatter market premiums are also fairly robust in the fourth quarter, very consistent levels with the third quarter in sort of percent of premiums.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen from Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify something on the Netflix deal. Were the costs only $11 million, the costs that you highlighted in the release? Or were there other -- I mean is it possible that the margin was 86%?
Bradley E. Singer: That was the cost that we allocated, Jessica. We took a portion of our existing programming assets on our balance sheet, and we allocated an expense related to it, to the rest.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then I mean, Brad, how should we think about ongoing costs? You had the impairment charge, which you said is -- I mean you had it last year as well. But just as we look forward, how should we think about margins, particularly in the U.S. side of the business? Can you just give us some color on kind of the cost pressures you are seeing?
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. If you look at the U.S., this quarter was a little bit of an aberration because we had catch-up of amortization. And so now you're going to have the amortization for the programming costs, or cost of revenues grow roughly in line with our cash spend, which is going to be in the 7% to 8%-ish range is where our cash spend has been in content. In terms of our SG&A costs, we had swapped some marketing costs from the first quarter into the third quarter of this year. So overall, our SG&A have been growing in the low single digits. And so from a domestic point of view, that's been about the run rate of how we've been running.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just one last question. When do your new affiliate deal start to roll through? I mean David just talked about TV Everywhere, which are part of your next, I guess, next contract negotiations. Can you just talk about how you're feeling about kind of the -- it sounds like there's going to be increased value for TV Everywhere, but is the timing 2012 or is it much later?
David Zaslav: It really depends. We don't have any big deals coming up until the end of 2012 and then they kind of lay in from 2012 forward. The idea of doing something nearer term on TV Everywhere are discussions that we're having. The distributors are very keen to roll out TV Everywhere. We're participating in a number of the tests. And whether we do or not will depend on how quickly they can deploy it and we can get it measured. Today, it is measured on the computer, but it's not measured on pads. So how quickly could they get measured and how quickly could we, in the content business, come up with the right valuation between us and the distributors so that we can provide it. On a worst-case basis, it would be likely dealt with as part of a renewal at that later date. And there's possibility it might happen before.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet from Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just had a quick question on ratings. While the ID ratings are quite good, there is some concern, I think, on the Street about your flagship network, Discovery, having some ratings declines. Do you mind just spending a second in sort of highlighting the 1 or 2 shows that have caused the ratings decline and sort of the prospect over the next 12 months?
David Zaslav: Okay, just to give you a sense. First, October has been quite strong for us. We're up about 11% in the aggregate for October. And so we come into the quarter with some good momentum. We just launched on Friday 2 shows for us that have been very strong, Gold Rush and Flying Wild Alaska. The piece that hurt us really a little bit is some year-over-year comparative data and that's that Deadliest Catch actually did very well when you look at it versus any other year. It was on par. It showed growth. But the sixth season had one of the very popular captains actually got sick and passed away. And so there was a huge spike. And so there was a little bit of CAGR issue with that. And then we have Friday nights where we do survival programming, which was the Man Versus Wild, Dual Survivor (sic) [Dual Survival], and it was -- a portion of the year, we do Gold Rush and for a portion of the year we do Survival. The Friday night just wasn't working as well this year. And we haven't figured out yet exactly why. We're talking to the audience. But more importantly, we've now rolled in Flying Wild Alaska and Gold Rush and Friday night right now is looking up and better. And so we'll have to figure out what we do with Friday night and whether we go back to Survival.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield of BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Two pieces. One just a follow-up on Michael's question earlier. When you think about the amount of value you got from Netflix, it would seem like you and many others in your peer group are starting to sell pretty aggressively to Netflix catalog content, and when you think about how many hours in the day they are to watch programming, either you're getting a great deal and Netflix is overpaying or people are going to start watching more and more content, older content instead of watching newer content when it's airing live or when it's on a DVR, watching Live+3. And just wondering how you think about that trade-off. Do you actually worry about a significant shift of viewership from live to either a season delayed or multiple seasons delayed because there's great programming being made available on a delayed basis on Netflix, and the risk reward there. And then two, Brad, could you give us an update on what Oprah financials look like? I know you talked about your investment, but is there a way to think about the actual financial side of Oprah is generating or what OWN is doing today in totality?
David Zaslav: Okay, Rich, I'll take the first one. On Netflix, candidly, nobody knows. What we do know is, so far, and we -- this isn't our first foray with Netflix. We had a deal with them with some content. We couldn't find through our research any discernible degradation. In fact, Netflix homes -- the people that consume a lot of content on Netflix were over indexing in terms of how they consume TV and how they consume us. But that's just directional. There isn't enough data out there. When I ran syndication and the cable group at NBC, on the syndication side, there was some thinking that, hey, when you syndicate a show, then the ratings of the original is going to go down. Well, in many cases, in most cases, we found that when we syndicated the shows, that -- and then we brought back the originals, that the ratings went up. Is that going to happen now with Netflix? We don't know. We don't have -- we have older seasons of shows. So if somebody watches an older season of Gold Rush or an older season of Deadliest Catch, is that going to get them more excited about coming back in and watching more of our shows? We don't know. We're going to watch it. We're going to look at it. We're going to get as much data as we can. Our inclination is that this will not be a degradation issue, but we do -- one of the reasons why we provided this flexibility of one-way extension after 2 years is: One, 2 years is up before any of our deals come up, so we could take a look at how is this affecting us. And two, it gives us a chance, if we find that it's going very well, to just very cleanly optionally pick up the next year. So we're going to see, and we'll keep you posted.
Bradley E. Singer: And Rich, just following up on your Oprah question. While we don't disclose the financials of any of our joint ventures, it is negative cash flow so we are still funding it. And in our equity pickup line -- and we did pick up a small loss related to it. So these are the 2 financial elements I would point to.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Is there any way to think about though, kind of where -- maybe just update us where is distribution today in terms of total subscribers? And is there any like high level revenue number to think about just so we -- there's some way obviously you're really not getting any value in your EPS at the moment from the OWN network, but obviously there is a substantial value. Is there any way you can kind of help us think about that value?
Bradley E. Singer: Well, we don't disclose total revenues. It's still -- at this point, it's still primarily advertising-driven is the revenue streams.
David Zaslav: But the way to think of it is you got 2 tent poles, which is -- we have the advertisers that have been supportive and have re-upped. We have distributors a number of them we've done deals with and there's a number that we haven't yet. And the challenge for us right now is putting really good content that nourishes the brand, that goes at -- that drives the Oprah brand and really supports this idea of living your best life. So what we're putting on the air now, Oprah is doing Lifeclass everyday at 8:00. In that time period, we're up 125% versus last year. We got fresh content with Rosie everyday at 7:00, and that's up 65%. We have a lot of activity on oprah.com, we have over 3 million streams in Lifeclass. And what we're getting is this feedback of, okay, I get it, we have our content that's on brand, whether it be Lisa Ling or Sweetie Pie's. This is -- we're starting to swing in a positive direction in terms of getting people to spend time with us. And like we said all along, this is going to take us some time. In January, Oprah, herself, will launch with more of an entertainment-type show, which is Oprah's next chapter, a broader appeal-type show. And then we have a lot of other development. But those are the 3 pieces: Continue to drive the advertising -- the advertisers that are with us and have been supporting, work over the next couple of years on the distribution subscribers side. But most importantly, nourish the audience that loves the Oprah brand, the great brand that we've gotten behind that we have so much confidence in.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Spencer Wang of Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. First, for Brad, I just want to clarify how we should think about the Netflix revenue stream in the subsequent quarters to 3Q. That 200 to 300 basis point I think uplift to U.S. affiliate revenue, is that going to be relatively ratable over the rest of the term of the deal, or will it be lumpier just depending on the timing of when shows are made available? And is 85% a good kind of margin assumption like you saw in the third quarter? And then maybe the second question for David or perhaps Peter, if the NBA lockout persists longer, do you guys envision that would have a positive impact to some of your more male-skewing networks?
Bradley E. Singer: Okay, Spencer, with regard to your question on Netflix, it'll be -- the 200 to 300 basis points will be on average, so we'll be lumpier as we do deliver product. And the margin assumption again will be lumpier depending on what that asset mix, but it should be within that relevant range.
Peter Liguori: And look, on the NBA front, male audience available is an opportunity for us. We do have an overlap with sports viewership. It should work out to our advantage, but we're taking a wait-and-see attitude.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Peter, do you thin that that's helping you in the fourth quarter at all yet?
Bradley E. Singer: It's not -- there's not a lot of that in our numbers.
Peter Liguori: Yes, it's not on the advertising activity front, no.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Brad, going back to program amortization growth, we haven't seen the details, I don't think the Q is out. But it seems like it accelerated a decent amount in the third quarter from the first half. You mentioned that catch-up, and I guess I'm surprised a little bit about the quarter-to-quarter volatility. I don't know if you could comment a little bit more into sort of what happened there? And then you had mentioned high singles going forward, do you expect that to be pretty smooth as you move through the next, I don't know, 3 or 4 quarters?
Bradley E. Singer: Ben, the Q will be filed tomorrow morning, so you'll have it then. With regard to the amortization, it's been fairly consistent how it stepped up throughout the year. It's been almost a sequential $10 million greater each quarter domestically. And it was consistent with our guidance, exactly how we laid it out. So at this point, you're at a much more now normalized moving into the fourth quarter going forward, and that will be that kind of the high -- that 7% to 8%-ish growth rate of cost of revs.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just a question for the team and whoever wants to answer it. The licensing revenues you've generated here from Netflix, I mean there's not a lot of businesses out there that can generate 80% incremental revenues, and I know everyone is sort of trying to figure how real this all is. But does this entice you to spend more on programming because you've just -- you're seeing sort of new windows being created right in front of you, most of which deal with sort of building a library of content that's pretty powerful at least on the online front and then you mentioned TV Everywhere. It's sort of all tied together to powerful programming that you guys have. You've always said that the best invested -- the best return on capital investment opportunity you have is your own programming. It seems like that's never been more true. And then sort of an absolutely contradictory comment I'd love to get your thoughts on, is one of the numbers in the Netflix investor letter that kind of scared me a little bit was the 8% contribution margin they talked about on the streaming. I think a lot of us feel like there's more Netflix out there. We always talk about Amazon, they started to do some business, but how do you guys think about the opportunity set beyond Netflix given sort of all the moving pieces out there on online distribution and sort of touching on Rich's question, but maybe sort of adding more to it.
David Zaslav: On the investment in programming, we don't really see -- the new window really doesn't play into our focus. Our focus is really investment be thoughtful and we have a very kind of rigid investment base, focused on how we spend money on content. And it's all on success. So we're spending more money on ID. We're spending more money on science because it's growing. We spend more money on TLC because we were able to drive it around the world. And so where we can see growth, we're going to continue to invest in our content and it's -- you've seen a meaningful increase in that investment. On the new platforms, we've always been platform agnostic. We're about quality content that satisfies curiosity that we could take around the world and put on any platform. We held back on the web because we just didn't see the model. So we are rooting for a lot -- we're rooting for Netflix. It's an attractive platform. We're also rooting for a lot of the other players that are getting into this space because it provides more value for us, more bites, more people that could see our content, more economics that we can get for our content. And so, for us, this is just another manifestation of the fact that it's a good time to be in the content business, particularly if you own your content.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente of Barclays Capital.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just have one question for the team, it has to do with the guidance for re-acceleration in ad revenue growth. And it seems to imply a pretty robust pricing in the spot market and I just -- I'm just trying to square away in my own mind, how much of this is advertiser demand and how much of it is scarcity of supply across the system, a couple of the other questions alluded to that. But if I look across cable TV, it's not just Discovery, but there are a lot of other of your competitors that are suffering from ratings declines. And so I think back to where we were sort of the broadcast networks a number of years ago where viewership was declining, but pricing increases were making up for that because the more and more audience fragments, the harder and harder it is to reach a mass media audience and therefore the higher and higher an ad buyer would pay for that CPM in order to reach that audience. And I wonder if we're getting to that point in the world of cable television. And so I'm just wondering if you could, on a near-term basis, comment on whether it's demand versus supply scarcity on 4Q pricing? And then longer term, maybe talk about the possibility of that longer-term trend?
David Zaslav: Okay, well, just in terms of a macro point, year-to-date, across our domestic platform, we're up a little bit more than 3%. In the past several years, we've invested more in content, but we've been able to grow market share and we're convinced that we're going to be able to continue to grow market share domestically and around the world. Let me have Brad speak to the specifics of the scatter market and the economics. A big piece of it, Anthony, is that it's happened pretty much over the last couple of years that as broadcast viewership declines, that it provides -- the broadcasters end up either out of sale or with less inventory. And the presents some significant pressure in a positive way for us on the cable content side of the business. And it has happened, that doesn't mean it's going to happen in the fourth quarter or in the first quarter of next year, but it has happened. And if broadcast continues to decline, that presents a real opportunity, particularly where broadcast is still on a CPM basis, garnering 35% or more increases in terms of CPI differential between broadcast and cable. So if there is headwind in a market where there's no longer sub-growth, it's the CPM differential between broadcast and cable, particularly in environments where on a regular basis, cable, including Discovery on a Friday night, could be beating broadcast networks and still trading at a discount.
Bradley E. Singer: And Anthony, to answer your question with demand versus scarcity, I mean if you think about the fourth quarter, we are building off a higher upfront base. So you're starting off high single-digit, low double-digit increase and then you're taking premiums to that increase and so that provides you with a little bit more acceleration from where you were in the third quarter. Scarcity may play some role in that, it's in the spot market but you're also building off just a higher absolute base of pricing. Does that make sense?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tuna Amobi from Standard & Poor's.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: I have a few as well, if I may. So the first question is on ID, I think it was David that recently alluded to just about 30% of the audience just knowing that they have ID, which is mind-boggling when you think about the upside on the other 70%. So I guess the question is, as you now kind of approach full distribution on ID, are there any international markets perhaps where you see that this crime formula can be successfully exported or replicated either kind of on a stand-alone basis or perhaps in joint venture with a local partner?
David Zaslav: Yes. Well, ID, we have already begun to roll it out outside of the U.S. and we're finding some meaningful success and we do plan on accelerating that. Whether we do it by ourselves or whether we do it in some markets with a local partner to provide more local content, we haven't determined that yet. We tend to like to do it ourselves. We have a very good recipe. Our content is strong, our library is strong. We've already tested it in a number of markets and it's working. And so we think that over time, it could be a very nice leg for us to build on what's already a very robust international platform, which as you could see from this quarter, continues to accelerate and grow for us, which is a big differentiator, our international business. And the fact that ID works well, it joins Animal Planet, Science and Discovery as being channels that we could really amortize over bigger markets in the longer term.
Tuna N. Amobi - S&P Equity Research: Okay. And separately with regard to the Education business, I think the past years have seen some -- it seems like a fair number of acquirers, potential acquirers looking to do some deals in that segment. Is there any reason why Discovery needs to be in that Education business at this time? Or is this perhaps a good time to try to monetize that asset and kind of take what you could get?
David Zaslav: Our Education business is profitable. We're the leader in digital content into the classroom. If there's a computer in the classroom, we reach 95% of that. It's a very gated community in that if you wanted to try and replicate that distribution, you'd have to go school district by school district to do it. So it's a very valuable path into teachers and into the classroom. The economics aren't compelling, but the ability to reach and make an impression on both teachers and students throughout America is strong. It also has been a nice lead horse for us in terms of STEM. We're working very effectively with Dr. Holdren and with Obama with respect to STEM. We're a leader in Science. And with Secretary Duncan, and we're finding that being in Education also helps us around the world. A lot of what we own in Education is not -- 80% of it is not our actual video content. It's curriculum-based, science, social studies and education material. And so when we go around the world being able to have a discussion about where we are with digital content and the ability -- we provide -- we find that often it's a helper. So net-net, it's good for us to be that in that business. It feels good to be in the business, and I think it helps us.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alan Gould of Evercore Partners.
Alan S. Gould - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I've got 2 questions. David, what is the size of your library? And what's the number of hours you licensed to Netflix? And Brad, could you just give us scatter versus scatter for the 3Q, and how that's pacing for 4Q?
David Zaslav: We don't disclose the numbers. We have a 25-year library. We own almost all of it. And in terms of the percentage that was in the Netflix deal, it's not -- the percentage isn't large. But we tried to be thoughtful with Netflix as to what content we put on there to provide value to the users. So there's a lot that isn't in there. All of it is nonexclusive, as I said. Brad?
Bradley E. Singer: Sure. With regard to scatter-to-scatter, it was up -- it really depends on networks. It's usually high single digits to double -- to teens and even low 20s, depending on which network when you compare year-on-year scatter. And that trend is somewhat similar scatter-to-scatter in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And your final question will come from the line of Michael Morris of Davenport.
Michael C. Morris - Davenport & Company, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First, on the international side, double-digit ad growth in Western Europe certainly very impressive, particularly in light of the health of the economy over there and what we're seeing in general in the ad market place. Can you talk in a little more detail about -- I'm just trying to figure out, going forward, what this can look like. How much of that is share shift into Pay TV? How much of it is you being able to roll out incremental channels and a little more detail on pricing versus units, that will be helpful. And on ID, we've seen the ratings growth for quite a number of quarters now but this is the first time, at least that I can recall, that you've really highlighted the financial power that you're seeing in that. What happened in the third quarter to kind of kick that into gear? And when we look at the guidance for ad growth in the fourth quarter, how much is ID contributing to that? And how much of it is still your big 2 networks?
David Zaslav: Let me take the first. ID is in there. It's not that significant. The opportunity for ID is that the CPM is still quite low and we've been working very hard, Joe Abruzzese and his team -- we have a team selling just ID. There's really nothing that's happened. It continues to grow. When we look at the fact that it's the #10 network in America, when you look in terms of all day rating, it's very powerful in terms of its reach and the amount of time people are spending with it. And so we have focused hard on how do we drive that CPM. I'd say we're in the second inning of that. And so we think we just have a lot of growth left on that asset. On international -- in Western Europe, it was mostly market share, I'm going to let Brad speak to it, but we launched a women's platform in Italy called Real Time and it's the #8 channel in all of Italy. And so by gaining market share, by launching whether it be TLC or Real Time or ID, in some of those markets, we've been able to gain some share and then monetize that. But Brad can give more specifics.
Bradley E. Singer: Yes, with regard -- it really was share shifting. Italy was a big part of that, as well as TLC and the other countries I mentioned. We also -- also it was a pretty good environment for Pay TV in terms of price for most of the markets. I think the one hot market we highlighted that was not as favorable is the U.K. and it is our largest market, so that offset a little bit of the growth that we are seeing in Western Europe. But it was a combination of the elements that you walked through.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, everybody, for joining us. And if you have any follow-up questions, feel free to give us a call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Peter Liguori - Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Bradley Singer - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Treasurer David Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: James Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc. Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Marla Backer - Hudson Square Research, Inc. Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Discovery Communications, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today, to Craig Felenstein, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. You may proceed.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, Francis. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Discovery Communications' Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Peter Liguori, our Chief Operating Officer; and Brad Singer, our Chief Financial Officer. Hopefully, you have all received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Brad, after which we will open the call up for your questions. We urge you to please keep to 1 or 2 questions so we can accommodate as many folks as possible.  Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn it over to David.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Discovery delivered another quarter of strong growth in Q2, maintaining the financial momentum we generated at the start of the year, as well as the strength we exhibited throughout 2010. We once again achieved double-digit OIBDA gains, despite the expected higher content amortization that we previously highlighted. Our focused investment in content remains a strategic imperative as we look to further strengthen our established brands, build new genres and take full advantage of our robust global distribution platform. It's important to note that while our amortization in 2011 is catching up to our cash investment over the last several years, we have only increased our content investment at a compound annual rate of 6% to 7% since 2008, as we remain diligent with regards to success-based investment. Maintaining appropriate cost structure continues to be a priority. So, as we look to grow revenues and build out our content assets, we remain persistent about controlling spending that does not end up on the screen, evidenced by margins increasing to 48% this quarter.  Brad will take you through Discovery's quarterly results in a few minutes. But before he does, I'd like to illustrate how our sustained investment in content is translating into stronger brand position and increased financial returns, while also setting the company up to deliver continued robust operating strength in the future. About 2/3 of Discovery's content investment is dedicated to our U.S. Networks, where we are focused on strengthening the brands and storytelling of flagship networks, Discovery Channel and TLC; building new brands and genres with ID, Animal Planet, Science and Military; and filling the creative whitespace with our joint venture efforts in OWN and The Hub. Our investment has allowed us to create a diverse portfolio that appeals to both men and women, delivers real value to affiliate and advertising partners and positions us to grow market share across our networks. This past quarter, ratings were up 6% across our domestic portfolio, and we leveraged those bigger audiences into another quarter of double-digit advertising growth. The biggest engine driving both ratings and advertising gains remains Investigation Discovery. ID is the leading brand for viewers looking for high-quality investigative storytelling and has moved from the # 26 ranked network in the U.S. for women 25 to 54 last year to the 18th ranked network today. It continues to be the fastest-growing network in cable, with prime time viewership up nearly 70% this quarter, driven by the BEHIND MANSION WALLS, True Crime with Aphrodite Jones and Disappeared. ID is now in over 77 million homes and with commitments to be in over 80 million homes by year-end. And when you combine this reach with an audience that has one of the longest viewing times of any cable network, it becomes a great value proposition for advertisers. We also delivered solid ad growth this quarter from our flagship networks, Discovery and TLC. Discovery leveraged the continued ratings strength of Deadliest Catch, as well as the success of several documentaries, which focused on breaking news story such as KILLING BIN LADEN and Mega Quake. Discovery remains top 5 network among adults 25 to 54, and we are excited about the number of new hits we have returning in the back half of the year, including Gold Rush, Flying Wild Alaska and Sons of Guns, which returns for its second season in July and is delivering double-digit ratings gains from season 1. TLC group prime time viewership, 3% this quarter, including 7% in the key women 25 to 54 demo, led by returning series Sister Wives and Toddlers and Tiaras, while also launching several new hits including Extreme Couponing, New York INK and My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding. Gypsy Wedding is a great example of the advantage of having boots on the ground in so many markets like we do. We saw and heard the early buzz the Gypsy series generated in the U.K. We quickly acquired it and brought it to the TLC in the U.S. and are launching a companion series on the U.S. Gypsy community in the fourth quarter.  TLC's second quarter momentum has continued after the quarter, as once again, it is enjoying summer success, highlighted by the latest iteration of its Say Yes to the Dress franchise, Bridesmaids. For the month of July, viewership was up 6%, and TLC was the # 2 network in America, behind only USA Network in the women 18 to 49 demo, giving TLC some strong ratings momentum, heading into the second half of the year. While our ad sales growth was led by Discovery, ID and TLC, all of our domestic networks delivered gains during the second quarter, including Animal Planet, which developed several new successful series, including Finding Bigfoot, while enjoying strong performances from the return of River Monsters and Whale Wars. Overall, our sustained investment in content has resulted in a domestic portfolio that was broader and deeper than it has ever been. The size and quality of the audience we are delivering enabled the company to generate another quarter of double-digit ad growth, as well as capitalize on the robust upfront market. In the upfront, we garnered upfront pricing increases in the high single to low double-digit range, while achieving the highest dollar volume in our history. We were also able to generate higher volumes for many of our emerging networks, as advertisers recognize the value of the brands we have invested in. As for what we're seeing today, current scatter pricing remains robust and healthy. And with a balanced portfolio of strong brands that reached both men and women demographics, we are optimistic that advertising revenues will grow solidly for the remainder of the year. At the same time that we focused on strengthening our consolidated channels, we remain committed to growing the audiences at our 2 domestic joint ventures, OWN and The Hub. Last month, we announced that Oprah will take over as CEO and Chief Creative Officer of OWN. Oprah was just with me at TCA last week in L.A., and she in place as CEO already. Oprah has also reunited with the operating and creative leaders from Harpo, Erik Logan and Sheri Salata, who she worked with for many years, and her team is already working on creating compelling content for the network.  We now have her creative team in place and a more robust lineup set for the fall and spring, including The Rosie Show, which launches on October 10, plus OWN Your Life, which integrates Oprah's 25-year library, with significant new Oprah content in each episode. In addition, in January, we will launch Oprah's Next Chapter. All in, we are optimistic about the brand strength, content pipeline and ratings potential of the network.  We're also encouraged by what we are seeing at The Hub, especially with animated programs. June was the Hub's highest rating month since last December and Margaret Loesch, Hub's CEO, is continuing to make real progress with the new summer schedule.  While we see continued opportunity ahead with our established and growing domestic channels, it is the current momentum and potential of our international assets that present a meaningful unique opportunity for us. I think we have built the best international platform media company in the world, and we've done it over the last 20 years.  We have broad and deep distribution encompassing over 200 countries and territories, with an average of 5 or 6 channels per market. And we have also a leadership position in high definition, with channels in over 100 countries. We are generating significant financial returns today, while positioning ourselves to take advantage of the evolution of Pay TV in the years ahead.  Pay TV penetration continues to grow across the globe, and in most markets, it still has a long way to go before it reaches the penetration levels we see domestically. Our subscriber base, internationally, expanded by 15% this quarter and that translated into affiliate growth of 12% in local currency terms. And while nearly every region exhibited double-digit gains, we are seeing some of our fastest growth in India and in Russia and in Latin America, where Brazil continues to lead the way. Latin America is a great example of a historically under-penetrated market that is delivering real growth.  Operators are introducing packages to appeal to the emerging middle class, and our long-standing relationships allow us to ensure distribution on the faster-growing packages in that region. Pay TV penetration in Brazil still has a ways to go, as it is just over 20% of the market. But it's up from only 14% in 2009. And because we have 11 channels in that market, we will continue to benefit as that market grows and evolves.  Combining a larger addressable audience across our international platforms, with a more robust programming offering, has resulted in substantial viewership gains. And these additional eyeballs are translating into sustained double-digit advertising growth. With advertising still only making up about 1/3 of our international revenue, we have plenty of room to grow this revenue stream and increase international margins.  The breadth and diversity of our platforms also allows us to be nimble to take advantage of market trends and opportunities. There is no better example than how quickly we are building TLC into the most widely distributed female network in the world. We are replicating the strategy domestically of delivering a diversity to our affiliates and advertisers, by offering a strong female flagship to complement Discovery Channel.  TLC recently launched outside the U.S. and in Netherlands and is now in over 80 million homes in 34 countries, and we expect to significantly exceed our goal of 100 million homes by the end of this year. At that point, TLC will be the most widely distributed female network in the world.  But TLC is not the only content asset we are aggressively building. We are always on the lookout for unique programming opportunities, whether capitalizing on the ability to diversify our distribution across all platforms in Italy with Real Time, which we launched 8 months ago and is now a top 10 network, trailing only the broadcast networks. We're building local and customized channels across India, where we just received approval for 5 new channel licenses.  Together, these new initiatives are contributing a significant portion of our ad growth internationally, and we will continue to be opportunistic in taking advantage of the unmatched platform we have assembled. Building new brands and strengthening our content pipeline remains our first strategic priority. But as we said in the past, we are focused on thoughtfully allocating capital. We have a very strong balance sheet and we will generate over $1 billion in free cash flow this year. We will continue to seek out value-enhancing opportunities, whether organically or through adding to our existing asset base, while also returning capital to shareholders.  Since last November, we have returned over $1 billion in capital to our shareholders. And with the additional $1 billion buyback just authorized by our board, we will continue to do so aggressively if it is the best use of our balance sheet. Discovery had a great first half of 2011, delivering strong financial results, while simultaneously investing in our brands and platforms around the globe. With the continued robust operating environment, a diverse collection of content assets and a strong balance sheet, we are poised to continue our operating and financial momentum for the rest of the year.  Before I finish off, I want to mention that, as most of you know, Brad will be leaving us after the first quarter of next year. He's been a great financial and operational leader, and he leaves us in tremendous shape to build upon the growth we delivered over the past few years together. We wish him the best of luck, and I'll now turn the call over to Brad Singer.
Bradley Singer: Thanks, David. Discovery continued its robust 2011 performance in the second quarter, and the favorable operating environment enabled us to enjoy double-digit global ad growth and strong international subscriber gains.  Total revenues increased 11% compared to the prior year, led by 20% international revenue growth and complemented by 6% higher domestic revenues. Please note that pro forma for the de-consolidation of the Discovery Health Network, which had $21 million revenues in the prior year and excluding currency fluctuations, our company revenue growth remains 11%. Our total operating expenses in the quarter increased 10% compared to the prior year, primarily due to the higher content amortization we highlighted previously, as well as increased personnel cost. As a result of our ability to generate strong revenue growth, we increased our adjusted OIBDA 12% to $510 million compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency and the de-consolidation of the Discovery Health, adjusted OIBDA increased 11%.  Net income more than doubled to $254 million, reflecting our improved operating performance and $105 million of losses related to the refinancing in the prior year. Excluding the prior year losses on extinguishing our debt, net income increased over 20%. Our free cash flow increased $242 million to $198 million in the second quarter of 2011 due to the improvement of our operating performance, lower tax and long-term incentive compensation payments and prior year refinancing costs.  Turning to the operating units. Our U.S. operations delivered another solid quarter, with domestic revenues up 6%, led by 10% ad revenue growth and complemented by 4% domestic affiliate fee growth. Excluding Discovery Health from 2010 results and nonrecurring revenue items, ad revenues grew over 13% and distribution revenues grew 6%, compared to the prior year.  The substantial ad growth was on top of a 13% increase in the second quarter of 2010 and led by the strong performance in Investigation Discovery, as well as the sustained favorable pricing and demand environment. The attractive current market conditions continue to exist in 2011, as we anticipate our third quarter domestic ad performance to be slightly below second quarter levels, due to the tougher 16% prior year comparable performance.  Our domestic operating expenses were up 10% from the prior year, with the significant majority of increase due to the expected higher content amortization. On a reported basis, domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 4% versus a year ago. Excluding the impact of Discovery Health and nonrecurring items, adjusted OIBDA increased 5% from the prior year.  Turning to our international operations. Our second quarter revenues grew 20%, driven by 25% advertising and 18% of affiliate growth. Excluding the impact of favorable exchange rates, revenues increased 14%, led by a 17% increase in advertising and complemented by 12% increase in distribution compared to 2010. International ad revenue growth was driven by growth across all of our regions, led by western Europe, which successfully launched TLC in several markets and repositioned Real Time in Italy. For the first half of 2011, our International ad revenue, excluding currency fluctuations, grew 19%. This was even more impressive, considering our 2010 first half ad revenues had increased 35%.  Our international distribution revenue growth was led by continued strong subscriber additions in our Latin American, eastern European and Asia Pacific operations. With a 15% year-on-year subscriber growth at our most fully distributed network, Discovery Channel. Operating cost internationally were up 12%, excluding currency fluctuations, primarily due to higher content amortization, sales commissions and personnel cost.  Our international team continued to deliver strong OIBDA growth, up 17%, excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency, while thoughtfully investing in key growth initiatives such as the roll out of TLC and expanding our presence in emerging markets with office openings in Moscow, Kiev and Almonte.  As we look forward to the second half of 2011, we remain encouraged by the fact that the beneficial pricing and ad trends we have experienced over the last several quarters have continued through July, as well by the ample upfront sales demands David discussed in his remarks. As a result, for the full year 2011, we are refining our forecast and raising our expectations of revenue by $50 million and adjusted OIBDA by $25 million.  We anticipate revenues $4.075 billion to $4.175 billion and adjusted OIBDA of $1.875 billion to $1.95 billion, primarily driven by our revenue growth, offset by acceleration of certain content cost on our digital networks. We expect overall adjusted OIBDA growth at mid-single digits for the third quarter due to the domestic revenue increases being fully offset by the increased domestic content amortization we've discussed previously and the timing of certain SG&A expenses, which we shifted from the second quarter, with the resumption of double-digit OIBDA growth in the fourth quarter.  Turning to the balance sheet. We further strengthened our financial position this quarter, completing a $650 million 10-year debt offering with an effective rate of 4.45%. Over the past year, we have successfully reconstituted our balance sheet, significantly increasing our financial flexibility, while lowering our average cost. With our straightened balance sheet and strong operating performance, we continue to return capital to shareholders through execution of our share repurchase program.  Our first priority is to invest our capital in our core business to enhance our shareholder returns. To the extent we have not found opportunities with attractive financial returns, we have accelerated utilizing the cash in our balance sheet, as well as the cash we generate to repurchase our shares. We have repurchased 210 million of our Class C shares during the quarter and over 609 million in total under our share repurchase program, in addition to the repurchase of 500 million preferred Class C shares. As a result of our share repurchase activity to date, we are increasing our share repurchase authorization by another $1 billion to enable us to continue to thoughtfully repatriate capital to our shareholders.  Before I finish off, I would like to thank David Zaslav, a great friend and partner, John Hendricks and the Discovery board for providing me the opportunity to be a part of Discovery. Discovery is a truly unique company, with a wonderful culture and terrific colleagues. We've worked hard to ensure that Discovery delivers sustained operating performance, while further strengthening its strategic position.  While it is difficult to leave a great position in a great company, in March of 2012, I firmly believe Discovery is in a strong position to achieve long-term success and continued growth. I hope everyone is enjoying Shark Week and will enjoy the premieres of Curiosity this Sunday, Crazy About Pippa on TLC, Who the (BLEEP) Did I Marry? on ID and Tanked on Animal Planet.  David, Peter and I will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: The question broadly, and I think more for David, when you look across the major media companies I think what stands out for you is the international platform, but I think it's the most profitable. Can you talk a bit about the international growth prospects in your prepared remarks? When you look at those big buckets, well, first are you worried at all about maturity in Europe and the difficult economic environment there right now? And on the other side, you talked about leveraging U.S. channels and building some local international channels and emerging market growth. So I guess when you think about those 3 buckets, what's the biggest 2 or 3 drivers of international in the next few to the extent that growth rate now is stronger? I hope it is sustainable.
David Zaslav: Doug, we always are somewhat dependent on the economic environment. But we've seen real meaningful demand around the world on the advertising side, so there's a bit of a disconnect. Our advertising strength this past quarter was really across the board. But if you look fundamentally at our international business, we have a couple of levers. One, we have between 5 and 6 channels in over 200 countries, and most of those markets are still growing substantially. So you saw a 15% sub growth, which is like the U.S. 7 or 8 years ago. And so we expect that we'll continue to see meaningful sub growth over the next several years as Pay TV becomes more mature. It's in its adolescence in a lot of the markets, and in some of the emerging markets, you're seeing really robust growth. On the advertising side, we still only make about 1/3 of our money. Here in the U.S. it's about 50-50, maybe a little bit more on advertising. And internationally, it's about 35%. And that's another indicator that we need to mature more as we take our channels around the world. So we can really have a lot of growth there. And one of the other wins that's helping us is when you see in the U.S. that broadcast dollars about 15 years ago, started to move towards cable. You're starting to see that across the board around the world in some of the markets that are emerging. It's happening slower. But in France and in Russia, most of the money was being spent on broadcast. And in the past 2 years, it's transitioning now to cable, and the CPMs are starting to increase. And so that's a trend that we expect to continue for the next several years and will help us. And finally, our content travels well and we have really been reinforcing the value of our brands and our content around the world. We talked about, several years ago, that we thought we were the best platform media company in the world, and we were on a journey to become a great content company, to complement those platforms. We still have a long way to go but this past year, we've put a stake in the ground with TLC. We said we wanted to take TLC around the world and make it the largest women's network, but also have it have real impact. And it is having impact. In a number of markets, it's the top 10 network in the market. In Italy, where we launched our women's network, called Real Time, we had it on a cable platform at SKY Italia, and we put it on a broadcast platform. And in a market like Italy where there wasn't a lot of growth, we were able to grow our advertising 100% this past quarter. And so its sub growth, which we're positioned to take advantage of because we were there so early. Its ad growth, which is happening generically anyway, but we're growing our market share, and it's taking advantage of our brands and really building up our ratings. So we feel very confident. Mark Hollinger is our best operating leader in the company, and we moved him over about a year ago to run international, and he's built a great team. He's doing a great job, and I do think it's a unique advantage.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Just one clarification question for Brad and then one for David and Peter. Advertising outlook for Q3 Brad, are you talking about slightly below the reported ad number? Are you backing out the $8 million one-timer that you had this quarter?
Bradley Singer: Slightly below the adjusted 13% number.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Got you. And then taking up a little bit on the international point, David. And then, we go the other way, which is you have a unique platform, and I'm sure in markets like Latin America, Track TV reported this morning, they're, like, almost 500,000 net ads in Latin America. The market is just booming. And I'm wondering how you think about investing in content more substantially in those markets, because I'm sure if you look back to your -- over your career at NBC and think about cable in the U.S. years ago, this sort fighting and scratching and getting broadcast money. But you have such an opportunity in these high-growth markets to really kind of go forward on market share in terms of ratings and adding more hours of programming, and do more local, and you have an incredibly profitable business. How do you guys think about balancing investment in those really high-growth markets to try to take advantage of what seems to be just a really secularly booming market?
David Zaslav: Well, we do have a targeted strategy where we look at the higher growth markets, and we lean in. And Latin America is a good example of that because in Latin America, we have Discovery Kids, which is, in most of the markets, they're the #1 network for -- kid’s network for kids 6 and under. In Brazil, it's the # 1 cable network in all of Brazil, because of co-viewing. So we have Discovery Kids. We also have the equivalent of a Home & Garden down there a channel called Home and Health. We've launched it early. We've invested in it, and it's been very successful for us, as well as Discovery, Animal Planet and TLC. When we look at Latin America, we have the most balanced portfolio there, but we are leaning in. I was in Brazil. I was in Argentina and Chile recently. We have very strong team driving that, and we're very cognizant of the fact that Latin America, India and Russia are big opportunities for us because we have a lot of platforms in those markets. We have 9 channels in Russia. We're going to launch 5 more channels in India. These are markets that have a lot more wind at the back. And given the fact our brands are strong there and we have boots on the ground that we should accelerate our opportunity there. But don't underestimate western Europe. We have a lot of growth in western Europe, and that has a lot to do with the fact that we've been in those markets, with growing market share, and advertising continues to grow in a number of those markets, whether it be in Germany, in the U.K. and in Italy. And so we're leaning in, in the growth markets but we're continuing to the advantage of the fact that we have real market share and scale in markets like western Europe.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Spencer Wang from Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG: Just one question on U.S. affiliate revenue growth, maybe for David or Brad. So Pay TV subscriber growth over the last couple of quarters has been pretty close to 0. I was just wondering if this persists because of the economy or housing or whatever. Do you think you can still sustain 6% affiliate revenue growth just on affiliate fee increases and higher digital penetration?
Bradley Singer: Spencer, when you look at the numbers, our fully distributed networks experienced year-on-year, the numbers of subscribers are about 0.5% higher. Our digital networks are about a little -- about 5% higher. And if you combine that with our rate increases, that's what got us to the 6% growth rate. And those are the components that got you there. Now you can play with the growth rate of digital or household formations, and those are the variables as you move forward in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of things, move a little away from international. The guidance, you increased for revenue and EBITDA but not for net income. Is that because of the JVs?
David Zaslav: Jessica, it's because of 3 reasons. One is the JVs. If you look at our OIBDA increase of $25 million, so that translates naturally with our tax rate, it's about $15 million of net income. Now that $15 million, we didn't increase it because we have a higher interest costs related to the bond offering we just did. So that's one component of it. The JV are not having performed as well as we would have hoped, so that's one component. And our tax rate was up about 0.5%, as we look at it on a GAAP basis. So those 3 things led to that $15 million not flowing through.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then separately, I know you guys tried in the past to syndicate some of your product, and it maybe wasn't as successful as you would have liked. But the growing platforms from Netflix and Amazon here and I guess, domestically as well, is this an opportunity to reuse your content?
David Zaslav: Jessica, well, we sat out the use of our long-term content on the Web, and we really leaned in aggressively with clips with our characters and driving social media, because the economics weren't there. We didn't think the economics -- the right business model was there. There's probably never been a better time to be in the content business, particularly when you own your content. We have a 20-year library. We've converted into HD and digitized it. And a lot of that is content that really works and has a long life. So the good news for us is that we own all of our content. And for the first time, in terms of older windows, there were a number of players out there that are interested in offering that content in different ways, whether it's Netflix, Amazon, Google. Wal-Mart announced the other day that they are starting a service. And so all of that, directionally, is an opportunity for us. What we're working through right now is getting the right value for our content in any of the deals that we do. But it's very encouraging to have a number of new players out there that are looking to offer existing content to consumers and that the consumers are starting to like the opportunity, to consume it. So for us, we think it's good, and we continue -- we're talking to all of them, and we'll continue to talk to them.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Richard Greenfield from BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: Over the last -- just talking in a high-level, over the last 5 or 6 years, you've had pretty incredible ratings performance throughout your U.S. Networks. But the Discovery Channel is one where you probably hasn't gotten as much focus specifically versus some of your developing stories, which have worked out. When you look at it -- David, when you came in Billy Campbell left, and you've had Jane Root, John Ford, Clark Bunting, I guess, Eileen O'Neill, technically overseeing both major U.S. Networks now. But obviously, a lot of people running the Discovery Channel. And just would love -- kind of your thought process, where do you think the core Discovery Channel is? Why has there been so much management change? And how are you thinking about management going forward as Clark leaves?
David Zaslav: Clark's been a great steward of Discovery, and Clark's going to be retiring in about 9 months or so. And I actually spent time with Clark over 20 years ago when I was a lawyer and Clark was at Discovery. So he's made a lot of great contributions to the company, and he has really helped to build Discovery over the last year. The challenge that we had is that we had some great series that were very robust with really strong characters and storytelling. And then we had a number of other series that were just okay. And so we have been struggling to get a great creative team in there to really drive better stories, better characters and deliver on the real promise of Discovery, what is Discovery when it's at its best. And we're excited about what we have now. We have a number of series with Gold Rush, Flying Wild Alaska, Sons of Guns. We have a whole new creative slate that Clark and Eileen are putting together. And we have a show called Curiosity, which the founder of Discovery came up with, and we've all gotten behind it a big way. It launches this Sunday. It will be every Sunday. It will be a show about curiosity, which is kind of heart and core of our brand. We've started experimenting in the last couple of months with instamentaries. We did a Bin Laden special. We did a mega quake special, both of which worked. I would say that right now Discovery is good, but it could and should be better. And by putting Eileen O'Neill and getting her involved in the network, she's got a lot more energy and a real drive toward that storytelling and character. She did it at TLC, where when she got to TLC it was # 20 network in America. And as I mentioned, last month, it was the # 2 network for women in 18 to 49, behind only USA. And she has about 25 shows that get over 1 million viewers, and she built a team that really focused on story and character. And that's what we're doing at Discovery now. I think we're making progress. The good news is that I think there's a lot of headroom for us to grow. Discovery has kind of performed at market level for the last 3 years or so, and we think we can outperform. We should outperform and that's our expectation, that's Eileen and Clark's expectation, and you should look for us to do that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Bank from RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: The success of ID has really been pretty astounding. And I'm kind of curious about once you get past the next leg of relatively greater distribution, as you guys have done this a bunch of times before, how long is the tailwind likely to last? Because the first boost obviously comes from just increased distribution and then, that comes with other benefits that go on into the future. So that's first part of the question about ID. And the second part is when you look at the ratings success, how much of it, over the past year, is about kind of seem subscriber ratings increases versus sort of increased distribution-related increases, if it's possible to look in that way?
David Zaslav: Okay. Henry Schleiff has been on a mission with ID, and he and his team have done a -- I've never seen a cable channel grow this way. It is the #18 channel for women in America today, in the 25 to 54 demo. And the astonishing thing is it's in a little less than 80 million homes, and there's still only 35% of the people that have ID know that they have ID. And so there's tremendous upside there. About 2/3 of the growth is coming from pure Henry's team, building shows, show after show that's generating interest in ratings. And it has the-- I'm not going to say it's the longest but it might be, it's up there, in terms of the amount of time that people spend watching a network. So it's -- we have a group of people watching ID that really love it, a significant portion of the day. That's another indicator that we have upside when you put that together with the fact that 65% of the people that have it, don't know that they do. So we're very excited about ID. The other thing that gives us some real opportunity is that it grew so quickly that we haven't been able to really get the value on the CPM side, and that's traditional in the media business. Because we were doing mostly DR, and then we started weighing in Joe and Avers Aham's[ph] team, started bringing in national advertisers about 2 years ago. And we started from a pretty low base and all of a sudden, we have the compelling ratings. And it takes time, probably 2 to 3 years, for us to be able to get the CPMs that this channel deserves in light of the audience that it's delivering and the quality of the audience that it's delivering. So we're getting the growth of the audience. We're getting the growth of the subs, and we should get a very meaningful growth in the CPM. So it's an unusual asset, the credit goes to Henry Schleiff and his whole team that have -- they're having a ton of fun building a great network with great storytelling.
Peter Liguori: And one last thing on that, which again, will on the CPM and distribution growth front is time spent viewing. It is a leading, if not the leading network, with the audience spending their time in front of these shows. That is an incredible indication about the popularity and depth of storytelling that ID is providing.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: First, for Brad, I just was hoping you could give us some more granularity around international in the third quarter, particularly advertising and affiliate. You were helpful on the domestic side, I think for domestic advertising churn. And then OIBDA, can you help us on that a little bit, third quarter and then turning to the fourth quarter for international? And then a follow-up.
Bradley Singer: International will be somewhat consistent with the second quarter. It shouldn't be dramatically different one way or the other. And now that could change because you have less visibility internationally, and you're in a higher growth environment. But the tranche should be somewhat similar.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: In the third quarter and moving to the fourth quarter?
Bradley Singer: In the third quarter.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Okay. I was hoping maybe you could give it to us through the end of your tenure. And second question is for David, I suppose -- going back to an earlier question. It was asked about affiliate fees. One interpretation of your aggressiveness around content investments in the U.S. is that you're trying to design your portfolio and your content to increase your negotiating power with your affiliates as those re-ups and renegotiations come up. I presume, in the next year or 2, those -- you'll have some major re-ups with your traditional affiliate partners and then also with your digital distribution partners. So I'm wondering if you could just talk about that a little bit, about how you're preparing for those negotiations. And then following that would be, does it make sense for your to be opportunistic on the acquisition front in order to build your portfolio of networks ahead of those negotiations with your partners?
David Zaslav: We don't have any large deals that come up before 2012, and then they're staggered, so we do have time. But there really is alignment. In order for us to grow as a company, we need to grow our market share. People still only watch 8 or 10 channels, and we're on a mission every day to have people have our channels be 1 of the 8 or 10 channels they spend time with. So when we grew this quarter 6%, it means 6% more people are spending time with our channels, and behaviorally, when you can get them to do that, it's pretty sticky. And so if we can grow our channels and people spend more time with us, then we're going to grow our ad revenue. And as you say, the stronger our channels, the stronger our hand when we sit down and have a discussion when our deals are up. But if you look at where we were when we did our deals, TLC was the # 20 or 22 service in America, ID was Discovery Times. The Science channel really didn't have a lot of original content, several years ago, and Military Channel was mostly library. So we've targeted TLC now as the top 5 channel in America, ID the top 20 network and growing, and Science a great niche network, where we've really invested in quality content. Morgan Freeman's Through the Wormhole has been a real success for that network, and there's a lot of original content Debbie Myers and her team had developed, and Henry Schleiff has now been pushing on Military, which has a good niche audience. And so all that of that are things we would do anyway. But it will be helpful to us as our 13 channels. We also have Discovery Español, which depending on the month, has been #1 or 2 network in America in the Hispanic space. It goes back and forth with Galavision. The stronger our channels are, the better economics we can deliver quarter-to-quarter, the better content we can drive around the world because our content goes around the world and the stronger our hand. And then of course, now there's this new opportunity, whether it's TV Everywhere, which we're very supportive of but we haven't done any TV Everywhere deals with the distributors yet or these new players like Netflix or Amazon or Google that want our content. Having stronger content and stronger brands also makes us -- gives us a more nourishing hand for those discussions. So there's full alignment. We have to build our brands, better shows, better channels, better storytelling, and so we do have clarity of purpose, which is helpful.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Janedis with UPS -- UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: David, a bit of a follow-up for an earlier question. But historically, you've talked about Animal Planet and how you thought that network under-earned for a network of its size. And obviously, at this point ID's audience is probably going to rival or surpass that network on a consistent basis by year end. And so directionally, can you give us your thoughts about maybe how that roll of a gap has narrowed and is the cash flow opportunity there in maybe the mid-teens of millions as you do that?
David Zaslav: Well, Animal Planet. We built a strong brand with Animal Planet. It was a little bit profitable a few years ago and now, it's making a substantial amount of money for us. We've been able to get the CPM up, and it continues to grow. It's hard to compare when we look at our portfolio of 13 channels. But there's no question that ID is a network where the audience is telling us that they want more of it, and they want to spend more time with it. It doesn't mean that Animal Planet isn't strong. It is strong. It is a great brand, and we continue to invest in it. And Margaret Caplin [ph] her team just recently launched Finding Bigfoot, a very successful show and Whale Wars and River Monsters have been -- there's a real following for Animal Planet. So we stay -- we remain optimistic. But when we look at the growth of ID, when we look at the growth of Science, when we look at the growth of Military, it's just encouraging that we've kind of amortized our growth portfolio where we have more that we can lean on and, like in any portfolio, there are some that are going to be doing better than others at different times. So we're just really listening to the audience.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And just on OWN, you give a good update there. A couple of weeks back, I think OWN bought the rights to Undercover Boss. I would assume that would be more expensive than the average cost of a program for the network, and so I'm wondering until what extent you are going to increase your mix or prior programming there. And also did you keep the investment at $250 million?
Bradley Singer: With regard to the cost, while we don't talk about specific programming costs in any one element, that is split between 2 different networks of ours. And even as a combined cost, it's not near our averages even. So it's -- I want to be careful about drawing too firm a conclusion about where we're going with the cost structure of any of our programming. And I'll turn over to Peter to -- the second part of your question.
Peter Liguori: Yes, we will continue to evaluate programming on an opportunistic basis. Does it fit the brand, or in this instance, brands? Can we get it for a price that will create value? And we're going to go on, on an ad hoc basis. It is not part of a long-term strategy to acquire programming. But good opportunity, we took advantage of it, we're leveraging it over 2 networks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Marla Backer from Hudson Square
Marla Backer - Hudson Square Research, Inc.: I have a couple of questions, one is a housekeeping one. Now that Oprah has taken over the role of CEO and I think, Chief Creative Officer at OWN, is Peter still nearly as involved as he had been before that management change?
David Zaslav: The answer is no, and it's good news. Sheri and Erik are there now. They ran Harpo before for Oprah and did a fantastic job. They have a great working relationship with Oprah, and they came over. Peter transitioned, and we feel that with Sheri and with Oprah that the network is in good shape. And so I think it frees Peter up to come back and spend more time with us. So it's a positive-positive.
Marla Backer - Hudson Square Research, Inc.: Okay. And the other question is on the upfront. So the outlook remains strong in terms of where spot pricing is and the advances you were able to obtain in the upfront. But relative to prior years, did you leave yourself more or less inventory to benefit if pricing remains strong? Or were you kind of cautious because the economy seems a little uncertain -- seems too still uncertain now?
Bradley Singer: This is Brad. With regard to the upfront, we sold about 20%-ish more dollar volume than we did in the prior year and half of that is price-driven. And the other half when we look at the inventory component, it was really we're focusing on some of our non-prime inventory. And so I think we were -- the assessing is very good and very thoughtful. that's how they delivered the upfront dollars that we ultimately placed.
David Zaslav: The other piece that Joe was very effective with is, instead of just looking at Discovery and TLC and Animal Planet, he was able to really increase the volume and the quality of the business that we were able to put in to our other 10 networks. And that was -- a big function of that was the quality of the brands in the networks have really improved and have more awareness. But also that the market was strong, and in a strong market, Joe was able to build volume on those networks that are sometimes have more -- tend to have more DR. And so that's a real value to us, a real plus-plus.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jim Goss from Barrington Research.
James Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Domestically, launching a cable channel is notoriously constrained by its shelf space, availability and competitive issues program. I was wondering if you could discuss that situation, internationally. You were talking about adding like 5 or 6 new Indian channels. What is the environment like in those international markets? Could you also talk about the balance of growth versus costs? You have talked about TLC getting some better cost-wise programming in some of those international markets where ahead of the indigenous products and didn't transfer from the U.S. How is that working with the other channels?
David Zaslav: Okay, I'm going to take the first part, and Brad will talk about the growth versus cost. The good news is that we got out about 20 years ago and invested significantly in building our platforms around the world. And in most markets, it is real beachfront real estate. So when we have 11 channels in Brazil, and we're sitting with 10 channels in Argentina and we have 8 channels in Italy, those channels are, if you had a great library and you went out and you made a great pitch, in many cases you cannot get carried at all. Or in some cases if you're going to be carried, you'd be carried on digital. So as you go around the world, you would see 5 or 6 on of our channels on analog, with meaningful sub fees in what would look like a community -- a channel community that we had here in the U.S. 10 or 15 years ago. And so in most markets, the fact that we're there with these channels is a real strategic advantage. In India, which is a growth market, the fact that we're there with a substantial number of channels, with brands and the success, we were able to use our boots on the ground to get when they do say that there's going to be an opportunity for some additional licenses that we could get be at the front of the line, and we were able to get 5 additional. But in general, what we do is we're improving the channels that we have, and we've also taken advantage of the fact that we saw what happened here in the U.S. with HD. We were one of the first to move -- we were to move into HD with Discovery HD theater. But we were also a very early mover. We have 7 HD channels here in the U.S. We went out very early. We spent a lot of capital converting our content into HD, and when the cable operators here in the U.S. said they want more HD content to drive the HD tier, we raised our hand and took 7 channels while they were available to take. And then, we saw what happened. The market closed up and a lot of people wanted HD channels. But because they took up so much bandwidth, it was tough to get. So we took that experience, and we went around the world. And as we did our deals with distributors around the world, we did them for our existing channels, but we also got commitments. If they had HD, they have a number of HD channels. If they didn't have HD, we have commitments that if they do launch HD that we will get some or one or more of the HD channels when they do launch. So continuing to be a platform leader is key for us. That's also why we launched the first 24-hour 3D channel here in the U.S., with Sony and with IMAX. And that's been helpful to us around the world because we have a ton of 3D content. We have some real experience with 3D content, and as we go around the world and we're renewing our deals, whether we do a channel or whether we just offer some 3D content, we have channels, HD and 3D. And so I think that, that early mover is a real gating opportunity for us. Brad?
Bradley Singer: And Jim with regard to your question on cost and growth, we look at it, whether it's domestic or international, very similarly, which is with the help of multi-year plan. And we try to lay out what are the benchmarks for success, and if we're hitting them, we try to accelerate that investment to be very success-based. And ID is a good example domestically where we've tripled our investment over the last few years in our programming, and our ad sales have actually more than tripled. So that worked out very well. TLC International, very similar. And so as we approach anything -- any type of the incremental investment or even launching new offices, we try to do -- we do a multi-year plan. If we do well, we can be a lot more aggressive with that investment.
James Goss - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.: Okay, and just a couple of follow-ups. Is ID a good International potential opportunity? And with regard to 3D, how soon before you think that's meaningful, 2 years, 5 years, 10 years? Where does that fit in?
David Zaslav: On ID, we have launched ID as a separate channel in a number of markets, and it is doing well. But we also use ID because it aligns very well with Discovery, some of -- a number of those shows we use to make Discovery stronger around the world. On the 3D side, 3D candidly, has been slower than we expected. It's really going to be driven more -- it's going to be driven by the sets and how quick consumers really adopt to 3D. The good news for us is that we've gotten a lot of experience with it. If it transitions into a technology where you don't use glasses and it becomes robust, we'll be there. There are a number of markets where distributors feel like they need to hedge, even though the consumer demand isn't significant yet, that from a brand perspective it's important for them to have 3D or be a leader in 3D. And so the fact that we have it is important. The market demand has not developed yet, and it would probably be the consumer electronics crew, the technology crew, that can give you a better sense of if it will.
Craig Felenstein: Operator, we have time for one last question, please.
Operator: And that question will come from the line of from Vasily Karasyov from Susquehanna Financial Group.
Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: If we were to double dip in fact, what categories, advertising categories do you think you'll see as the leading indicator of this weakness? And then can you walk us through, please, the sequence of events in a weakening advertising environment? Is it the upfront cancellations first and then direct response increases and then branded scatter pricing comes under pressure?
Bradley Singer: Vasily, it's Brad Singer. With regard to which categories, I think, the ones that are most economically sensitive are usually the ones that would be the first you'd see some weakness in. That's how I phrase it, and I'll leave it to your judgment on which ones of those are. With regard to how -- what happens in an environment if it becomes more challenging, is it all depends. If you have a scatter market that's weak or if it is still above the upfront, you may not see as much upfront cancellations. What we saw in 2009, is we had a very good upfront, 2008 to 2009 broadcasting upfront. We saw that over the course of 2009, a mild acceleration of those cancellations during that period of time, and DR held in there pretty well. So that's, I think, the best analog or the most recent one that we can point to.
Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And just to confirm Brad, you don't see any of those signs at this point?
Bradley Singer: At this point, we have not seen any deterioration in our current market conditions.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you for joining us everybody, and please give us a call with any follow-up questions. Thank you.
David Zaslav: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Craig Felenstein - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Peter Liguori - Chief Operating Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Bradley Singer - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Treasurer David Zaslav - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc Alan Gould - Evercore Partners Inc. David Bank - RBC Capital Markets David Joyce - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2011 Discovery Communications Earnings Conference Call. My name is Derrick, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Craig Felenstein, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, Derrick. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Discovery Communications' First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Peter Liguori, our Chief Operating Officer; and Brad Singer, our Chief Financial Officer. Hopefully, you've all received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. On today's call, we will begin with some opening comments from David and Brad, after which, we will open the call up for your questions. Before we start, I would like to remind you that comments today regarding the company's future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management's current knowledge and assumptions about future events, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'll turn it over to David.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. In a few moments, Brad will take you through Discovery's strong financial results for the first quarter. A great start to the year, building upon the solid growth we delivered throughout 2010. And demonstrating the sustained operating momentum we continue to generate across all aspects of the company. Our gains were spread across networks and geographic regions, with double-digit revenue and OIBDA growth at both our International and Domestic businesses. And the top line growth again, was well-balanced with ad sales up 16%, as we capitalized globally on the robust ad environment. And affiliate revenues were up 8% as we took advantage of our unique market position around the globe. The backbone of Discovery's growth remains the strength of the company's content and brand portfolio. As I have said in the past, we will continue to invest in content to ensure we deliver the highest quality programming to our subscribers. We're investing in content more efficiently and more strategically than ever before. And at the same time, tightly controlling all other costs that don't end up directly on the screen. This approach remains the core of our strategy. Our long-term investment in content is paying real dividends for many of our networks, both in terms of ratings and advertising dollars.  Domestically, this past quarter, we built upon the 7% prime time viewership growth among adults 25 to 54, that we delivered in 2010 by increasing viewership 6% across our U.S. Networks.  The biggest growth story this past quarter was once again ID, Investigation Discovery, which delivered the best quarter in the network's history. Viewership increased nearly 50% among adults 25 to 54, sustaining its position as the fastest-growing cable channel in America. ID now has 8 shows delivering over 1 rating, including On the Case with Paula Zahn and True Crime with Aphrodite Jones.  ID's viewership will be further strengthened this year as we increase its distribution to 80 million homes by year-end. And with increased distribution, sustained ratings momentum and upside opportunity in pricing, we expect ID to deliver significant ad growth in 2011. We also had a great start to the year at our flagship network, the Discovery Channel. Viewership on Discovery was up 4% in the quarter. And what makes the first quarter growth so gratifying was that it was led by 2 new hit series, Gold Rush and Flying Wild Alaska. They combine Discovery, the highest-rated network in all of cable for men on Friday nights, and both are scheduled to return later this year. These are only 2 of our new series slated to return in 2011. We are also bringing back Auction Kings and Sons of Guns for second seasons. In fact, out of the 12 shows we premiered over the last 6 months, more than half are already scheduled to return for second seasons, a very healthy success rate. At the same time, our existing hits are performing well with returning favorites, Deadliest Catch, MythBusters and American Chopper, delivering very strong ratings in their latest seasons. The ratings comparisons in the second quarter will be skewed a little by the special series, Life, which aired a year ago. But with new series performing well and a great slate of returning hits, Discovery is poised to maintain its ratings momentum and deliver ad growth throughout 2011. Our second flagship, TLC, is also performing very well. It remains a top 10 network with ratings this past quarter up 4% in its key women demo led by Say Yes to the Dress and Cake Boss. With 14 series delivering over a 1 rating this quarter and several promising new shows including Extreme Couponing, which is 1 of the top 5 shows for women launched on cable this year, TLC should continue to deliver strong ad growth. We also expect advertising gains at all of our other domestic networks, including Science, which had its best ever quarter, delivering ratings growth of nearly 20%, as well as Animal Planet, which is focused on restoring the ratings momentum they've established over the past 2 years. Animal Planet enjoyed a strong performance from the return of River Monsters earlier this month, and we look forward to the return of Whale Wars in June. With a balanced portfolio of high-quality programming and our audience share expanding, we were able to grow domestic advertising 15%, excluding Discovery Health. Not only does this give us a great start to 2011, but it puts us in a great position heading into what is sure to be a robust upfront.  We recently completed our upfront presentations, and while it is difficult to predict where the upfront market will ultimately end up, with scatter volumes strong, scatter pricing well above last year's upfront, ratings momentum across our networks, a strong brand portfolio and the best ad sales team in the business, we fully expect to see significant increases in this year's upfront. At our upfront presentations, advertisers continue to express their enthusiasm about the potential of OWN: THE OPRAH WINFREY NETWORK. For the past 4 months, the network's focus has been on establishing its voice while working to build its original content.  Since its January launch, OWN has premiered 14 original series, including Our America with Lisa Ling, which has already been renewed for a second season, and The Judds, which premiered earlier this month to 1.7 million viewers.  As with any new cable channel, some content is working while other programming has not connected with an audience. OWN continues to invest in new programming, working hard to create compelling content. We're optimistic that the ratings at OWN will build throughout 2011, with 21 new series set to debut, including Why Not? with Shania Twain next month and we have Rosie and the Oprah 25-year library coming in the fall, and of course, with Oprah's broadcast show coming to a close, we couldn't be more excited that Oprah and her team will be turning their full attention to OWN. We also continue to make progress at The Hub, our joint venture with Hasbro. The Hub also completed its upfront presentations to advertisers recently and the feedback has been very positive, and the line up of new and returning shows are good.  Lastly, on the domestic front, we recently took several strategic steps to further build market position. In collaboration with our partner Sony and IMAX, in February, we launched the first-ever 24-hour 3D network on DIRECTV. It is still early days from a consumer perspective, but this channel fits with Discovery's business strategy of delivering groundbreaking content through new platforms and technologies.  Our other recent strategic initiative was the announcement of our upcoming re-brand of HD Theater into Velocity, an upscale male lifestyle network. Velocity is another step in maximizing the value of each of our cable platforms and will be a hub for viewers within this key demographic, as well as the many advertisers that target them.  Building new brands and capitalizing on our channel space is not unique to the domestic market. We have launched several new channels internationally, including our strategy to make TLC the most widely distributed female network in the world. And we're off to a good start. TLC is now in over 73 million homes, well on its way to our goal of over 100 million homes by the end of this year.  More importantly, audiences seem to be engaged by its content offering. We're still in the early stages, but the initial rating signs are very positive, including TLC ranking as the #1 network for women in Poland and the #1 international travel and lifestyle channel in Asia Pacific. Building a strong female network internationally is just part of our strategy. I just returned from Latin America where I visited Brazil, Chile and Argentina, and saw first-hand how well our focus on further expanding our reach and ramping up viewership through bigger brands and stronger content is paying off.  In Brazil for example, we have 11 channels, including Discovery Kids, which is the #1 Pay TV channel in all of Brazil. Not the #1 Pay TV channel for kids, but the #1 Pay TV channel in all of Brazil. And with Pay TV pitching only around 20% in Brazil, as that market expands, we will continue to grow. Overall internationally, our subscribers grew 15% versus the first quarter a year ago. And we leverage that growth into affiliate revenue gains of 8%. The strength of our international platforms allows us to capitalize on the continued penetration of global Pay TV, with growth this quarter led by Latin America and Central and Eastern Europe. Affiliate revenue growth is only a part of what stronger distribution brings us. Combining this larger addressable audience with a more robust programming offering has resulted in rapid audience growth. And this increased viewership is translating directly into ad growth, with advertising up 19% in Q1 after growing more than 20% in 2010. This is key for Discovery. Our continued investment in original programming and strengthening our brands over the last several years is clearly working, paying dividends, both domestically and internationally.  It is important to note that despite this investment, we continue to deliver margin expansion and free cash flow growth as we capture a bigger percentage of the ad dollars that come from increased ratings and reach. Margins expanded by more than 300 basis points versus a year ago to 45% in the first quarter, and we fully expect margin expansion for the full year despite the increased content expense, as our amortization catches up with our cash spent.  As we invest further in our organic growth, we also remain committed to thoughtfully allocating the capital we generate. We expect to deliver over $1 billion of free cash flow this year, and we continue to seek value-enhancing opportunities while also returning capital to shareholders. So Discovery is off to a great start in 2011. The growing strength of our brands and distribution platforms have enabled us to expand our market share globally, while the strong economic climate has provided us a great opportunity to reap the rewards. Moving forward, we remain focused on building stronger brands and better content that will provide long-term value, while at the same time, delivering real operating leverage and free cash flow growth. And with that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Bradley Singer: Thanks, David. Discovery began 2011 with robust operating results during the first quarter as the favorable advertising environment enabled us to enjoy global double-digit ad growth.  Total revenues increased 9% compared to the prior year, led by 14% international revenue growth and complemented by 8% domestic growth. Please note that our 2011 results do not include the Discovery Health network. Pro forma for the de-consolidation of $18 million of Health revenues, our total revenues grew 12%. Our total operating expenses in the quarter increased 4%. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, $20 million of lower content impairment charges, operating expenses increased 6% compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher content amortization and personnel costs. Our ability to continue to grow revenues in excess of our expenses enabled us to increase our adjusted OIBDA by 17% to $427 million compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency and lower impairment charges and the de-consolidation of the Discovery Health, adjusted OIBDA increased 14%. Net income increased 80% to $305 million, reflecting our improved operating performance, and the $102 million net of tax gains as a result of contributing Discovery Health into THE OPRAH WINFREY NETWORK. The gain was driven primarily from the low historic carrying value of our contributed assets. Our free cash flow increased significantly to $206 million in the first quarter due to the improvement in our operating performance and lower tax payments.  Turning to the operating units, our U.S. operations delivered another fine quarter. Domestic revenues grew 8%, with 9% ad revenue growth complemented by 6% affiliate fee growth. Excluding Discovery Health from the 2010 results, ad revenues grew 15%, and distribution revenues grew 7% compared to the prior year. The substantial ad growth was due to the strong performance of our domestic ad sales team and the continuation of favorable pricing and demand environments. The attractive current market conditions continue to exist in 2011. And we anticipate our second quarter domestic ad sales performance to approximate first quarter levels with positive or negative variability from our ratings performance.  Our domestic operating expenses were flat with the prior year. Excluding the lower content impairment charges, our domestic operating expenses increased 8% to reflect the higher level of program reinvestment of the past several years, and our SG&A expenses declined modestly due to the de-consolidation of Discovery Health. Our domestic adjusted OIBDA increased 14%. Excluding the impact of Discovery Health and the lower content impairment charges, adjusted OIBDA increased 10% from the prior year. Turning to our international operations. Revenues increased 14%, led by a 19% increase in advertising and complemented by an 8% increase in distribution, excluding the impact of favorable exchange rates compared to 2010.  International ad revenue growth was driven by significant growth in all of our regions, with each contributing at least 15% growth compared to the prior-year first quarter. Our international distribution revenue growth was led by the strength of our Eastern European and Latin American operations. Excluding the unfavorable currency impact to our expenses, our operating costs were up 6%, primarily driven by the timing of our marketing expenses, as well as higher content amortization and sales commissions. Excluding the foreign currency impact, our international operations increased adjusted OIBDA 20%, as our international team continued to grow revenues while thoughtfully investing in their operations. As we look forward to the remainder of 2011, we are encouraged that the improved pricing and ad trends we've experienced over the past several quarters have continued through April. For the full year 2011, we are refining our forecast and raising our revenue and adjusted OIBDA expectations by $25 million. We anticipate revenues of $4.025 billion to $4.125 billion, and adjusted OIBDA of $1.85 billion to $1.925 billion, primarily driven by our revenue growth. We expect overall adjusted OIBDA growth of mid-single digits for the second and third quarter due to domestic revenue increases being offset by the increased costs of domestic content amortization, as we have previously discussed, and the timing of certain SG&A expenses, with the resumption of double-digit adjusted OIBDA growth from the fourth quarter.  Our net income is expected to increase to $1 billion to $1.075 billion, reflective of the noncash gain from contributing Discovery Health to the OWN joint venture. During the first quarter, we invested $224 million in strategic initiatives, and thoughtfully returning capital to our shareholders. Included in that is the $57 million we invested in THE OPRAH WINFREY NETWORK during the first quarter. While we have made progress with OWN, we believe based on the current business expectations, we will fund in excess of our prior $50 million incremental estimate. The funding level will be reflective of our ratings progress of the next several quarters. In the first quarter, we purchased 4.73 million shares of Series C common stock at an average price of $35.20 for a total purchase of $167 million. As we consider our current strategic investment initiatives and the potential funding requirements, we will likely increase the rate of our repurchase activities in the future. Before I finish up, I want to invite all the New York investors and analysts to TLC's Royal Wedding Viewing Party in Times Square, starting at 5:00 a.m. on Friday. I hope everyone tunes in to the return of Deadliest Catch on Discovery and Whale Wars on Animal Planet, and our new series, New York INK, on TLC and BEHIND MANSION WALLS on ID. David, Peter and I will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is coming from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen from Bank of America.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess a couple of questions. On international, Europe's been cited as falling down in the current quarter. Are you seeing any of that? And on your subscribers internationally, there was a little bit of a disparity between the subscriber growth and affiliate revenue, so are your deals generally flat fees?
David Zaslav: Jessica, it's David. So let me take the first part on growth. We've seen real strength across the board internationally. So we actually grew over 15% in all of our market segments. So it was pretty broad-based and it's continuing thus far. As you know, internationally, we don't do an upfront in most markets so we don't get as much transparency in terms of long-term, but we aren't seeing any real softness. We're seeing strength pretty much across the board. In terms of our deals, we had 15% growth and 8% revenue growth. Part of that has to do with -- depending on the market, we don't speak about whether how our deals scale up, but in some markets where there's a lot of growth, we might have deals where the rates are lower and so that's what -- some of what you're seeing is that we're getting bigger growth in some of the emerging markets and some of those markets, the economics aren't as compelling.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then just one last question. Brad just mentioned that you'll probably invest more in OWN. Can you give us any range in what the timing might be?
Bradley Singer: Jessica, if you look at where we are today, we're about $215 million of refunded through the first quarter, and that includes the $57 million. Our investment will be dependent on the progress of the ratings over the next several quarters. We are committed to the success of the assets and are confident that this is in the long-term success. But what we will do is evaluate our fundings, ensure they are appropriately weighed in either the joint venture with the long-term profitability expectations in network, and ultimately enhance the shareholder value. And that's how we think about it. It's not a 1 or 2 quarters, it's over a decent period of time.
David Zaslav: And as we look at the network, the ratings have not been, out of the first few months here, they've been below our expectations. And so we've been digging in, we're focused on what does the audience want from OWN, we're fully committed to the brand. A lot of what we have coming is the strength that we think OWN is, which is Oprah herself. Her show will be winding down and we'll be getting Oprah and her team. We're going to get Rosie who I was with 2 weeks ago. So we have a lot of our stuff coming up, 21 more series. But it has been a slower start. As we said in the beginning, this is, it's a long-term play building a channel. We have a lot of advantages here. A lot of them haven't come to us to the channel yet, but it's going to take us a while and we're committed to it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bank from RBC Capital Markets.
David Bank - RBC Capital Markets: A couple of questions. You guys highlighted the strength of ID, and I was wondering if you could put the ID -- first off, can you tell us where, if you're going to be in 80 million homes by the end of this year, where you started the year? Second, could you put the ID affiliate fee, currently in the context of where some of the other flagship channels affiliate fees are? And maybe, I realize you can't give that much specifics, but some context around when we could start to see, potentially affiliates, the increases to pay for the, to be compensated for the success of ID?
David Zaslav: Well, ID for the past 2 years has been not just the fastest growing cable network in terms of ratings, but the distribution team, which Bill Goodwyn heads up, has done a great job of driving the distribution. In the beginning of the year, we were at 70 million. And last year, we grew faster than anyone and by the end of the year, we had commitments to be in over 80 million. It also was a pretty good economic model and that the cost of the content compared to some of our other bigger channels is less. And the hit rate, which Life running it, has been quite strong. And so we're seeing real momentum. We can't really speak to the economics of the distribution, but we are beginning to be able to really monetize the value of the advertising. And when you hit 70 million, it's a big deal for the advertising community in terms of distribution. And when we hit 80 million, we think it's going to be significant. But you look at that channel today, it's the number 27 channel in America, and it has a real disadvantage. There's 20%, 25% of the homes it's not reaching. And within the homes that have it, there's still, the majority of the people don't know it's on their system. So we think that there's a lot of upside and in the near term, it'll be mostly be advertising driven because our deals aren't enough for a while.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Michael Nathanson from Nomura.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: One for David, and one for Brad. David, just given the broad base of business you guys do in U.S. advertising, I wondered if you can talk a bit about second quarter scatter in terms of categories. Is there any weakness or strength that surprises you in the second quarter? Because, as you know, folks are kind of worried about either auto in Japan weakness or CPG and kind of [ph] inflations. So if you could give us your broad view on what's going on by categories in the second quarter?
David Zaslav: Okay, well, let me address it by going through the first quarter where we saw strength pretty much across the board. The autos actually, were quite strong, and that may be a reflection of, you saw Ford's earnings earlier this week or late last week, but the autos across the board have been strong financials. All the categories are consumer electronics, everybody is in. So we're seeing some real strength. As Brad said, it's continuing through April. And we're going into our upfront, we'll have to see how that goes but everything feels right now like at least at this moment, it feels like it's going to be, we're hitting upfront at a very good time for our company because our channels are growing, our viewership and market share is growing, but we'll have to see with how it plays out over the next 2 months.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: And in terms of the auto potential disruption, is there any -- how far ahead can you see that? Is there any signs of people worried about supply disruption therefore they're holding back on the auto side?
David Zaslav: So far, we've seen nothing. In fact, the autos have kind of been a leader. Having said that, we don't have anybody, no category for us is over 11% of our overall advertising revenues. We're pretty well scattered.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And then for Brad or for both of you guys, your international margins keep going higher and higher, it's pretty amazing. We wondered which regions do you still have that, you say are below average margins that you're targeting? And in which regions have the source of the bulk of this improvement over the past couple of years? So if you could give us a sense of by-market we see have margin opportunity?
Bradley Singer: The greatest margin opportunities is the markets that have the lowest level of ad sales. In the U.S., our ad sales actually exceed our affiliate sales. Internationally, our affiliate sales are the dominant form of revenue, right? It's usually 60%, 70% or even more percent depending on the region. And so in Latin America, in Asia, in Eastern Europe, we have lower levels of ad sales, and that's where you see the margin expansion opportunity are the greatest.
Michael Nathanson - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And for the sources of the growth recent years, it would be the markets where you grew advertising the fastest [indiscernible] so Latin America would be a big source of margin improvement?
Bradley Singer: As well as faster subscriber growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson from Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: . So a couple of clarification to the question, the 2Q ad sales comment where it's in line with 1Q depending on ratings variability, should we take that to mean that's excluding the tough comparisons against Life? Or do other programs need to make up for Life to get 2Q ad sales in line with 1Q?
Bradley Singer: I think it's meant to be -- we grew around 15% in the first quarter. And the second quarter, who is on a comparable trend, despite a tougher comp in terms of even, you're to going up against the 13% increase the prior year, we still think we'll have a nice mid-teens kind of growth rate. But we have to deliver the audience over that period of time.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Right. So it's really more audience the rest of the quarter?
Bradley Singer: Yes.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: And then international, you mentioned subs grew 15% but you saw your revenue grew 8%. I understand sort of the mix issue there as you grow lower-priced subs in emerging markets, but is that a number that over time you think levels out?
Bradley Singer: Well, Doug, there's a couple of things that went into that. Part of it's David's spot on it. The mix issues, where the subs are coming from, played a big role. We also, if you remember last year, we went in one market in particular, we went nonexclusive. So what we've made up a little bit, and a decent amount in advertising went to a free-to-air product in one of the markets. And so we swapped affiliate fees for advertising so to speak. That shaved off a couple of hundred basis points of the growth rate if you would have added that back. And that will play about over the course of this year.
David Zaslav: And just to build on that, that was realtime in Italy. And we took it to a -- made it a broadcast platform, a female channel, and it is now 1 of the top 10 channels in Italy. And we've had some real success in getting ratings and we've had some good success in monetizing it. But as Brad said, that was a channel that we were paid for. But we think in the long term, that could be a bigger channel for us with this configuration.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: . And then a question for David, just on the TLC launch, you're making it look relatively easy because you're getting to 70 million homes very quickly. And I'm talking for the 100 million, but I'm sure, it's not all easy. How much of this is taking channels that you already had and just flipping them to the TLC brand of programming versus trying to garner a new carriage? And to the extent that you're out there getting new carriage, what's the model behind that? Do you pay upfront for carriage? Or are these distributors pretty excited that you're coming along with TLC?
David Zaslav: One, we don't get into details on these deals, but we don't -- we're not paying for any upfront, for any carriage. It's a mix of both, Doug. We have a lot -- as you know, we have between 5 and 6 channels in 210 countries and so, we do have an advantage. We know just by taking channels that were underperforming, that we can flip those into TLC, and we've done that in a number of markets. But we also -- because we're on the ground with real relationships in a lot of these markets, for instance, in Poland, when we launched TLC, one of the reasons it's the #1 network for women in Poland is we were able to really drive the distribution of it. We went in and sold in the fact that we were going to go hard at a strong female network, and we were able to take a channel that had about 60% coverage in Poland and pick up the remaining 40%. So we have now a fully distributed channel. So in some cases, we're flipping. In some cases, we're enhancing the distribution we have with the channels, and in some cases, we're launching a new channel. But we're actually a little bit ahead of schedule with 72 million, so we should, by the end of the year, TLC should be the #1 most distributed women's brand in the world. And that sounds great, but we got some work to do to make it a strong channel that women affiliate with around the world. I would just add that it's a little bit of a different model than Discovery and Science and Animal Planet. And we went into it, understanding that we're probably going to need, that we will need more local. And the positive for us, and it's early, but the positive so far, is that more of the U.S. content is working than we thought. Because we kind of looked at TLC and saw it as a more of an American culture channel, it wouldn't travel as well. So more is working than we thought, not knowing near as much as we use of Animal Planet, Science and Discovery. But also, local content, the production, the cost of it, has been really manageable or lower than we expected. And so far, the channel's doing quite well. So it's early days, but it's very encouraging.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Spencer Wang from Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Crédit Suisse AG: Two questions. The first is heading to the upfront, it seems like the NFL situation could add some complexity onto this year's negotiations as advertisers think about contingency plans. So I was wondering if maybe David or Peter could just talk about the opportunity for Discovery should advertisers be looking at contingency plans? And then the second question is on authentication, and if David, maybe you could share your thoughts on authentication. Most of your deals seem to be on a trial basis, so are you waiting for affiliate renewals to ink longer-term deals?
Bradley Singer: Spencer, it's Brad. With regard to the NFL, I think we'll have to see how that plays out. I think whatever does happen, it's not a long-term impact, unless the NFL ultimately goes away, which I don't think anyone would ever think that would ever happen. So I think that is more wait-and-see. NFL will play itself out over I'd say, over the next several months, and we'll see what happens.
Peter Liguori: Spencer, no one's selling against it, so to speak. Everybody's aware of it, but no 1 is presenting themselves as an alternative to the NFL. I mean, we're confident in our audience and what we deliver and that's where we're sticking with.
David Zaslav: On the authentication piece, it's a very interesting moment to be in the content business. We own all of our content. And historically, we've built strong relationships with the traditional distributors, and the content was consumed on the set. What TV Everywhere and some of these new platforms are presenting is an opportunity, as people consume content on different platforms, for us to have additional discussions about making our content available, whether -- right now, we're available on the TV, on the authenticated tests with Comcast and Time Warner. But as TV Everywhere becomes broader and as some of these other platforms become more meaningful, those are all opportunities for us as a content owner to talk about getting more value for our content. So it's a good moment. A lot of these business models have to really shake out. But it presents, I think, some upside opportunity for all of us in the content business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Janedis from UBS.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: Can you guys speak to a couple of things. First is on programming at OWN, should we expect a ballpark of 600 hours or so in terms of content programming for the year? And did that change maybe from a quarter or 2 ago?
Peter Liguori: No. There hasn't been any changes, Peter, hasn't been any change. We do have a long-term plan. And roughly, I would look toward about 400 hours of original programming between the beginning and the end of the year in prime.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: And, David, can you talk on audience broadly? It just feels like this season is one of the weaker ones we've seen from a combined broadcast and cable perspective. And when you look at the ecosystem more broadly, do you view the decline as a content or timing or programming issue? Or do you think maybe the consumer habits are at the crust of longer-term change?
David Zaslav: Well, look, there's been a rotation, I think, off of broadcast to cable for a long time. And then cable, the overall viewership of cable over the last year has kind of flattened. And clearly, I think behaviorally, people are spending more time on with cable brands that they trust. And cable, the difference between cable and broadcast to viewers has narrowed. And in fact, a lot of the great original content now, a lot of the great talent, a lot of the great producers and writers have moved to cable over the last couple of years. And so, there is a -- that presents really a good opportunity for us because there's still a significant differential between the CPM on broadcast and cable, to a 30%, 35%, 38%. And when you can deliver big audiences -- there was some Friday nights when we had Gold Rush and Flying Wild Alaska, we're not only with Discovery, the #1 network for men, but it was the #1 network period that night. And so if we can deliver really good audiences with good stories on TLC on all of our channels in a good advertising environment, the ability for Joe Abruzzese and the sales team to go out there and talk about the fact that you can buy us, you could buy a tighter audience, and it's a big audience, and you can give us a very good price, but you can pay less than broadcast is an advantage. So trend-wise, I think at least at this point, it seems pretty flat on the cable side, but we've been able to -- we grew 7% last year. This year's 6% so far. I think it's because we're focused on making our channels stronger.
John Janedis - UBS Investment Bank: And maybe one last quick one. Can you just talk about the HD Theater re-branding of Velocity? What are the viewing conception habits of that target audience relative to the less affluent demo? And how large is the target audience?
Peter Liguori: Well, the difference in the 2 is we're going to be focusing more on upper-income men's lifestyle. And that will lead us more toward higher-end cars, car auctions, certain travel, certain lifestyle aspects. How big is the audience? We haven't painted a specific number because obviously, it's not just those people who are in that income range, but those people who aspire to be in that income range. So we do think it's a, got strong potential for us. Scammers [ph] is doing a good job of creating programming and really targeting in, not only on that demographic, but that psychographic as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield from BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC: A couple of questions. One, just following up on David's question at the beginning, related to ID. I think you've said publicly that 75% of your cash flow kind of comes from your 2 major TLC, Discovery networks in the U.S. Can you, in some way, frame for us the contribution for an ID? Just to get a sense of as this starts to actually really gel, I mean, I know you would not like comment on affiliate fees, but what is the kind of relative profitability of an ID relative to your major developed networks in terms of a multiplier? And then two, I think you've got about $3.2 billion of net debt at the end of the quarter. You're talking about nearly $2 billion of EBITDA for the year. Obviously, that leverage is well south of 2x, and it seems like you've talked to a leverage target longer-term of 3-plus. And so, how do you just bridge that for us? How long do you stay so far below your target leverage? And any color would be helpful.
Bradley Singer: Sure, Rich. It's Brad. I'll take both questions, and let me take the second one first. With regard to how we're looking at our capital deployments, in my remarks, I highlighted that we will likely be accelerating our stark pay to share repurchase when we take into consideration what we see right now in the strategic environment. And so we had always taken that into account. And based on where we are today, you will see us deploy more capital at a higher level as we move through the year than we have in the past. So that will move us up in terms of deploying the cash we generated potentially, also depending on where or how much we spend, what we do with increasing our current position of leverage. With regard to ID and profitability and just to frame it, we still have the -- significant majority of our cash flow does come from the 3 fully distributed networks. ID is right now, a fraction of those networks. It's a young network, it's had its success for a year. We've done a very good job, our ad sales team is building the revenues from the tenths of millions to over $100 million this year. And our leader, and Henry Schleiff, has done a great job with his team delivering that audience. Over time, as it keeps growing, that should become over $100 million as those should keep progressing up to reflect the audience that it's delivering.
Peter Liguori: It takes a while for the catch up of -- you can't just take a CPM and double it. So the ratings have been growing. It's a process and it takes some time, domestically and around the world, not just with ID, but as we launch our channels. It takes some time to build up. So the audience is growing and our CPM is growing but -- and our team's doing, I think, a great job. But the full potential of our CPM, we think is significantly higher than where it is right now. But it's going to take a while for the market to catch up with it.
Bradley Singer: And as you look at our ad sales, the 15% growth rate, several hundred basis points of that growth is attributed to ID. And so you're seeing it play itself out right now in the ad sales line. And that will keep moved up. That we expect as we move forward this year and in future years, that will continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, David. Can you talk a little bit about the rate volume mix in the 15% ad growth, or Brad, in Q1? And I'm also curious how much you think you're benefiting from the broadcast? And we heard from some of the broadcast companies that they've had some cancellations of auto, upfront buys, but they've been able to resell that at higher rates. I'm wondering if you're seeing a sort of a general acceleration in the slowdown to Discovery from broadcast because of ratings issues or any other things you'd want to highlight?
David Zaslav: Ben, with regard to the mix, in the domestic, about 3/4 of the increase was pricing, 1/4 of it's volume in terms of the sellout. And that's how the quarter played itself out. With regard to what the broadcast, what the inventory position is and how that flows to us, it's a pretty firm scatter market so we've indicated there is some element of inventories being tight. So that's what I would say beyond just like any specific network or any work that broadcasters in general.
Peter Liguori: All of us have benefited over the last year-plus when the broadcasters end up having big make-good issues because their audience share is going down. It benefits all of us because it tightens up the market, and as I said earlier, that spread, that 35%, 40% spread gives mix -- the dollars can't go to broadcast and it gives us, Joe and the team, a chance to pick a lot of that up. And it's true I think for all of cable to get the benefit of that.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And just one follow up, David. I don't know if you're willing to comment on the U.K., either Q1 or just in general, if the market -- where the economy is sort of retrenched. The austerity measures have had an impact. I know that how you are sold in the U.K. is unique, but I just want any comment on how that market's performing for you.
David Zaslav: Well, the U.K., there's 2 pieces to it. One is that the U.K. really dipped. And so we have a little bit of a CAGR that makes us feel really good because we're coming off a tougher base. Having said that -- and then you have the issue there that the way advertising is sold in almost every market in that year. And the way that it's sold in the U.K., there's a hesitation. You lose, you're actually selling, you get your ratings value in the next year. But the market has been, in addition to the CAGR issue, has been pretty strong for us. And some of it has to do with the fact that we now have 14 channels there. We got broadcast channel in Quest. Our overall viewership numbers in the U.K. are up. But the market itself is pretty decent. And so it's those 2 factors. The fact that it's comparing with the low-end number and the fact that we've actually done pretty well. And the market, it feels pretty good. It's a market that we weren't expecting a lot from, and it feels pretty good for us this quarter and it performed well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Barclays Capital.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Speaking of the U.K., thanks for the invite to the royal wedding party. I'm just wondering if you guys could send out specific details on that as soon as possible.
Bradley Singer: It's at 47th and Broadway. Door is open, I think, at 5 a.m.
Peter Liguori: That's a.m., not p.m.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: Brad, Reuters had reported a couple of weeks ago that Discovery was looking at ProSieben's Nordic TV assets. And so if you could just remind us, I don't know if you'd be willing to comment, just remind us of your M&A strategy, your M&A philosophy, and where you're spending the most time in terms of M&A.
David Zaslav: You could take a look at our balance sheet and see that we, as Brad said, we're going to be buying back more stock. We would like to invest some of that money to strategically grow, primarily, I guess our focus, our first choice would be outside the U.S. We have, we think, the best international platform business in the world. We have -- we're in 210 markets with 6 channels. The good news is that we're growing now by investing in those channels and making them better and launching HD around the world where we lead. But we also look opportunistically for assets. And we don't talk about specific deals, but those ProSieben assets were good dual-revenue stream assets, the majority of them, in a very stable market, Norway, Denmark and Sweden, not a huge growth market, but very stable. And so if we had our way, buying assets outside the U.S. would be the first place we would go, but because we also have good synergy. But we don't want to overpay. And we're only going to buy assets if we think we can grow faster with them. Because we do feel like we have the alternative of investing in ourselves.
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital: And then one follow up, David. I don't think you've mentioned Planet Green and FitTV. I know they're smaller networks, but along the sort of a theme of the HD Theater re-branding of Velocity, have you thought about -- are those candidates for re-branding? Or are those clicking along? Maybe just give us an update.
David Zaslav: Well, FitTV is really Health, is now Health. And that's a pretty nice place for us because we had that library. We have all that content. And so putting it on there, there is an advertiser interest in it, and it was really the advertisers that pushed us to keep that going. And so it does well for us. Every 1 of our 13 channels here in the U.S. is profitable. The 1 that we think we could do better with is Planet Green. It's a good platform. The Planet Green concept itself hasn't worked out very well. We think that it's underperforming. And so we're looking at, over the next 9 months, what is the right next step for that platform? What could we do? We're talking to cable operators, we're talking to advertisers, and we'll probably come up with a shift on that, and when we figure out a really good idea.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alan Gould from Evercore Partners.
Alan Gould - Evercore Partners Inc.: My question's been asked.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet from Citi.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc: Just a quick question for Mr. Singer. On the 2011 outlook, where you raised revenue and EBITDA by $25 million and net income by a bit more, but it includes the $100-and-some-odd million gain you booked in the quarter, what were the other drivers that caused the net income guidance not to move up as much given that includes the gain?
Bradley Singer: Jason, when we looked at our internal forecast, they actually did move up the same amount as the gain and maybe slightly more. What we did is we moved up the net income only $75 million, just to be cautious in terms of the noncash stock that moves around when share prices, with other share prices around, and as that goes away over time, it's much of an impact this year than it was last year, and it'll be much less next year. But that's how we just put a little cushion in for that.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of David Joyce from Miller Tabak + Company.
David Joyce - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC: I was just wondering if you could update us on your philosophy on making your content available on the incremental screens, given the new proliferation of more apps that are enabling that? If you could just update us there, please.
David Zaslav: Sure. And I think this goes to the more global point I was trying to make that, now that there's, you have Netflix, you have the iPad, you got all kinds of tablets, you got consumers now looking to consume content on those platforms. In the next couple of months, there'll be more platforms. Even though the scale of that viewership isn't that significant at this point, it is an opportunity for us and we view it that way. I think we're unusual in that we own all of our content. We have a great library. We have brands that people really feel an affinity for and passionate about. And so we view all those as opportunities for us to work with those companies and with the cable and DDS distributors, whoever wants to figure out how to make content more available, more portable, on different platforms, every one of those conversations is a good conversation for us.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, everyone, for joining us. We appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes Discovery Communications' conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: David Zaslav – President, Chief Executive Officer  Brad Singer – Chief Financial Officer  Peter Liguori – Chief Operating Officer Craig Felenstein – Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank John Janedis – UBS Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley Richard Greenfield – BTIG Michael Nathanson – Nomura David Bank – RBC Capital Markets David Joyce – Miller Tabak & Company Jason Bazinet – Citigroup  Tuna Amobi – Standard & Poor’s Equity Group Anthony Diclemente – Barclays Capital Michael Morris – Davenport & Company David Miller – Caris & Company 
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2010 Discovery Communications Incorporated Earnings conference call. My name is Shequana and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. If at any time during the call you require assistance, please press star, zero and a coordinator will be happy to assist you. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Mr. Craig Felenstein, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, Shequana. Good morning everyone and welcome to Discovery Communications Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings call. Joining me today is David Zaslav, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Peter Liguori, our Chief Operating Officer, and Brad Singer, our Chief Financial Officer. Hopefully you have all received our earnings release, but if not, feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com.  On today’s call, we will begin with some comments from David and Brad, after which we will open the call up for your questions. As is customary, before we start I would like to remind you that the comments today regarding the Company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we make pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events and may involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. In providing projections and other forward-looking statements, the Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that could affect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to David.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Craig. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for our year-end earnings call. It’s a great opportunity to review Discovery Communications strong financial results from this past year, reflect on the strategic steps we took throughout 2010 that position us for sustained growth in the year ahead, and discuss some of our top priorities for 2011. A year ago, we demonstrated how Discovery’s unique business model enabled us to outperform and deliver sustained growth despite the difficult environment. In 2010, that growth accelerated significantly, a clear indication of our ability to capitalize on a more robust marketplace by leveraging our high quality content across our global distribution platform. Brad will take you through our fourth quarter results in a few moments, a strong finish to a year in which Discovery once again generated consistent and diverse growth with both domestic and international platforms delivering advertising and subscription increases. The end result for 2010 was 9% top line revenue growth, and we continued to demonstrate real operating leverage, controlling costs and delivering margin expansion from double-digit OIBDA growth.  The financial success of this past year is just part of our story. We generated strong returns while simultaneously positioning the Company for future growth as we continue to strategically invest in our content and brands around the globe. The result was significant progress in further developing our next generation of growth assets, both from the ratings and advertising gains at several of our emerging networks as well as from launching our joint ventures. Let me highlight a few of these investments from 2010 and what we plan to do for each initiative in 2011. Throughout this past year, you have heard us talk about the rapid audience gains at ID – Investigation Discovery. That growth has continued to accelerate. ID was the fastest growing network in all of cable this past year in both distribution and viewership, something I haven’t seen in my 25 years in the cable business. ID’s prime time viewership was up 64% among adults 25 – 54, and in the fourth quarter it was the number 29 ad-supported cable network for women. Just last month, it hit another major milestone with four shows delivering over a 1 rating, including On the Case with Paula Zahn, and Stolen Voices Buried Secrets. ID is clearly resonating with viewers and is delivering real value to our affiliate and advertising partners.  ID now has distribution in over 70 million homes with firm commitments to get to 80 million homes this year. With 80 million subs locked in and sustained ratings momentum, ID is poised to deliver even stronger ad growth in 2011 and we plan to further invest in this channel to exploit its full potential. We are convinced ID can be a Top 20 network. ID was not the only network which significantly grew its audience this past year. Our investment in Animal Planet resulted in viewership gains of 7% this past year among adults 25 – 54. Animal Planet has steadily become a much broader and diverse brand. Its two highest-rated series, Whale Wars and River Monsters, both delivered double-digit prime time viewership growth this past season, and it added several new hits including Fatal Attractions, Animal Hoarders, and Pitbulls and Parolees. It is delivering real advertising growth, and with more returning series than ever before and a great upcoming slate that includes Taking On Tyson, premiering next month, Animal Planet should continue to expand its audience and advertising in the upcoming year. In addition, in 2011 we will continue to focus on building our other emerging networks, like the Science Channel which found its footing and voice last year and as a result grew its viewership by 22% and grew its distribution to 68 million homes; plus, we have expanded into over 80 countries. Science content works well all around the world, and we’re pushing it. Last week we rebranded Fit TV, Discovery Fit and Health. The channel is already profitable but with the addition of the advertiser-friendly Health Library, Discovery Fit and Health should be able to deliver enhanced economic value in the year ahead. While the progress at our emerging networks is essential to the long-term growth potential of our Company, it remains an absolute priority to maintain and grow the strength of our flagship networks, Discovery Channel and TLC. This past year was one of management transition for the Discovery Channel and it still delivered viewership growth for the year in prime time. We developed a very strong foundation for the channel moving forward with existing hits Myth Busters, Man vs. Wild, Dirty Jobs, and Deadliest Catch, Storm Chasers, Shark Week and Swamp Loggers delivered their best seasons ever. But even more importantly, we premiered several new series in the fourth quarter which are really working and attracting big, big audiences, including Auction Kings and Gold Rush.  Gold Rush is the highest rated new series on Discovery since Deadliest Catch. Great characters, great storytelling. And just last month we leveraged the success of Gold Rush with the premier of another strong story-driven series, Flying Wild Alaska, whose debut pulled in the highest ratings for a new series in Discovery Channel’s history. As a result of the strong ratings for these two new hit shows, Discovery was the number one ranked network in cable for men on Friday nights in all of January. Our recent programming success is already paying dividends. Prime time viewership was up 11% in January, and with a stable of returning hits and a robust slate that includes 25 new series, we’re excited about the direction of the Discovery Channel. TLC also grew its viewers this past year despite difficult comparisons to a year ago due to the huge ratings delivered by John and Kate Plus 8. TLC is now firmly a Top 10 network in all female demographics and had 31 series this past year average over 1 million viewers. The network is sure-footed and clearly firing on all cylinders. One of the keys has been their ability to take established hits such as Say Yes to the Dress, Cake Boss, and Police Women and turn them into multi-program franchises with additional iterations in new categories and cities. When you take these franchises and add in returning favorites such as What Not to Wear, special events such as Sarah Palin’s Alaska, and new successes like Sister Wives and D.C. Cupcakes, TLC has a deep and diverse programming line-up to reach the coveted female demographic. Much like Discovery with a stable of established hits and a very promising slate ahead, TLC is poised to build on its ratings strength and deliver increased ad revenue in 2011. The audience growth this past year at our flagship networks combined with the rapid expansion of our emerging networks resulted in prime time delivery growth across our domestic networks of 7% among our core adult 25 – 54 demo. With the rest of cable as well as broadcast down slightly, our increased share helped us grow domestic advertising by 13% this year. The increase is on top of the unmatched 2% advertising growth we generated in a difficult climate a year ago.  As we look at 2011, we have a great advertising base from the strong up-front pricing we generated, and the scatter market remains very strong with pricing well above the up-front and ahead of the fourth quarter. It is too early to predict how scatter will trend later this year or what the next up-front will bring, but if we can continue to take share in what is currently a robust market, we are poised for strong ad growth in the year ahead. Another significant area of investment this past year was to further strengthen our portfolio of U.S. cable channels with the launch of The Hub and OWN, the Oprah Winfrey Network. The Hub launched in October and after a solid debut has continued to generate audience growth for Discovery Kids. The Hub has had success reaching both younger demos as well as adults in prime time that are co-viewing, and we will continue to work with Hasbro, a great partner, to grow this asset so we can take a larger share of the lucrative kids marketplace.  OWN had a very successful launch in January with over 18 million viewers tuning in the first week, and the goal of heightening viewer awareness was certainly achieved. We have strong long-term advertiser support and we were able to close a number of favorable long-term carriage deals with distributors. OWN ended its first month with viewership up over 35% compared to Discovery Health, and we’ve just begun to put our original programming on the air. We have 24 new shows slated for OWN this year and we will continue to develop the schedule to deliver on the channel’s brand and promise. We plan to increase our funding to continue on the path to profitability, but with a strong line-up over the next few months that includes The Judds and The O’Neills before Rosie and Oprah herself debut their shows, we’re confident that we can generate sustained momentum in ratings and reach OIBDA break-even in 2011. The Hub and OWN are excellent examples of how we are looking to maximize the potential of our unique distribution platform by enhancing our brands and programming. And on Sunday, we launched 3net on Direct TV, the first 24-hour 3D network in the United States with our partner Sony and IMAX. This remains an imperative for us and nowhere is that more true that across our international distribution. Discovery was an early entrant 20 years ago into the international pay TV market, and as a result we now have between two and nine channels in 180 countries, an unmatched infrastructure with which to deliver content. Many of these markets are expanding rapidly and we are positioned perfectly to capture a significant piece of the growing ad and affiliate opportunities these markets present. Our team will capitalize on our position by delivering a deeper and broader audience proposition, be it from further leveraging our U.S. content or from driving audiences with high-quality local or acquired content. Along those lines, you have heard us talk about our strategy to make TLC the next global brand. We’re in the process of rolling TLC out to 100 million homes by the end of this year, when TLC will be the most distributed women’s cable network in the world. Today we are in over 50 million homes, having recently launched in Poland, Russia, Romania, Norway, and Sweden. It’s still early but we have seen significant audience gains in most markets, and in Poland TLC is now the number one cable network for women. If we can build a strong female complement to Discovery around the world, much like in the U.S., it will be a great value proposition for advertisers and affiliates. Another international priority in the upcoming year will be to continue to drive our HD leadership around the globe. We are the leader in HD channels worldwide with networks in over 80 markets providing us with a distinct advantage as technology and viewer demand evolves. Our investment in broadening our portfolio over the past few years helped drive audience gains 11% across our international portfolio in 2010. The stronger content combined with an expanding subscriber base fueled advertising revenue growth of 23% this year. In 2011 as our international market share continues to expand through increased viewership and reach, the Company remains well positioned to deliver further ad growth as we capture even larger share of a growing pool of ad dollars in the marketplace. We are also well positioned in the year ahead to take advantage of our strong balance sheet which was further fortified this year through timely refinancing as well as the free cash flow we generated. Our first priority will always be to reinvest in our brands and businesses, but we will not do so without delivering continued operating leverage. Our margins expanded by more than 200 basis points to 45% in 2010 despite investments in content, and we expect those margins to further improve in 2011 as we continue to judiciously invest in what we put on the screen while controlling our overhead costs and keeping SG&A relatively flat next year.  Our second balance sheet priority is to look for targeted M&A prospects that will allow us to further leverage our existing infrastructure or expand into complementary businesses. We have been very prudent thus far in our M&A activity and you should expect that to continue to be the case as we look at opportunities around the world.  Our third priority with our balance sheet is to further return capital to shareholders. With free cash flow expected to ramp significantly in 2011, we will look to continue to buy back shares under our billion dollar buyback program.  2010 marked the 25th anniversary of Discovery Communications and we’re very proud of how far we have come since John Hendricks, our Chairman, launched the Company from his Maryland garage in 1985. While much has been accomplished since then, what gets us most excited is the momentum we are generating across our businesses. As we look to 2011, we’ll continue to focus on creating high-quality content and expanding our market share globally so we can deliver continued strong operating performance, sustained growth, and further enhance shareholder value. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Brad.
Brad Singer: Thanks, David. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our fourth quarter performance and current operating environment with you.  Discovery continued to produce strong operating results during the fourth quarter with a favorable advertising environment enabling us to enjoy global double-digit ad growth. Total revenues increased 9% compared to the prior year led by 9% domestic revenue growth and complemented by 8% international growth, excluding 14 million of unfavorable foreign exchange and one-time prior year items. Our total operating expenses in the quarter increased 1%, excluding the favorable currency impact with cost of revenues benefiting from lower content impairment charges than the prior year, and SG&A costs relatively flat. The combination of solid revenue growth and low expense growth enabled us to grow our adjusted OIBDA 16% to 461 million compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, lower impairment charges, and one-time items, adjusted OIBDA increased 12%. Net income increased 32% to 205 million, reflecting our improved operating performance and lower interest expense, impairment charges, and mark to market share-based compensation partially offset by higher losses related to our joint ventures. Our free cash flow declined to 203 million in the fourth quarter as our strong operating performance was more than offset by the timing of working capital and tax payments that will be reversed in the first quarter of 2011. Looking back on our full-year 2010 performance, our ability to continue to consistently grow revenues, adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow demonstrates the strength and diversity of our operations and our ability to execute in a competitive global environment. Our team produced 9% revenue and 14% adjusted OIBDA while continuing to invest in our networks and operations worldwide. Turning to the operating units, our U.S. operations continued to perform well during the fourth quarter. Domestic revenue grew 9% with 13% ad revenue growth complemented by 7% domestic affiliate fee growth. The robust ad growth was due to the strong performance of our domestic ad sales team and a favorable pricing and demand environment. Our fourth quarter ad growth was reduced a couple percent due to our ratings performance. We were encouraged by the prime time scatter price tightening throughout the fourth quarter with premiums to a solid broadcast up-front in the mid-20% range across our networks. For the year, our U.S. ad sales team delivered a 13% sales increase, and this was on top of an industry-leading performance we delivered in 2009.  The strong current market conditions continue to exist in 2011, and combined with our solid ratings performance we anticipate our first quarter domestic ad sales to exceed our fourth quarter levels, excluding the impact of the deconsolidation of Discovery Health.  Our domestic operating expenses were flat with the prior year in the fourth quarter as our lower SG&A expenses were offset by higher cost of revenues due to our investments in programming. For the year, our domestic teams’ consistent revenue growth was complemented by a well-controlled cost structure, enabling us to increase our adjusted OIBDA 11% and expand our operating margins to 58%.  Turning to our international operations, revenues increased 8% excluding 2% due to unfavorable exchange rates and a $6 million charge from a non-recurring (inaudible) in 2009. Adjusting for these items, ad revenues grew 12% and affiliate revenues grew 9%, offset by lower program sales and other revenue.  International affiliate revenue was driven by strong growth in Latin America and eastern Europe. Our 12% adjusted international advertising revenue was led by strength of Asian and Latin American operations and achieved despite tough comparisons in the prior year when advertising revenues grew nearly 20%, excluding favorable one-time items and currency impact. Excluding the favorable currency impact to our expenses, our operating costs were up nearly 8% primarily driven by the timing our of marketing expenses related to the international launches of TLC and Real Time in Italy, as well as higher sales commissions. Excluding the foreign currency impact and one-time items, our international operations increased adjusted OIBDA 9%. The fourth quarter capped a terrific performance throughout 2010 for our international team with 11% revenue growth and 22% adjusted OIBDA growth. The performance improved operating margins over 500 basis points to 44%.  As we look forward to 2011, we are encouraged that the improved pricing and ad trends we experienced in the fourth quarter have continued through January. For 2011, we are forecasting revenue in the range of 4 billion to 4.1 billion. We anticipated adjusted OIBDA of 1.825 billion to 1.9 billion primarily driven by our revenue growth. Operating expenses are expected to increase mid-single digits in 2011 primarily from higher content amortization I mentioned on our last call as well as from 20 million increase in non-cash compensation expense as we transition to a more traditional public company structure. Total non-cash compensation expense deducted from adjusted OIBDA is anticipated to be approximately 55 to 60 million in 2011. Our net income is expected to grow to 925 million to 1 billion due to our anticipated strong operating performance, no substantial refinancing charges compared to 136 million in 2010, and lower long-term incentive compensation related to our legacy plan of approximately 65 million compared to 142 million in 2010. Please note that our guidance reflects that we will no longer be consolidating Discovery Health due to the launch of the Oprah Winfrey Network. In 2010, Health had approximately 80 million in revenue and 30 million in adjusted OIBDA.  We anticipate generating free cash flow in 2011 between 975 million and 1.075 billion. We expect to significantly improve our cash from operations due to the growth in our revenue, no significant refinancing payments, and lower cash taxes due to the renewal of Section 181 tax deductions for domestic content production that passed in late 2010. As a result, we anticipate our 2011 tax payments will be 275 to 350 million. We also incorporate in our free cash flow guidance the adverse impact to our working capital of long-term incentive compensation payments accrued in 2010, which will total approximately 140 million. With our significantly strengthened financial position and strong operating performance, we invested over 750 million during the fourth quarter in strategic initiatives and thoughtfully returning capital to our shareholders. We purchased BBC Worldwide’s 50% interest in the global joint venture of Animal Planet and Live for 152 million. We also incrementally invested 46 million in the Oprah Winfrey Network during the fourth quarter. While we are encouraged by the launch of OWN, we believe based on the current business plan we will likely invest approximately 50 million of incremental funding in excess of our $189 million commitment. The incremental funding is primarily due to increased programming investment as we continue to build long-term value in the network.  In the fourth quarter, we also returned 567 million to our shareholders, repurchasing 67 million under our billion-dollar repurchase plan and 500 million of Series C convertible preferred stock. Since initiation, we have repurchased 194 million of our shares repurchase plan, including 89 million subsequent to year-end, and have repurchased a total of 19.3 million shares since August, reducing our outstanding share count by 4.5%. Before I finish up, I hope everyone tunes into Discovery for our new series, Flying Wild Alaska and Sons of Guns, as well as Taking On Tyson on Animal Planet and Stolen Voices Buried Secrets on ID, and the return of 19 Kids and Counting and Cake Boss on TLC.  David, Peter and I will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to pose a question please press star followed by one on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered or you wish to withdraw your question, please press star followed by two. Please press star, one to begin. And your first question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank: Thanks very much. Question for David – David, a gentlemen mentioned to me a long time ago the greatest value creation opportunity at Discovery was creating and developing new brands, and it’s fair to say you’ve been about as aggressive as anybody in launching new brands. So the first part of the question how much latent shelf space do you have left? Does that leave a lot of opportunity to create and develop more new brands for Discovery, or should we think of your plate being full at this point with OWN, Hub, ID and TLC? And the second part of the question is on developing those new channels, OWN specifically, given the comments on investing more capital. What should investors look for out of OWN? At what point do you look at the amount of capital going into that channel and wonder if you’re going to get back the value that you’re putting in? Thanks.
David Zaslav: Thanks, Doug. Let me hit the first point. When I got here four years ago, there was no question this was, I believe, the best platform media company in the world. We have 13 channels here in the U.S. and an average of five in 180 countries. And so we’re on this march to build our brands, build our market share, and become a great content company, and we’ve really made a lot of progress with Discovery, TLC, now ID, Science, Hub and OWN. So the ones that we’re still looking at are, one, we have Fit but we’ve think we may have come up with a nice formula there. We have a substantial health library that the advertisers like that gets a nice rating – a significantly better rating than we were getting on Fit, and so we’re putting the health library, which is already paid for, on Fit and rebranding that Fit and Health. So we’re going to see how that goes. That’s a nice platform. If we can think of something else that would create more value—but in the meantime, we think that will be a big helper for us. And then we have Planet Green and Military. Military is one that we have thought for a long time maybe we should do something else with it. It has good sub fees, broad distribution. We gave it to Henry Schleiff about six months ago, and it’s continuing to grow pretty significantly. In January we saw a big uptick. So we’re going to see what Henry does with it, but we have some confidence that maybe Military can make it. Planet Green we’re probably going to do something else with. It has a fully distributed HD platform. It’s in almost 60 million homes. It has a broad program description, and we think that we could probably do something else with that that would be more meaningful. On the international side quickly, in most cases we only have two channels that are strong, except for Latin America where we have four channels that are in the Top 20. And so in most markets we have two or three channels that we think we can improve. Rolling TLC out around the world is a big swing to do that, and we’re finding some success; but the great thing about this Company is we do have a number of underperforming platforms that we’re going to be able to work on for the next several years.  On the OWN front, we’re very encouraged. First, we have strong advertiser support and long-term advertiser support on favorable terms. We have, I think, probably the best brand in media and a very engaged Oprah, who is a great creative and a great team builder with us; and we were also able to get a number of long-term cable deals, distributor deals done before we launched that both add some subs and give us some long-term stability in terms of economics.  So now we’re on this journey of building the network and finding the voice. Most of our original content hasn’t launched yet. We’ll be launching it over the next year and feathering it in, and then of course we have Rose and Oprah. And so with advertiser and distribution support, we believe this could be a very, very compelling asset and so you’ll see us—we’re going to invest another 50. We think we’ll be OIBDA break-even this year, but we look at it as a big growth engine over the next couple of years if we could find a strong voice and a strong audience, which we believe we can. This will be a very big business with good fees and good advertiser support.
Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank: Sounds like you’ll continue to be busy. Thank you.
Craig Felenstein: Thanks, Doug. Next question, Operator?
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Janedis representing UBS. Please proceed.
John Janedis – UBS: Hi, thank you. One quick question, guys – I’d assume we’re going to see more devices from some of the distributors this year, and I’m wondering from a rights perspective, can you share your views on streaming versus downloading and have you negotiated download rights with some of your partners at this point? Thanks.
David Zaslav: I’ll just hit it broadly. I don’t want to get into too much detail, but with all of the deals that we have in the U.S. and around the world with our distributors, they all have the same basic element to it, which is the distributor has the right to take our content, the full channel through to the TV set, period. And we own virtually all of our content. So to the extent that these other opportunities present themselves to move content around the home and move onto new platforms, we’re encouraged by that and we’ll be evaluating those to see which makes sense for us, how we do it, and what value we get for it. But we feel pretty good about the fact that we own our content and that the consumers seem to want to move content around to other platforms; and if the distributors want to do that with our content, they’re going to have to talk to us and we’ll work to figure out a value that works.
John Janedis – UBS: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen representing Bank of America. Please proceed.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I have two separate questions. One maybe following up on that theme of authentication – as you negotiate your affiliate agreements, which I guess largely come up in 2012, do you expect incremental payments for using the product on different devices? And how do you view it, David, overall – TV Everywhere or authentication. Is this a product for inside the home or outside the home?
David Zaslav: You know, it’s so hard to tell. It’s really going to be based on both behaviorally how consumers want to consume content and the speed of the distributors and technology companies in being able to meet that demand. For us, we like TV Everywhere although it’s really only—so far with all the talk, it’s very small on a scale basis and only still in test phase. But we like it because through authentication, we get a chance to have all of our spots measured and to be compensated; and we also get the chance to create a discussion around value for us. If moving our content around the home through TV Everywhere or moving our content through other platforms creates value for a distributor, then we think we should share in that value. And so we’re going to see where it goes. It’s not our truck to drive but we’re excited about the fact that there are new ways to consume content, and we’ll be aggressive in trying to figure out how to create value for our shareholders.
Jessica Reif Cohen – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And it’s a separate topic, but the international margins in the fourth quarter seemed to slow down a little bit. Can you talk about 2011 – is there an opportunity to drive margins further? What levers do you have? Are there specific markets where you feel like you could really drive growth?
Brad Singer: Jessica, it’s Brad. With regard to the margins in the fourth quarter, that was largely due to the timing of marketing spend. We had shifted some marketing spend from the third quarter into the fourth quarter to support the launches of TLC as well as Real Time in Italy, and so that’s what—our margins were a little bit lower than they would have been on a run rate basis.  Moving into 2011, we should still have margin expansion internationally. We are making investments in some of our growth markets, but that should be more than compensated by the revenue growth. 
David Zaslav: Real Time is a network that we took off of—in Italy, we took off of the Fox platform and we made it a free-to-air; and we thought that we could generate over the long term some incremental value, and so it’s now a broadcast platform in Italy and it’s doing nicely as a Top 10 channel in Italy now for women.
Craig Felenstein : Thank you, Jessica. Next question, Operator?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne representing Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning. David and Peter, you mentioned in your prepared remarks targeted M&A and complementary businesses, and I’m wondering if you could just spend a little more time on what your thought process is in terms of putting money to work. I’m guessing maybe international is more an interest than domestic, maybe TV production. I don’t know if you want to do more online with something complimenting how stuff works, but just give us a sense for your thinking today on where you might be looking to invest. And then I’ve got a quick follow-up for Brad.
David Zaslav: Just top line. We’ve been pretty aggressive about looking at all the opportunities, but we’ve been very careful about pulling the trigger and that’s because we think we have very good sustainable growth just by growing into our platform and taking advantage of the content that we own. Having said that, we do think we have a huge leadership opportunity outside the U.S. and so in terms of priority, we’re probably spending more time looking outside the U.S. We did this deal with the BBC which gives us a—we now own a fully distributed entertainment channel called Live in Latin America, and we were able to buy out the rest of Animal Planet and that was done at an 8-times valuation which we think helps us to grow Discovery faster. In terms of online, we were able to get how stuff works. We brought in a lot of search competency into our Company. We’re working hard on our own to build our online business more in the social media area, but that’s an area I’d put probably at the bottom of the list of where we would spend our dollars. And we’re going to be careful. If something presents itself where we think we can grow faster by doing a deal, we will do it; but as we look out over the next several years, we have a lot to do and a lot of opportunity to grow.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Thank you. And Brad, you gave a lot of detail on guidance for ’11, so of course I’ll ask for some more. But I wanted to try to get two numbers out of you – the international affiliate revenue where visibility may be better than on the ad side, I’m just wondering if you can accelerate the sort of mid-single digit growth you put up in ’10. And on the domestic advertising front, you said the first quarter is accelerating. It sounds like scatter looks really strong right now, your ratings are improving. Do you think you can match the 2010 ad sales growth you put up in 2011 in the domestic market?
Brad Singer: Okay. With regard to affiliate revenues internationally, they should be slightly higher than 2010. We did have a couple deals that were redone when we repositioned some networks, so we don’t have that as much of a drag on the comparisons, so they should be slightly higher. With regard to U.S. sales, the way it’s running right now in the first quarter is—I alluded, or I said outright, which was we do expect it to be stronger than the growth rates in the fourth quarter, and that’s when you exclude the deconsolidation of Health. If those trends continue over the course of the year, we should have very nice performance.
Ben Swinburne – Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield representing BTIG. Please proceed.
Richard Greenfield – BTIG: Hey guys. When you look at the year-end net debt, it was about 3.1 billion. You had 1.7 billion of EBITDA, so your leverage was right about 1.8 times. Brad, I think you said 1.1 billion at the top end of free cash flow or thereabouts. With the 1.9 of EBITDA, that kind of implies that by the end of the year, without any share repurchase you’d be right around 1 times leverage. Just curious – when you think about target leverage ratio, is 1.8 kind of the bottom end of where you’d like to see it? Do you think we’ll get that moving higher, and is that a way to think about share repurchase, and obviously if you made an acquisition factoring in, to kind of where you want to get leverage by the end of 2011? Thanks.
Brad Singer: Our target leverage is slightly higher than where we’re running now. We’d like to see it more 2.5 times. We have put a lot of money to work in the fourth quarter—you know, it was over 750 million, so we ate into the cash balances we had at the end of the third quarter that were over $1 billion, and they were in the mid-400s. So as we move through 2011, we’d like to deploy that capital. As David said, we prioritize it first into operations, second into productive M&A, and then third into thoughtful repatriation. And so we will be building towards that without a specific number to hit in terms of our financial position by the end of the year, but with a bias towards moving higher.
Richard Greenfield – BTIG: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson representing Nomura. Please proceed.
Michael Nathanson – Nomura: Thanks. I have a couple for Brad or for David. David, you mentioned in your remarks how strong ID and Planet were this year domestically. Of your 13% ad growth you just put up in 2010, what percentage of ad growth came from those emerging networks?
David Zaslav: About a third of the growth came from the emerging networks.
Michael Nathanson – Nomura: Okay, about a third. And then Brad, looking at your guidance on top line, can you give me a sense in domestic—I think Ben was going there, but what’s your implied estimate or so for the range of ad growth and affiliate fee growth in 2011?
Brad Singer: You’d imply from it is that you’d have a continuation, as we said in the first quarter, of fairly strong sales trends, and the range would imply some moderation to potentially a little bit—to less moderation. So that’s how I would point to the ad sales. With regard to affiliate, our run rate in the fourth quarter would probably be slightly less into 2011 just due to the household formation numbers. We are encouraged the last few months – we’ve seen an improvement in the subscriber growth rates in terms of the fully distributed networks, and that’s how I’d say you should model it out.
Michael Nathanson – Nomura: Okay. And how far into the fourth quarter are you seeing those trends in subscriber growth? You know, how far into the numbers have you got?
Brad Singer: Just looking through the January numbers, which still lag a couple months.
Michael Nathanson – Nomura: Okay. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Bank representing RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Little bit of a follow-up on Mike’s question there. If you look at the trends on the affiliate fee side, you guys have a lot of moving parts – you know, opportunities with rebrands or upgrades, and obviously the renewal cycle and what you can get out of TV Everywhere versus maturation of some of the platforms, and even household formation. It’s not really a guidance question about next year, but how would you think about the next couple of years in terms of acceleration or deceleration off current affiliate fee trends domestically?
David Zaslav: Well, we don’t have any big deals coming up until 2012, and then they feather in. It’s not as if in 2012, all of our deals come up. What we’re trying to figure out is—what happened last year for two or three months, the number of subscribers in the U.S. actually went down a teeny bit, and so we don’t know what’s happening. There’s conjecture that a lot of it really had to do with the economy, and then we saw it pick up at the end of the year. So we’re kind of on a boat when it comes to the affiliate. We have good deals. The deals provide for us to get paid on incremental subs on all of our emerging networks. Every digital box that gets deployed has to add our channels, and so if the market actually picks up then we would get the traditional growth, we would get the digital growth through all of our subs. But the only new opener would be if there is a—if a distributor really wanted our content broadly other than through to the TV set, we’d have another conversation. Besides that, we’d be waiting until ’12, ’13, ’14 when our deals come up, and as you could see, our focus domestically and internationally is to strengthen our hand. You know, three years ago TLC was the number 20 network in America. Now it’s a Top 10 or number 8 channel for women in America. So if we could improve Animal Planet, improve ID, make Discovery stronger, Science, OWN – as we improve these channels, our hand gets better and we have more of an opportunity when those deals come up to say we have a bigger market share and we have more people that really care about our content, so we’ll have a stronger hand. But for the near term, it’s really how the industry grows, so we’re rooting for the distributors.
David Bank – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Joyce representing Miller Tabak & Company. Please proceed.
David Joyce – Miller Tabak & Company: Thanks. I was wondering if you could provide some more color of how the up-front market is evolving. Now that you’ve got some more kids network competition, do you see advertisers allocating more in the up-fronts to that genre? And I also was wondering if any other metrics are becoming more favored by advertisers, more of the C3s or what have you?
David Zaslav: It’s really too early to tell on the up-front side. Right now we have a very robust scatter in the first quarter which is stronger, and everybody has come. It’s very broad across all categories; so we’re seeing a first quarter better than fourth. And into the second quarter the strength is continuing, but we’re early into the second quarter. As Brad said, we’re not assuming it’s going to continue to be that strong all year. We hope it does. In terms of our up-front, we were down in Florida two weeks ago on the content side, getting ready for our up-front. We think we have a lot of good content to bring, but where the marketplace is, it’s too early to tell.
David Joyce – Miller Tabak & Company: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet representing Citi. Please proceed.
Jason Bazinet – Citigroup:  Thanks so much. I think if you look at the ratings of OWN in the early part of this year, they’re down versus Discovery Health last year, and I think you said that’s because in large part a lot of the new programming you guys are going to launch, as well as Oprah herself, doesn’t feather in until later in the year. When do you think it’s reasonable to begin to look at the year-over-year comps? Is it sort of a Q3, Q4 of this year or do you think it will take a little while for viewers to sort of find their way to the channel and find your voice, as you call it, and we’re really looking to 2012 before we get reasonable comps?
David Zaslav:  On OWN, we don’t have that much content on there, so there’s an enormous amount of repeating right now because a lot of our stuff hasn’t launched yet. And so we’re looking at the strength of the brand, we’re looking at the content coming up. I would say over the next six to 12 months as more of our content launches, when we get Rosie on the air, you will be able to see the strength of our original content and the creative vision that we’ve put together. And then when Oprah comes on, when Oprah is no longer available on broadcast and the place to see Oprah will be the channel, I think we’ll see another push. But for now, our focus is keep the content on brand, continue to invest. We believe strongly that there’s room for this niche here in the U.S. We’re launching in Canada in a few months, and we think there’s room for this channel in a number of markets around the world.
Jason Bazinet – Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tuna Amobi representing Standard & Poor’s Equity Group. Please proceed.
Tuna Amobi – Standard & Poor’s Equity Group: I have two questions. First one is a housekeeping question on domestic advertising. So you delivered 13%, which was clearly a strong number; but I would say that that kind of came in lower than we were expecting. I think I heard in the prepared remarks that it seemed like there were a couple of rating points percentage that—I’m sorry, there was a couple of percentage impact from ratings. So I wanted to get a clearer picture – what proportion of the advertising growth for this fourth quarter was attributable to ratings? And if you can comment on the sequential trends as the quarter progressed for the fourth quarter and kind of reconcile that your expectations which you just talked about for Q1, that would be helpful. And then—okay, I have a second one. Sorry. Go ahead.
David Zaslav: No, no. Go ahead if you have another. It’s fine.
Tuna Amobi – Standard & Poor’s Equity Group: All right. So a completely separate question, perhaps, for David. When you think about your digital strategy—you guys clearly have been leaders whether it’s HD or 3D. And yet when you talk to some investors there’s some perception out there, rightly or wrongly, that Discovery hasn’t been as aggressive as you can be on the new media front, whether it’s driving audience engagement on social media or even developing multimedia applications for things like gaming, whatnot. So it seems to me that your strategy—again, this isn’t meant as a criticism, but it seems overly conservative given the kind of content that you have. So within that context, can you perhaps articulate a little bit better what is it going to take for you guys to begin to more aggressively leverage this huge content that you have, which appears to be more relatively aggressive in that. Is it perhaps related to—I know you’ve talked about in the past of waiting for some kind of online measurement mechanism to be able to aggregate that. Is that something that would be a requirement? I know you’re also part of the CIMM, the measurement coalition. Any comments there in terms of the efforts there would be helpful to clarify that. Thank you.
David Zaslav: Okay, let me hit the first one quickly and then Brad can come over that, and then we’ll talk about digital. Look, October, Discovery really had some very soft ratings. We’ve talked for a long time about the fact that we have some very big franchise shows and that we need to build some new shows in order to get more long-term growth. In October, Discovery ratings were soft. They improved a little bit in November. We had new leadership in Discovery last year. We invested significantly in new series. The good news for us is that in December we launched Auction Kings and Gold Rush. Gold Rush is getting huge numbers, over a 2 rating on Friday nights; and the fact that we now have in January a number of other shows – Flying Wild Alaska and on Wednesday nights Sons of Guns – we now have four new series that are performing or outperforming our four horses. And so where we were in October, where we were kind of waiting for our content to come, was a struggle a little bit; and November got a little bit better. But when you look at December, it’s very promising. It’s early but we’re much more stable now with Discovery. We’re the number one network on Friday nights. One Friday we were the number one network for men, including the broadcast networks; and we have some new shows that people care about. So we lost between 2 and 3 points, so maybe we would have been between 15 and 16 if it wasn’t for Discovery’s softness. But in January, we’re up about 11%. I don’t know, Brad, if you want to add to that?
Brad Singer: That’s correct, David. So that was looking back on the fourth quarter. As we look at the first quarter, our prime is up 11%. Our total rating is up less than that but still positive across the vast majority of our networks, and so you don’t have that drag that you had in the fourth quarter as it moves into the first quarter.
David Zaslav: And just quickly on the digital piece, we have been consistent for the last several years. We have a great library. We don’t want to put it on a platform that’s going to undermine the core cable, dual revenue stream business model in the U.S. or around the world. You know, years ago when everyone put their content out on the web, we didn’t; and a lot of that content has been pulled back now. We’re encouraged by TV Everywhere. We’re encouraged by some of these new platforms that are subscription-based or any business model that gets us good economic return. And so we will be looking at that. The one thing we do do very aggressively is we’re a non-fiction company so we have real characters. Characters have fans, and so we’ve been very aggressive with Twitter. We now have 25 million Facebook fans. On a scale basis, on a comparative basis to other cable companies that’s quite high. And we’re going to continue to push in social media because we think that will help us.
Tuna Amobi – Standard & Poor’s Equity Group: Can you talk about measurement, David? Your efforts there and what you expect to happen? Is Nielsen going to come up with a solution, do you think, to online measurement?
David Zaslav: I think that fight—we’re pushing in that fight, but it’s the distributors and Nielsen that are going to have to get us to the finish line on that. Recently Time Warner was saying that that was solved at least on a test basis with TV Everywhere, and so we’re rooting for measurement. It’s important to us for us to be compensated, and it will be helpful for us in terms of reaching deals to put our content on those platforms.
Tuna Amobi – Standard & Poor’s Equity Group:  Still on measurement – any progress on the CIMM front?
Peter Liguori: Yeah, we’re involved in that, (inaudible). It’s moving forward. Nothing to say today, though.
Tuna Amobi – Standard & Poor’s Equity Group: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Anthony Diclemente representing Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Anthony Diclemente – Barclays Capital: Thank you very much. One for Brad and one for David. Brad, I’m just trying to get my arms around a run rate for free cash flow. You mentioned the timing of working capital payments and tax payments from the fourth quarter, it sounds like, moving into this year, and clearly your guidance on free cash flow is above plan for this year. But any way to quantify what that timing impact of those are so we can kind of smooth that out and figure out what the recurring rate would be?
Brad Singer: Sure, Anthony. For 2010, the cash taxes were around 400 million. In 2011, as we said, they’ll be 275 to 350, and they may be more towards the low end of that. It all depends on what our domestic production is and how much it qualifies. And so what we have is you had a tax—we had to pay for prior accelerated taxes in 2010 because the law hadn’t been passed; and now that the law has been passed, we get to use the 2010 acceleration and the 2011. So you have a swing of well over $100 million in taxes that would be lower than where we would have been due to the passing of the legislation.
Anthony Diclemente – Barclays Capital: Okay. And is it just that, or is there anything similar to that in terms of working capital, or is it just kind of the 100 million swing?
Brad Singer: It’s at least 100 million. That’s the biggest component of it. 
Anthony Diclemente – Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks. And then David, I’m looking at the ratings over the past month or two and it seems like something’s going on at Animal Planet just more recently. So I’m just wondering if there’s any area for concern in terms of the new 2011 ratings at Animal Planet.
David Zaslav: We have a lot of new stuff coming. A lot of our returning series are going to be—we’ll have more originals coming, which we feel good about, and then we’ll have some very good new content. So we’re feeling quite good about Animal Planet.
Anthony Diclemente – Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks. Have a good weekend, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Morris representing Davenport. Please proceed.
Michael Morris – Davenport & Company: Thank you. Good morning. Two topics I’m hoping you can cover for me. First, domestically in the past you’ve said that 60 to 70% of your revenue comes from Discovery and TLC. I’m wondering, first, did you see any change in the past year given the strength of your emerging networks; and then second, what kind of audience do you need at ID, Animal Planet, et cetera, Science to reach in order for them to start getting a bigger piece of the pie? And then secondly internationally, is it safe to assume that you expect or you foresee an acceleration in revenue given the investments that you’re making? And if you look at kind of the components of that business, let’s say kind of a cyclical improvement in the overall environment, a secular improvement, and more penetration of pay TV, and then third, launching new networks or acquisitions, how do you see the mix of what will drive acceleration in the coming years? Thank you.
Brad Singer: Sure. I’ll take the first part and then Dave may comment on some of the others. With regard to the mix of our domestic revenues, even though the emerging networks still grow at—generally the top line grows at generally twice the rate of the more fully distributed networks, because of their sizes we still get 70% or so from the fully distributed networks. So that equation has not changed from our fully distributed networks.
David Zaslav: What we’re hoping is—we’ve had networks that went 50, 60, 65. By getting ID up to 80 million homes this year and having its viewership grow – we were the number 29 network in the fourth quarter; in January, ID was the number 26 network for women. And so we’re focused on the fact that as that network is now reaching big numbers and big audience, that we have an opportunity to try and convert some significant upside over the next few years, and that’s what we’re going to try and do.
Brad Singer: And looking at what the growth drivers are for new investments, it’s primarily in the near term driven by advertising because we start to monetize the success of our investments through ratings and audience, and that’s where you see us, whether it’s in an ID, whether it’s internationally in some of our—it’s Live or TLC or other new investments, that’s where you’ll see it manifest itself. Over time, it may ultimately translate into affiliate fees, but it is really an advertising driven path that you’ll see.
Michael Morris – Davenport & Company: And just on that, can you give some sense of is there an inflection point in audience size when it really gets meaningful? I mean, it seems like Animal Planet is kind of in the middle as far as that’s concerned, given that you speak to Discovery and TLC as being the core drivers. Rough terms, how big does the network have to be to start really making an impact on the ad side?
Brad Singer: Well, Animal Planet makes quite an impact on the ad side. I mean, you’re talking about several hundred million dollars of ad revenue, so this isn’t a—this is not a small network.
David Zaslav: But it does take—you know, once you’ve built an audience, in order to build the CPM it takes some time and the bigger your audience and the bigger your overall (inaudible), the more credibility you have. And that’s why we fought to get Science in almost 70 million homes and to get ID. We think 80 million homes is a big number, so when we have ID in 80 million homes and if it continues to be the number 26, 25, 27 network in America, then we should be moving toward getting more of our fair share of fair value.
Craig Felenstein: Operator, we have time for one last question, please.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of David Miller representing Caris & Company. Please proceed.
David Miller – Caris & Company: Yeah, hi. Brad, when I look at your EBITDA guidance, it looks really conservative relative to how you guided on revenues. So is the delta there the non-cash comp that you talked about, or does it just have to do with the expense flow-through on the 25 new series slated for the flagship Discovery? If you can flush that out for me, that’d be great. Thank you.
Brad Singer: Sure, David. It’s two parts. One is the biggest driver is what I highlighted, I think, in our last earnings call, which is the amortization of programming is catching up with the last couple years of cash spend in programming. So that’s where you see that come through. The other component is what you just highlighted – we have approximately a $20 million in non-cash comp that as we move to a more traditional stock option RSU base, we deduct that from EBITDA. And those are the two big elements. We also are making select investments in growth areas, whether it is more in our emerging nets for international. Those expenses are contemplated in that guidance.
David Miller - Caris & Company:  Okay, wonderful. Thank you.
Craig Felenstein : Thank you everybody for joining us. If you have any follow-ups, please give us a call. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  David M. Zaslav – President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Bradley E. Singer – Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President, Treasurer Peter Liguori – Chief Operating Officer Craig Felenstein – Senior Vice President of Investor Relations  
Analysts:  Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley John Jenedis - Wells Fargo Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Richard Greenfield - Pali Research Imran Kahn - J.P. Morgan David Joyce - Miller Tabak and Co. 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 Discovery Communications Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Latisha and I will be your operator for today. (Operator Instructions) The speakers on today’s call will be Discovery’s President and CEO, David Zaslav, Chief Financial Officer, Brad Singer and Chief Operating Officer, Peter Liguori. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today, Mr. Craig Felenstein, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Craig Felenstein: Thank you, Latisha. Good morning , everyone and welcome to Discovery Communications’ fourth quarter and full year 2009 Earnings Call. As Latisha mentioned, joining me today is David Zaslav our President and Chief Executive Officer, Peter Liguori , our Chief Operating Officer and Brad Singer our Chief Financial Officer. Hopefully you have all received our Earnings Release, but if not feel free to access it on our website at www.discoverycommunications.com. We will begin today’s call with some opening comments from David, Brad and Peter, after which we will open the call up for your questions. Before we begin I’d like to remind you that comments today regarding the company’s future business plans, prospects and financial performance are forward-looking statements that we made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. These statements are made based on management’s current knowledge and assumptions about future events and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.  In providing projections and other forward looking statements the company disclaims any intent or obligation to update them. For additional information on important factors that can effect these expectations, please see our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st 2008 and our subsequent filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that I’ll turn the call over to Brad.
Bradley E. Singer:  Thanks, Craig. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss our fourth quarter performance and current operating environment with you. We enjoyed our strongest top-line growth of the year during the fourth quarter as advertising, pricing and demand strengthened sequentially in our domestic and international operations. Total revenues increased 7% compared to the prior year, led by 16% international revenue growth, excluding $19 million of favorable currency impact and complimented by 3% U.S. network growth. Our total operating expenses increased 2%, excluding $18 million of unfavorable currency impact. As we continue to reduce our SG&A spending. We lowered our SG&A costs by $16 million in the quarter, but increased our cost of revenues primarily due to content and period charge increases of $20 million compared to the fourth quarter of the prior year. Our adjusted OIBDA grew 8% to $390 million compared to the prior year. Please note our fourth quarter results reflect a deconsolidation of Discovery Kids reducing revenues by $11 million and adjusted OIBDA by $5 million and include $5 million in expenses related to the Oprah Winfrey network.  Our net income increased to $155 million reflecting our improved operating performance and lower impairment charges, offset by mark-to-market increases in our share based compensation. Our free cash flow more than doubled to $236 million, primarily due to improved operating performance and favorable working capital during the quarter. Looking back on our full-year 2009 performance, our ability to grow revenues, adjusted OIBDA and free cash flow is a testament to the strength of our business model, and our ability to execute in a challenging economic environment. Our team produced 12% adjusted OIBDA and over 40% free cash flow growth, adjusted for the tax impact of the Kids’ transaction, while delivering a hard fought 2% revenue growth. David will take you through how we were able to achieve these results in such a tough environment for operating units. Our U.S. operations performed well during the fourth quarter. Domestic revenues grew 3% with distribution revenues increasing 4% from higher rates and expended distribution of our digital networks. Offset by the deconsolidation of the Kids’ network revenue. The affiliate revenue growth was 8% compared to the prior year. Our domestic ad sales team continued strong performance, growing revenues 2% in an improving market. We are encouraged by the scatter pricing tightening throughout the fourth quarter premiums to broadcast upfront in the high teens to mid-20% range across our networks. However, while the scatter pricing improved over 1,000 basis points in premiums to broadcast upfront from the third quarter, we were comparing against 20%-35% premiums in the fourth quarter of the prior year. The tough scatter comparison combined with modestly down broadcast upfront pricing resulted in 2% increase, despite strong national demands. Our domestic operating expenses increased in the fourth quarter by $26 million, compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to approximately $20 million of program impairments at TLC, Animal Planet and Science and to startup expense related to (inaudible).  For the year, our U.S. domestic team tightly controlled this cost structure, reducing SG&A expenses by $42 million or 9%. More than offsetting the $24 million increase in cost of revenue, enabling us to expand our 2009 adjusted OIBDA margins by 200 basis points or 56%. Our international team finished the year with their strongest quarter of 2009, revenues increased 22%, which included a 10% increase in affiliate revenues, a 24% increase in advertising and a 7% increase due to favorable foreign exchange rates. International affiliate revenue was led by strong growth in Latin America. Our international advertising revenue continued to accelerate with 18% growth in the fourth quarter, compared to the prior year excluding the favorable impact of foreign exchange and a $6 million favorable one-time item related to the settlement of our impact CAPEX scheme. Ad revenue growth was broad based with all of our regions experiencing double digit growth rates. Excluding the $18 million negative currency impact to our expenses, our operating cost went up 1%. OIBDA revenue increased 8% from the prior year primarily due to higher content amortization and distribution costs, while SG&A declined 6% from lower marketing and other general expenditures. Excluding the $1 million positive foreign currency impact our international operations increased adjusted OIBDA 44%, and margins increased to 43%.  Our international network (inaudible) outstanding operating leverage with over 95% of incremental revenue translating into adjusted OIBDA for the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter kept a strong performance throughout 2009 for the international team, with 10% revenue growth and 24% adjusted OIBDA growth, excluding the impact of currency movements. Their performance improved operating margins over 400 basis points and delivered 83% of incremental revenues to adjusted OIBDA.  Overall the company’s performance during the fourth quarter of 2009 slightly exceeded the high end of our revenue and adjusted OIBDA expectations, as conditions approved globally in the advertising markets. As we look forward to 2010, we are encouraged that the improved pricing and ad trends we experienced in the fourth quarter have continued through today. However, we do remain cautious given the recent and potentially recurring global economic volatility. For 2010 we are forecasting a range of $3.625 billion to $3.75 billion or between a 3%-7% increase in revenues. Our outlook incorporates low to mid single digit U.S. ad growth and high single digit international ad growth, excluding foreign currency. We believe affiliate revenues adjusted for divestages(ph) will grow in the mid to high single digits both domestically and internationally. For comparative purposes please note that our 2010 revenues do not include Discovery Kids, which produced $19 million prior to May sales of 50% interest and $11 million related to Animal Planet Japan will no longer be consolidated in our financial statement. We also anticipate losing approximately $15-$20 million of revenues on a representation of the travel challenge, due to its ownership change in the first half of 2010. Based on current exchange rates we anticipate foreign currency will minimally impact operations compared to the prior year. We anticipate adjusted OIBDA of $1.56 billion to $1.64 billion or to between 5% and 10% growth for 2010. Our adjusted OIBDA growth will be primarily driven by our revenue growth, majority of the incremental revenue translating into adjusted OIBDA. We anticipate low single digit operating expense increases in 2010. Please note that 2009 will be recast and 2010 will not include the revenue and expense of the Oprah Winfrey network and Animal Planet Japan through the implementation of OWN. We have provided a supplementary schedule that details the 2009 impact in our earnings release. We anticipate net income from continuing operations of $660 million to $725 million and capital expenditures of $50-$60 million. Our outlook incorporates the current share price in capping the LTIP impact to net income.  We anticipate generating free cash flow between $700-775 million in 2010, we expect to significantly improve our cash from operations due to the growth in our revenue and operating leverage. We do anticipate a higher level of tax payments in 2010 than our estimated long-term 37.5% economic tax rate due to the expiration of the Section 181 tax deduction for domestic (inaudible) production, which will add approximately $70 million to our tax payments as prior deductions are accelerated and recouped. As a result we anticipate our 2010 tax payments will $425-$460 million which is comparable to 2009, which included $108 million related to the gain on Discovery Kids transaction. We also incorporate in our guidance the adverse impact to our working capital of the long-term incentive compensation payments accrued in 2009, which will total approximately $120 million. As a result of the expiration of the section 181and the LTIP payments, our 2010 anticipated run-rate free cash flow is reduced by over $150 million, which is reflected in our outlook.  With a strapping financial position we will continue to selectively increase the duration of our capital structure to better match the long lives of our assets and increase our financial flexibility. Our strapping financial position enables us to direct our capital resources where they are expected to generate the highest return for our shareholders in the future. We will continue to work hard, insuring the best use of the capital we generate. The recent volatility in the market may provide us an opportunity to employ our capital from more efficiently an internal as well as externally. Before I finish up, I would like to remind everyone that the successor of Planet Earth, Life, will be premiering the last week of March on Discovery and please be sure to catch the Police Women, (inaudible) later this month on TLC as well as the season premiere of River Monster on Animal Planet. With that I will turn the call over to David Zaslav, our President and CEO.
David M. Zaslav: Thanks, Brad. Good morning, everyone, we appreciate you joining us for our year end call, it’s a great opportunity to reflect on what Discovery Communications accomplished over the past year and also look ahead to 2010.  Brad has taken you through our fourth quarter results, a strong end to a year in which Discovery outperformed on nearly every single financial metric. Despite challenging economic conditions throughout most of 2009, we managed to deliver top-line revenue growth while diligently cutting costs leading to double digit adjusted OIBDA growth and free cash flow growth. Our growth was consistent with revenue and adjusted OIBDA gained every quarter excluding foreign currency. Our growth was diverse with both domestic and international platforms delivering advertising and subscription increases and our growth was balanced, with expansion from both revenue growth and targeted cost reductions.  On our call 12 months ago we laid out the rational for why we were confident Discovery would outperform in 2009 and deliver real financial growth despite a tough macro environment. I’d like to revisit and underscore some of the strategic advantages that enabled us to deliver such strong results in 2009, as they also lay the foundation for why we expect to be successful again in 2010. First advantage we cited a year ago, one that was going to be especially valuable given the uncertain economic environment at the time, was that nearly 50% of our revenues come from recurring subscriber fees through our multi-year contractual relationships with our affiliate partners. Fees that provide top-line sturdiness and helped insulate the company from the choppy and difficult environment.  These affiliate fees delivered sustained growth through 2009 with affiliate revenues of 8% excluding foreign currency in the removal of Discovery Kids. And this growth was geographically diverse, the U.S. program capitalized from the escalators embedded in our affiliate contracts as well as the 5% expansion of the subscriber base, primarily from further penetration of our digital networks to deliver 9% affiliate revenue growth excluding Kids. And Discovery’s international networks leveraged the continued secular growth trends of Pay-TV around the globe expanding its subscriber base and delivering 9% affiliate revenue growth this past year excluding foreign currency.  Our cable network affiliate fees gave us a real competitive advantage in 2009, and will continue to provide a strong foundation for growth in 2010 as digital subscribers continue to penetrate domestically and Pay-TV grows internationally.  The second advantage we cited a year ago was the strength of the company’s brand portfolio. Ratings momentum the portfolio was generating towards the end of 2008, gave us real confidence that we would continue to grow our market-share in the year ahead. This was even more important than usual in the tough and uneven economy, it was imperative from an advertiser perspective to maintain this momentum throughout 2009 and I’m proud to say we did that and then some.  Every one of our rated channels delivered increased audiences this past year, and we grew our ratings for the portfolio as a whole every single quarter. Primetime ratings delivery across our domestic networks was up 8% among our key demo in 2009, while the rest of cable was down slightly and broadcast declined 7%. We were led this year by the remarkable turnaround at TLC. This was a channel in 2008 which was completely off-course, we put in a new management team last year, led by Eileen O’Neil and it is now a top ten network for women with ten shows averaging over 1 million total viewers. In 2009 it had its highest audience in five years and delivery was up 13% in its key women 25-54 demo led by double digit increases from returning shows, Say Yes To The Dress, L.A. Ink, Jon & Kate, Little People Big World and 18 Kids And Counting. As well as new hits, Police Women of Broward County, Little Couple, Toddlers & Tiaras and Cake Boss. Animal Planet also had a tremendous year, increasing its viewership 16%, among adults 25-54 and delivering its best audience in six years. The Animal Planet Rebrand is working, ratings gains were led by new hits, River Monsters, which premiered in the second quarter and was the best performing series ever for the network. As well as by returning hit Whale Wars, which in its second season delivered 18% growth and is the second highest rated series in Animal Planet history.  Discovery Channel also grew in 2009, up 4% led by the best year ever for returning hits, Deadliest Catch, Man Vs. Wild, Dirty Jobs and Storm Chasers. Several new shows also showed real promise that will be brought back for a second season, including The Colony, Ghost Lab, Swamp Loggers, Swords and Pitchmen.  Another big growth story among our cable nets this past year was the continued rating gains at Investigation Discovery, ID. ID had its best year ever among nearly every demo, including a 27% increase among its key women 25-54 demo. Since its launch in January 2008, ID has grown it’s targeted audience nearly 200% and delivered 24 months of sustained viewership growth, ID has moved from the 49th ranked network for women 25-54, a year ago in the U.S. to the 38th ranked network today, despite being in less than 60 million homes.  ID has established itself as America’s leading investigation network led by hits, On The Case With Paula Zahn, The Shift, Disappeared and I Almost Got Away With It, which premiered after the quarter and delivered the largest audience in the history of the network. We still have a long way to go in our quest to make ID a top 20 network, but Henry Schleiff and his team have done a great job establishing ID as a preeminent channel for crime and forensics programming. But the ratings growth is only part of the domestic story, our diversified portfolio which reaches a broad range of demos across our networks and delivers devoted engaged and upscale audience, is an attractive value proposition for clients, especially when forced to make tough choices with shrinking ad dollars. Additionally, we have what I think is the best ad sales team in the business, led by Joe Abruzzese, they continue to be innovative and develop additional ways to provide value to their clients and they certain delivered this past year. Our domestic ad revenues were up 2% this year, pretty remarkable when you look across the media space and see that no other media company delivered sustained ad growth in 2009, and we did so in every single quarter. However, when I look at the ratings success we achieved in 2009, it’s apparent that the economic downturn hampered our ability to fully monetize our growing audiences and our dynamic brands, which is why I’m so optimistic about domestic advertising in 2010. Our ratings momentum is poised to continue this year, with a broad and deep development slate of new and returning series across all our networks. In fact, ratings in January were up 12% giving us a great start to the year. We will also be buoyed by the March premier of Life on Discovery, which includes 11 hours of original programming narrated by Oprah Winfrey and produced by the same folks who delivered the hugely successful Planet Earth series. We do face an advertising hurdle, given that our upfront pricing was down slightly. But we anticipate making up these declines with strong ratings and hopefully a continued robust scatter market. Scatter pricing has steadily improved since last quarter and has further strengthened in January along with increased demand. The stronger scatter market improved visibility and continued ratings momentum, we expect to deliver accelerated ad growth domestically in 2010. Similar to the U.S. the weak economic environment throughout most of 2009, hindered our ability to monetize our viewership growth internationally. We did manage to translate increased audiences across EMEA, Latin America and Asia Pacific all of which experienced double digit viewership increases into 10% advertising growth, excluding foreign currency.  But the opportunity exists to further expand this revenue stream as the economy continues to stabilize. There were continued signs of recovery during the fourth quarter with international advertising in local currency up 18%. But we will remain cautious given the limited albeit improved visibility internationally. As our international market share continues to expand through increased viewership and reach, the company remains well positioned to deliver heightened ad growth in 2010 as we capture an increased share, what we expect will be a larger pool of ad dollars in the marketplace. The last strategic advantage we discussed a year ago was our operating flexibility and our stringent focus on permanently reducing our cost structure, the tough economy allowed us to be more aggressive and act with a greater sense of urgency, but as we headed into 2009 we are certain there were additional areas where we could be more efficient and cost effective.  Over the last 12 months the company took significant steps to restructure our work force, refine our marketing spending and reduce our research costs, the net results of all these cuts was lower SG&A spending of 10%, excluding foreign currency. The majority of which has been permanently removed from our overall cost structure. And while we were aggressive in lowering our overall cost base, we did not sacrifice the quality of what is on the screen. We’ve been resolute in stating that we will continue to invest in quality content because it is the driving force behind our business.  We told you throughout last year that we would offset any increase programming costs during 2009 with cuts to SG&A that we delivered. Our cost of revenues was up 7% this past year excluding FX but we more than offset that with lower overhead costs. The net result was operating expenses down 2% in 2009, which when combined with our revenue growth resulted in real operating leverage as margins expanded to 42%.  In the year ahead we plan to further invest in our brands and original content but the focus will remain on success based investment, putting our money to work where it is proven to generate a return, such as at Animal Planet and ID. As Brad mentioned despite this investment, we expect margins to continue to rise in 2010 but that growth should be driven primarily by revenue expansion and a focus on maintaining a stable cost base, rather than largely through cost reductions.  Lastly, during 2009 we also took several strategic steps to better position us for long-term growth. The highest profile of these initiatives was undoubtedly the progress we have made at OWN. Christina Norman has done a great job focusing the strategic direction of the network and Oprah.com and she and her team are wrapping up the programming line-up in anticipation of the launch next January. Just last week we announced five shows which will be part of next year’s slate, including a behind the scenes series which Oprah will narrate, documenting the last year of the Oprah Winfrey Show in syndication.  We’re excited about the direction of the network and look forward to showing advertisers the progress we’ve made at this year’s cable upfront. Oprah and I are actively involved in all aspects of the network and we are working together to further define her on air presence following the announcement that she will be ending her long running syndication show in 2011.  We’ve also made substantial progress at our joint venture with Hasbro, including announcing that it will be branded The Hub. Magret Loesh and her team have been working diligently on strategy and program development in anticipation of the launch later this year. Hasbro team led by Brian Goldner have been great partners and we are excited about the passion they bring to the venture as well as the content ideas they have developed thus far. During this past quarter we also announced a partnership with Sony and IMAX to launch the first 24 hour, 3-D network and while it is very early in the consumer lifecycle for this technology we anticipate being the leader in 3-D content, much like we did with high definition when John Hendrix launched the first high-def channel back in 2002 with Discovery.  Finally, we also have implemented several management changes, which we feel will improve our operations going forward, including transitioning Mark Hollinger to take over at our international networks. Mark helped build our international platform over the past 20 years, is a superb operating leader and he is the ideal choice to lead the division for the next stage of growth. We’ve also named Peter Liguori as our Chief Operating Officer, Peter has been one of the most successful leaders in the media industry over the past 25 years and has an extensive track record for developing innovative marketing and programming. Peter is a world class creative leader, I look forward to partnering with him as he helps the company continue our transition from a great platform company to a great content company.  2009 was a challenging year. But despite an economy that was weaker than anticipated, Discovery delivered on our expectations, achieved real growth and outperformed our peers. As we head into 2010 in what we anticipate will be an improved operating environment, the company 's sustained ratings momentum, distribution strength and a leaner cost structure position discovery to deliver continued strong growth in the year ahead.  Before we take your questions, I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Liguori for a few brief comments. 
Peter Liguori:  Thanks, David. Good morning everyone. It's great to be here with you today. I met several of you in the last years from my old job at NewsCorp and I really look forward to sitting down with you in the future to talk about our story here at Discovery.   I've only been here for about three and a half weeks so there's still plenty for me to learn, but what's fairly obvious is that Discovery is extremely well positioned with a diverse portfolio of strong brands married to an extensive distribution platform. Discovery has always been synonymous with high quality content and David and his team have continued this tradition while taking bold steps to transform the company, further positioning it for long term growth.   My focus here will be on taking the company's diverse brands and refining and accelerating their audience appeal and their brand entitlement. There's no need for wholesale changes, we're already headed in the right direction. My goal is simply to help figure out the best way to get the most out of the assets that we have. We have unique opportunities ahead from further developing the global appeal of iconic brands such as Discovery and TLC to also finding the upside in existing brands such as Animal Planet and Science, where there are big opportunities to also building new brands from the ground up, such as ID or Investigation Discovery. And of course our joint ventures with Own and the Hub. As David said, we're focused on continuing Discovery's evolution from what is already a great platform company with strong brands into a great content company with engaged audiences around the globe. I'm very excited to be part of the team, and I couldn't be more excited to be working with David, Brad and everyone that they've assembled back at Silver Spring. So I look forward to meeting all of you again and down the road I hope we're going to be able to share some more time and I'm going to turn this back over to Craig. 
Craig Felenstein:  Operator, we're ready to take the questions now. 
Operator:  (Operator's Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne. Please proceed.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Two questions for you, I guess. Starting with scatter pricing, Brad I think you mentioned scatter over scatter was a headwind in the fourth quarter, but it sounds like there's been improvement there. When I look at your advertising guidance for the U.S. I think you said low to mid-single digits. It would seem with your ratings strength if we start to get scatter over scatter being up year on year that could prove to be pretty conservative. I just wondered if you were making an explicit assumption about that pricing in your guidance or at least could comment on my thought process.  And then second, maybe for Peter and David, when you look at the international business at Discovery and Peter when you compare that to what NewsCorp built in the Fox International business which has become a big business for NewsCorp. Is there anything you would take from the NewsCorp experience that you think could improve what Discovery's been doing internationally, or do you believe that the strategy of re-purposing U.S. content overseas which has been a huge margin driver for Discovery remains core and the way to move forward? Thank you.
Bradley E. Singer:  Hey Ben, I'll take the first one then I'll turn it over to David and Peter to discuss the international operations. With regard to scatter pricing as you highlighted in the fourth quarter we might have been up 15% to 25% depending on which network but we were going up against premiums that were 35% you know with their broadcasts up front. In the first quarter of the prior year the premiums are not as high as they were in the fourth quarter of 2008. So right now we're running slightly ahead of the 2009 scatter market, where we're pricing today. And scatter premiums have picked up slightly from the fourth quarter so they're a bit higher than that 15 to mid-20's range. If that holds and the ratings hold you'd be at the higher end of our guidance and that's how it's conceived. Right now for the first quarter, given the map we've just walked through we'd be running around 5%-ish, maybe a little bit better, depending on if the ratings hold throughout the quarter.  So I think that all the math you went through is consistent with how its playing out. 
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, got you. 
Peter Liguori : On your second question, in looking at the experience from NewsCorp versus Discovery, I really do feel that Discovery is at a specific advantage. When you look at the difference between scripted programming, especially things like comedy to non-fiction, you realize how non-fiction translates overseas almost flawlessly. You know, the world of science, natural history, investigative work, real people, real families – there's no known international boundaries – they're the same across the board. So I think these brands, especially with the content that's provided are particularly well positioned for overseas growth and I look forward to working with Mark on exploring the upside with our international distributors. 
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Janedis with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
John Janedis - Wells Fargo: Hi, thank you. Can you just talk a bit more about the ratings at the Discovery Channel. They've been a bit mixed (inaudible) I guess I'd say, David you mentioned Life but I'm wondering to what extent you've got some other mirrors coming over the next few months and if you've changed the number of new programming hours during prime time? Thanks.
David M. Zaslav: Well we're very excited about Life and that will be premiering in March and we have a big promotion against that because we think it's break out programming like Planet Earth was – the same team put it together. Our series' are very strong, we're – Deadliest Catch will be coming back, a few of you may have read that we lost one of our captains last night, and it's been quite a dramatic season. But overall our series' remain very strong. We have a new leader in there, Clark Bunting and we're reinforcing the creative leadership team and Peter is working with Clark on that very simple mission which we started three years ago, which is what is Discovery at its best. So you'll be seeing us kind of leaning in, because we think that curiosity at it's very heart, which is what Discovery is all about has meaningful upside, domestically and around the world. So we're continuing to invest in that, and we think we can build it. 
John Janedis - Wells Fargo: And Brad one other question related – or unrelated I should say. Can you help us think about the cost indebted in your outlet for Hasbro (inaudible) I'm sorry if I missed it earlier.
Bradley E. Singer:  John, because of the accounting change for FAS 167 neither of those costs flowed through our current incomes statements. They're just picked up on an equity basis.  
Craig Felenstein:  Next question Operator, please. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.  
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. I had a couple questions. I was wondering if you could help us or elaborate a little more on the international potential. How much is the sub-growth growing over the next couple of years, how much upside is there on affiliate-cy rate increases. I think that the Disney Channel numbers showed surprising growth from outside the U.S. and how much of a share shift have we seen and how much more is there to go from advertising shifting from broadcasting to cable/satellite? 
David M. Zaslav:  Hi Jessica. Let me deal with it generally. We've been rebuilding our ad sales team as you know. It's only been in the last two years that we've been selling in those markets and we're finding that and building the strength of our team around the world. We still have – the majority of the money we make outside of the U.S. is in affiliate fees, so on the affiliate side, as we build our brands and we grow our ratings that enhances our hand as our deals come up. About 70% of our deals are locked through the end of 2011 and so we will have an opportunity as we build those brands to take advantage of the fact that our channels are stronger and continue to grow.   On the advertising side we showed in the fourth quarter that we've been able to build on our strength by having good people on the ground and by selling locally, we put up a very strong number 18% growth in the fourth quarter. And we still haven't taken full advantage of the additional viewership and market share that we've gotten around the world.   In terms of the overall growth of subs, it really depends on the market but there are a number of markets that are like the U.S. in the late 90's – we're seeing significant growth in India, significant growth in Brazil and in Chile. A lot of the emerging markets are very strong and then it's a mixed bag. There are some markets like Southern Europe and the UK that are about as mature as the U.S. But on balance there are a number of big markets where we're well positioned with a number of channels in low channel position with good sub fees where as the market grows we will grow with it just by the fact that we were there early and we have market share. 
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  And then, Brad commented specifically about first quarter trends in advertising. Can you guys give us some color on what you're seeing internationally in advertising? 
Bradley E. Singer:  Hey Jessica. It's a little early to tell. You know the favorable trends we had in the fourth quarter seem to be continuing but that market isn't as fully developed in terms of there's not a large upfront in many of the countries or anything that's an analog to that sales profit. So it does come together later. It's encouraging what we've experienced in January but we just don't have the same visibility that we have in the States.  
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  And then one final question I guess I have for Peter. Peter you mentioned that Science you see a lot of upside. Can you just give some more specifics as to how you plan to direct the channel? 
Peter Liguori:  Yeah, you know just in my first few weeks here, going out to the creative community it is just remarkable how many big name storytellers look at all the Discovery networks – but you know especially a fascination with Science overall. And in just discussing what opportunities there are for content on Science you do see storytellers responding to it. David and Debbie and Clark have Steven Spielberg doing some work specifically on the Science channel to bring to life what would normally be considered somewhat of a dry topic, but bringing to life the stories around science innovation and the future of science. So when we look at that network it's going to be able to move more from an explanation of science to the life of science which we experience every day. So I'm highly encouraged by the reception that the creative community has had for that channel.  
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Thank you.
Craig Felenstein:  Next question, Operator please. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Diclemente of Barclays Capital. Please proceed. 
Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital:  Hi, good morning. Brad did you give an expectation for domestic advertising growth in the current quarter?
Bradley E. Singer:  We did not. What I did highlight Anthony was that it's running right now – I'd call in the mid-single digits a little better than 5% potentially but again, we're not done with the quarter, our ratings aren't done – we still have the Olympics to go through but based on where we're at today that would be our expectation.  
Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital:  Okay, thanks. And then on your comments on use of free cash flow, I just wondered Brad if there are any acquisition or M&A opportunities that you see globally out there and if not any reason you wouldn't be in there buying your stock back right now?
Bradley E. Singer:  Well, right now we probably have several things that we're looking at. They're not in the billion dollar range - they could potentially be an aggregate in the several hundred million dollar range. So there are opportunities that we think would be good returns on the capital we'd invest. If we cannot find productive uses that generate good returns you should anticipate it, we'll be repatriating money back to our shareholders over the course of this year.  
Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital: What types of things are those? Are there international cable networks that are out there? 
Bradley E. Singer:  The one's that we're looking at right now are either potentially buying in parts of joint ventures we don't own, bringing in some capability, and they have basically for the most part been internationally oriented.  
Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital: Okay, thank you. And then one for David just more broadly on your digital strategy. I think you've been a bit more reluctant to release some of your content onto new digital platforms, and I'm just wondering if you could update us all on your strategy for monetizing online content in view of the relationship you have with your cable operators? Thanks for the questions.
David M. Zaslav:  Sure. We have held back – we have a great library – 20 year library we own virtually all of our own content, but we haven't put out much long form because we really are holding it back for a business model that works which is our cable channels. But more importantly we found that we can very effectively get our content out there in best of and clips and in different ways by like having channels on YouTube where people upload myths that they can bust and have a communication back and forth with the Myth Busters. It's a much more effective way to build our brands as people play on all these other platforms, so that's number one.  Number two is that we're really getting aggressive in what I would call social-viral community. As we look at one of the advantages that we have – because we're non-fiction across our 13 channels here in the U.S. and around the world, as you take a look at Facebook and YouTube and Twitter, we have a chance to lean in on those platforms because we have real people, that have real fan bases – whether it's the Captains from Deadliest Catch or Jamie and Adam from Myth Busters, or a lot of the great characters like Buddy from Cake Boss – so we've been really pushing all of our characters who have a real connection with viewers domestically and around the world to participate on all of the social platforms. And that seems to be working quite well for us and so as we look at new media we don't just look at it as ways of pushing our content out, we look at it as ways of reaching out to fan groups that can reinforce from a marketing perspective the importance of our personalities and our brands and our shows. 
Anthony Diclemente - Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.  
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks very much. A couple for Brad and then sort of a big picture question. Balance sheet then if you might start returning capital or have some deals lined up – what's the right long term leverage target? And then you talked Brad about advertising and didn't mention sellout at all. Can you give us a sense of what the sellout levels were in the first quarter for 2009 last year so we get a sense if there's upside there as well and then I have a question for David.
Bradley E. Singer:  Sure, let me take them in order Doug and then I'll turn it over to David. In terms of balance sheet what we've said in the past and I think we're still in the same place is that we'd like to maintain an investment – you know great credit rating – so that generally will be three times-ish or slightly less is the maximum leverage. We could go up to three and a quarter if you read what the credit analysts from the agencies say. Right now where we're at in our leverage is about – it's under two and half times, so we're definitely within the comfort range and I think we'd like to maintain a sensible cost at capital, so we don't want to decline our leverage much more from where we are today either.  With regard to sellout and expectations. Our sellout did increase in the fourth quarter. We saw it accelerate from starting kind of late in the third quarter into the fourth quarter so we are selling more in the cash market. That has continued in the first quarter and that's been part of the success. I mean we're ahead in the first quarter of where we were a year ago in terms of our pacing. And so – you know that is part of the process which is pricing firming up, the cash market is greater than it was a year ago and our ratings are up. And that's what's translating into an increase in advertising, but you are finding a little bit of low single digit upfront that made up a portion of that advertising base. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank:  Got it, thanks. And then for David, I just wanted to further the digital conversation a little bit because the iPad had a lot of people talking about the potential for over the top video, and I know you sort of had a discussion about putting your shows online in terms of downloads or streaming or ad supported. But any thoughts about the potential if you know an Apple or Amazon came forward and wanted to wholesale your channels and aerate them and sell them online in a paid TV package would you support that? 
David M. Zaslav:  Well, we're always looking for different ways to reach consumers, and if there were strong business models that can carry our content whether in long form or short form we're always aggressive about pursuing them. We're in talks with everybody – we just believe our content has significant value and we want to make sure we get paid meaningful value for our content. But we also recognize the value of the cable business and the value of the cable operators that are paying us more and more for our channels. So it's that balance. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank:  Are there any contractual obligations that would hold you back from online streaming? 
David M. Zaslav:  No. We have a right to do what we want with our content and we're just going to figure out the best way to reach our viewers and to go with the best business models we can find to create the best value.  
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield of Pali. Please proceed.
Richard Greenfield - Pali Research: Hi, a few questions – the first for Peter. I was wondering how you think about the opportunity – you have HD Theater, Fit TV and Military Channel, none of which seem particularly core or have a lasting brand image right now. I'm curious how you think about the potential of those three networks and what you could do with them? Two, a question on Own. Where is carriage right now for Discovery Health and do we know yet – is there any specific plan to have broader carriage by the time the network launches in early 2011? And then just lastly a question for Brad on Life versus Planet Earth. Planet Earth ratings were kind of a surprise and no one expected it to be as big as it is. How will Life be monetized and are you in a better position to monetize it – fully monetize ratings success versus Planet Earth and how does it flow through to DVD – what should the timing of that etc. be?
Peter Liguori: Let me take the Own one first because it's quick and then I'll pass it to you. Right now, Discovery Health is in about 75 million homes and we'll see some growth on that Rich before Oprah launches just by the natural growth that we'll get so figure 77 million, 78 million homes by the time we launch, maybe close to 80.  But that doesn't take into account that we're building – we have a fantastic brand, we have Oprah behind us, we've got some great programming and a great leadership team, and we're going to go out there. We're going to be looking to get more carriage for the channel and to get a different compensation structure from the channel over time. And so our expectation is that over time the channel will grow, it will grow significantly, and over time we'll be able to get some meaningful fees for high quality content. And a great brand.
David M. Zaslav: Let me discuss the Fit, HD, D of it all. Though your position is not necessarily being core, it's part of the core strategy to have a diverse portfolio of content. Now with all that being said and taking a look at some of those networks we're going to approach it on a couple levels. First we're going to look at natural growth within our cost structure to make sure that we're investing in content that can in fact bring more attention and more value to those networks and then two – you know we will continually recognize that there is strong distribution in place of those networks and that's beachfront property. If there were any larger strategic opportunities to take a look at those networks, we'll evaluate them on an individual basis. Fortunately, again those networks are locked in with many long term deals and it allows us the time and ability to look at certain investment opportunities. 
Peter Liguori:  One last thing on HD because it's an important point for us strategically. We have seven HD channels here in the U.S. we were a very early mover. We're now in 45 countries in HD. Maintaining our lead as a platform company is critical to us and I think it's starting to pay dividends. It's hard when you look at the research to really completely line it up, but at least anecdotally when you see how people view content when they get an HD set they spend a lot of their time on the HD tier. And that tier might have 30, 40, 50 channels, but we have six or seven of those. And so over time, having that platform advantage and the fact that our content looks great in HD, we think domestically and around the world will help us grow ratings and will help us grow brand value.  And it's one of the reasons we were so quick to get out with 3D and we're going to be the first to launch a 24 hour 3D channel, and we're going to do that because our content looks great in HD and as people move to that closer to real in terms of the way that they view content, that they'll continue to view us as the place to go to see content that looks great closer to real.
Bradley E. Singer:  And Rich, your last question with regard to Life and how we approach it, I think our sales teams have been very thoughtful in terms of working with potential advertisers and what's the best structure of how we partner with them, and we've done a really good job of monetizing and having a ratings expectation that is hopefully in line with what actually happens. And Life is no surprise to us in terms of the success  I think people are working really hard and we have high expectations for it but we believe it should be delivered and our teams are working to monetize that delivery. 
Richard Greenfield - Pali Research:  And you would expect the DVD out before the end of the calendar year?
Bradley E. Singer:  Yeah, the DVD won't be out until the second half of the year but it will be out – the economics I think David mentioned aren't – we don't get off with 100% economics it's still part of our partnership with the BBC but we do get to monetize it in the second half of the year. 
David M. Zaslav:  One thing that we did clean up this time is that last time there were two versions – we were selling it and the BBC was selling it. And there was an Attenborough version from the BBC and then there was our version. This time there'll be one version sold in the U.S. - it will be the Oprah version, it will be our version and it will be jointly sold by both of us and there will be a split. So we will be coordinated and will get some piece of everything that's sold. 
Richard Greenfield - Pali Research:  Thank you. 
Craig Felenstein:  Next question, Operator. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Imran Kahn of J.P. Morgan 
Imran Kahn - J.P. Morgan:  Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my question. It's Imran Kahn from J.P. Morgan. Two questions, one for Brad and one for David. Brad, you know I'm trying to understand here – I think you talked about international advertising guidance in high single digits. Why are you assuming international ad revenue growth to decelerate, are you seeing any trend or are you taking a conservative view because of the macroeconomic trend. And for David a more high level question. What kind of revenue base do you need in the international market to take your (inaudible) to march in the international market closer to the U.S. level? Thank you. 
Bradley E. Singer:  Imran, with regard to our outlook for the international advertising we do take a conservative view in terms of our outlook. We have been achieving in the third and fourth quarter – we were at 9% in the third quarter we were at 8% in the fourth quarter and fourth quarter is typically our strongest quarter. So going into this year as we did our budgeting and we did a bottoms up the high single digits made it to low double digits. That was the range that we were comfortable looking at it from a ground up level. If the economies do improve around the world then we may do better than that.  
David M. Zaslav:  On the margins side, international we'll never be able to sync up with where we are in the U.S. The U.S. is just an incredibly efficient operation – we serve 96 million homes essentially out of one factory. We are really – we're a true international company so we're doing business – we're not sending content around, we're actually doing business running channels all around the world. We have gotten more efficient – we think we can get more efficient in the way that we do our marketing and how we use our content. Having said that – so we think there's an opportunity to increase our margins in addition as Brad said as the revenues grow both in terms of our sub-fee revenue and our ad revenue, we've built a very strong engine in terms of having the overwhelming majority of that come down to operating cash flow. But having said all of that we will always have additional cost, we still do a fair amount of local content in the market – that's one of the reasons why we're able to build market share. You know, here in the U.S. Discovery has about a 1.5% market share. You go to some countries we have a 5% market share and part of that – that strength is in order to maintain that, we need to do some local content which we will continue to do.  
Imran Kahn - J.P. Morgan:  Thank you. 
Craig Felenstein:  We have time for one more question, Operator. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of David Joyce of Miller Tabak and Company. 
David Joyce - Miller Tabak and Co.: Thank you. I was just wondering if you could help frame the digital subscribers that you have, subscribers that are accessing Discovery content on digital tiers internationally. It's obviously a long run away of growth as the platform's just been upgraded but I was wondering if – since more programming would be likely available if you could help us think about that.
David M Zaslav:  I'll give it to you generically. We have an average of five channels in 173 countries and in most cases three or four of those channels are on a lower tier. And so it is in many of these markets it's the paid TV tier that is beginning to accelerate the way it did here in the U.S. in the mid to late 90's. In those markets where they have a traditional analog pay TV tier, there's also digital that's being rolled out to a lot of the emerging markets and in Asia. In every case, because we have distribution teams on the ground we're adding our channels into those markets on digital. But the big driver for us in terms of the overall – our advertising upside at least in the next year or two will be more of the growth of the traditional paid TV tier around the world but we are well seated on the digital side. I don't have the exact number of digital.
Bradley E. Singer: David, a good way to think about it is – I mean a fully distributed network is Discovery internationally and Discovery grows in the high single digits. It has for 2009. So the digital growth rates are higher than Discovery because – it's the most fully distributed and analog in some countries only. So it really varies country by country. With certain parts like Western Europe which has a higher digital penetration and in other parts of the world you'll have a lower digital penetration, and some might be satellite reached which is all digital. And so you have to look at it market by market and how they're approaching it. 
David M. Zaslav: The other thing that you see that's sort of a companion to this – we saw this in the U.S. is that as the paid TV penetration grows, the advertisers get more and more comfortable going from the broadcast platform to the paid platform. And the CTM's also grow because of that as advertisers come – we saw that here, we're seeing that in a number of markets around the world which as a trend over the next few years should be helpful to us and the other players in that space.
David Joyce - Miller Tabak and Co.: Great, thanks for the color.
David M. Zaslav:  Thanks everyone, we appreciate your participation in our earnings call. 
Craig Felenstein:  Operator, you can end the call now.
Operator:  Thank your joining today's conference. This concludes the presentation, you may now disconnect. Good day.
