===== 2025 Q2  (2025-05-15 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question and answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Beal, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Beal : Hello. Welcome, and thank you for joining us on today's call. Joining me on the call today are John May, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Jepsen, Chief Financial Officer; and Josh Rohleder, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings and spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2025. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at JohnDeere.com/earnings. First a reminder, this call is broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast that the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agreed that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances, and other factors that are difficult to predict. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K, risk factors in the annual Form 10-K, as updated by reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at JohnDeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I will now turn the call over to John May for opening comments before we begin with our formal remarks.
John May : Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. This quarter was marked by historic levels of volatility and significant uncertainty across our end markets, given the dynamic global trade backdrop. During times like this, it's important to reflect on and reaffirm our core values and the priorities that drive our teams at John Deere every day, which we've noted on Slide 3 of our presentation. Doing so helps us maintain our focus and resilience, providing a stable foundation that guides our decision-making and actions. Everything that we do at John Deere starts with our customers who provide food, fuel, clothing, shelter, and infrastructure for the world. We're honored to have served them for nearly 200 years, and we will continue to do so for the next 200. In times of uncertainty, we must remain steadfast in this commitment. Practically speaking, this means being deliberate in every action and keeping customers at the forefront of every decision. We'll continue to honor our commitments from agreed-upon prices to delivering the highest level of uptime and reliability expected from our products. It's in times like these that we have the opportunity to foster new and strengthen existing customer relationships that end up enduring for generations. Our second priority is our commitment to executing our plan, which involves taking actions to navigate more uncertain markets while also maintaining investments in value-unlocking products and solutions. Our commitment to our smart industrial strategy remains unwavering. The opportunity to make our customers more productive, profitable, and sustainable is tremendous, and we never lose sight of that. In the near term, we'll continue to proactively manage what we can control, cost, production, inventory, and quality to navigate this environment while driving the margins that fuel our investments in the future. Our performance this quarter is a powerful testament to the results that come from this approach. On that note, I'd like to commend our teams for the excellent results they delivered this quarter, despite the difficult macro environment we were facing. Finally, I'd like to reaffirm our investment in the future, a future rooted in innovation that began nearly two centuries ago in a blacksmith shop in Grand Detour, Illinois. Today, that innovative spirit continues with smart industrial, our strategy that combines investment in advanced technology with our legacy of manufacturing excellence. We're proud of our storied U.S. history, and with nearly 80% of our U.S. sales and 25% of our international sales built right here in U.S. manufacturing locations. We stand by and continue to embrace our American manufacturing heritage as we deliver value for our customers around the world. Smart industrial unlocks value through the integration of cutting-edge technology with premium hard iron equipment. We will continue to robustly invest capital and R&D to bring these integrated solutions to market, enhancing our global competitiveness. I'm proud that this innovative work will build on our American roots, and we are prepared to invest $20 billion in the U.S. over the next decade as we spearhead new product development, cutting-edge technologies, and more advanced manufacturing. These strategic investments are an opportunity to further leverage an already broad base of U.S. assets that include over 60 facilities across 16 states, supported by a highly skilled workforce that has built John Deere into the iconic brand it is today. As we look forward, we're more excited than ever about the opportunities ahead and our ability to drive unparalleled value for our customers worldwide by leveraging our rich heritage. It's a testament to our dedication to innovation, excellence, and our customers' success.
Josh Jepsen : Thanks, John. We'll now proceed with our remarks on the quarter. John Deere delivered a better than expected second quarter with an 18.8% margin for the equipment operations, demonstrating exceptional execution amidst challenging market dynamics. Notably, margins exceeded projections despite tear-up headwinds due to better-than-expected sales and favorable production costs stemming from efficiency gains in our material sourcing and factory operations. However, as we look to the second half of the year, global uncertainty continues to weigh on customer sentiment across end markets. And while the top end of our fiscal 2025 outlook remains relatively unchanged from prior guidance, a fluid tariff environment has led us to broaden our guidance range as we actively work to mitigate impacts to both our customers and Deere. Slide 4 opens with our results for the second quarter. Net sales and revenues were down 16% to $12.763 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were down 18% to $11.171 billion. Net income attributable to Deere and company was $1.804 billion, or $6.64 per diluted share. Turning to our individual segments, we begin with the production and precision Ag business on Slide 5. Net sales of $5.23 billion were down 21% compared to the second quarter last year, primarily due to lower shipment volumes. Price realization was positive, but just under one point. Currency translation was negative, but roughly two points. Operating profit was $1.148 billion, resulting in a 22% operating margin for this segment. The year-over-year decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes and an unfavorable sales mix, coupled with the negative effects of foreign currency exchange. These headwinds were partially offset by lower production costs and price realization. Moving now to Small Ag and Turf on Slide 6. Net sales were down 6%, totaling $2.994 billion in the second quarter, as a result of lower shipment volumes, partially offset by price realization. Price realization was positive by just under one point. Currency translation was negative by roughly half a point. Operating profit was approximately flat year-over-year at $574 million, resulting in a 19.2% operating margin. Lower production costs, lower warranty expenses, and price realization were offset by lower shipment volumes and an unfavorable sales mix. Slide 7 gives our industry outlook for Ag and turf markets globally. We continue to expect large Ag equipment industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down approximately 30% due to pressures from high interest rates, elevated late model used inventory levels, and trade uncertainty. These headwinds are slightly mitigated by stable crop prices, even tighter global stocks, and bolstered farm balance sheets strengthened by the distribution of government funds. For small Ag and turf in the U.S. and Canada, industry demand is now expected to be down between 10% and 15%. While the dairy and livestock segment remains at historically strong levels of profitability and certain high-value crops like almonds return to profitability, equipment purchases remain subdued due to prevailing uncertainties and elevated costs. Demand has been further restrained by deterioration in turf and compact utility tractor sales due to consumer confidence and high interest rates weighing on purchase decisions. Moving to Europe, the industry is still projected to decrease approximately 5%. Sentiment in the region is trending higher, given strong dairy and livestock margins and an improving arable outlook. Stabilized commodity prices and input costs, along with improving interest rate environment, should provide more planning certainty despite the low average yields in key markets. In South America, industry sales forecast for tractors and combines remain roughly flat. In Brazil, sentiment continues to improve as crop yields recover and corn and soybean profitability returns. Additionally, continued high margins in coffee production are driving increased demand for small and mid-sized tractors. However, record crop production levels are likely to put pressure on commodity prices, capping overall growth in farm profitability for the region, while high interest rates continue to temper demand. Industry sales in Asia are now projected to be flat as the outlook for tractor sales in India improves, supported by favorable growing conditions, steady crop acreage, and increased availability for agricultural credit. Next, our segment forecasts begin on Slide 8. For production and precision Ag, our net sales forecast for the full year remains down between 15% and 20%. The forecast now assumes roughly 1.0 of positive price realization for the full year, offset by 1.5 points of negative currency translation. Our full year forecast for the segment's operating margin is now between 15.5% and 17%, primarily due to tariff impacts. Slide 9 shows our forecast for the small Ag and turf segment. We now expect net sales to be down between 10% and 15%. The guide includes 0.5 point of positive price realization and flat currency translation. Reduction from the prior quarter is primarily due to softening demand in the U.S. turf and compact utility tractor segments, partially offset by improved sales projections for mid-sized tractors in Europe and small tractors in India. The segment's operating margin guide is now between 11.5% and 13.5%, primarily due to tariff impacts and the reduction in projected U.S. turf and compact utility tractor shipment volumes. Shifting over to construction and forestry on Slide 10. Net sales for the quarter declined roughly 23% year-over-year to $2.947 billion due to lower shipment volumes. Price realization was negative by just under 1.5 points. Currency translation was also negative by roughly less than 0.5 point. Operating profit was down year-over-year at $379 million, resulting in a 12.9% operating margin due primarily to lower shipment volumes and an unfavorable sales mix as well as negative price realization. Slide 11 describes our construction and forestry outlet. Industry sales projections for earth moving equipment in the U.S. and Canada remain unchanged with construction equipment expected to be down around 10% and compact construction equipment expected to be down around 5%. And markets continue to see high utilization as construction backlogs are steady and construction employment remains at all-time highs. However, trade uncertainty and high interest rates are pressuring order activity for both construction and compact construction equipment. U.S. government infrastructure spending continues to provide support to the industry. However, projections for single-family housing starts are moderating given macro uncertainty and higher mortgage rates. Similarly, rental sales continue to soften while high interest rates continue to pressure multifamily and commercial real estate markets. Global forestry markets are expected to be flat to down 5% as all global markets remain challenged. Global road building markets are forecasted to be roughly flat with continued strong end market demand globally. In particular, record sales Alabama trade show in April reinforced the uptick we're seeing in sentiment and demand throughout Europe. Moving on to the Construction and Forestry segment outlook on Slide 12, 2025 net sales remain forecasted to be down between 10% and 15%. Net sales guidance for the year includes one point of negative net price realization and flat currency translation. The segment's operating margin is now projected to be between 8.5% and 11.5% due primarily to tariff impacts and, to a lesser degree, lower price realization. Now, transitioning to our financial services operations on Slide 13. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the second quarter was $161 million. Net income was flat due to less favorable financing spreads and a higher provision for credit losses which were offset by lower SA&G expenses and a reduction in derivative valuation adjustments. For fiscal year '25, our outlook remains at $750 million as benefits from a favorable compare to special items related to the sale of Banco John Deere and lower SA&G expenses are partially offset by less favorable financing spreads. And finally, Slide 14 outlines our guidance for net income, effective tax rate, and operating cash flow. For fiscal year 2025, our outlook for net income has widened to between $4.75 billion and $5.5 billion. Next, our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate between 20% and 22%. And lastly, cash flow from the equipment operations remains projected between $4.5 billion and $5.5 billion. This concludes our formal comments. We'll now shift to a few topics specific to the quarter before we open up the lines to questions from our investors. Let's begin our discussion with Deere's performance in the quarter. We saw net sales increase sequentially, albeit down year-over-year. Additionally, margins were down roughly 2 points year-over-year but grew sequentially to come in at just under 19% for the quarter. While there are clearly macro headwinds at play the quarter represents strong operational performance. So Josh Beal, can you kick us off with a breakdown of the quarter?
Josh Beal: Sure, Josh. And I think John said it best earlier. This quarter was about resilience through uncertainty. Despite the macro volatility, we executed a plan and achieved better than expected results across all three of our equipment operation segments. Our factories ran well, supporting higher than expected sales volumes, particularly in North American large Ag. Additionally, production cost favorability was better than anticipated, reflecting our focus on driving material costs and overheads out of the business as we managed through this downturn. Also, recall that lower net sales in the first quarter reflected a shift of shipments to later in the fiscal year. This quarter, we saw some of those volumes materialize. Turning to construction and forestry, our second quarter results reflected a return to seasonal production in line with retail demand across our earthmoving factories, which were shut down for nearly half of the first quarter as we right-sized inventory levels. Sequential sales and margin improvements were partially offset by negative price realization in the quarter. However, our road-building business delivered another quarter of strong margins amidst stable global sales, helping support our overall division financials. Maybe one final point on the quarter. It's important to contextualize that the equipment operations results that we delivered were net of roughly $100 million in incremental tariff headwinds. All in, we feel really good about what we were able to accomplish across all divisions in Q2.
John May : Thanks, Josh. That's a great segue into my next question, which is probably top of mind for everyone given there's been a lot of fluctuation in trade policy over the last few months. As you noted, we saw roughly $100 million of tariff headwinds in the second quarter. What should we expect going forward and what have we incorporated into our guide for the rest of the year?
Josh Beal: Sure, Josh. As you noted, the trade environment is certainly fluid, evidenced by trade agreements and adjustments to tariff levels announced in this past week. We're monitoring these developments closely while concurrently planning and executing mitigation strategies. Provide context on Deere's potential tariff exposure, we've provided a geographic breakdown of U.S. complete good and component sourcing in the appendix of today's slide deck. As John noted earlier, nearly 80% of U.S. complete good sales are from products built at our U.S. manufacturing facilities with over 75% of the components used at those facilities sourced from U.S. based suppliers. The majority of U.S. complete good sales sourced outside the U.S. are tied to mid-sized tractors and rolled building equipment from Europe. On the component side, our primary non-U.S. sourcing is from Mexico and Europe. As it relates to our forecast, we expect a pre-tax tariff impact in fiscal year 2025 of just over $500 million should these tariff levels continue throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. This forecast is based on the impact of tariffs in effect as of May 13th, including the reductions in reciprocal and retaliatory tariffs between China and the United States announced earlier this week. Using this baseline assumption as a starting point, we've expanded our guidance range to account for scenarios that may evolve as the year plays out. For context in the split by business unit, we would expect 40% of the cost to impact our construction forestry operations with about 35% hitting small Ag and turf and about 25% hitting production and precision lag.
Josh Jepsen : Hey, this is Jepson. I'd like to quickly call out a few of the mitigation efforts we're taking to minimize the impact of tariffs on our customers, dealers, and Deer. Teams across the organization are working diligently not only to understand and quantify risks, as Josh Beal noted, but also to mitigate impacts where they're clear, executable solutions available. One example is the work we've done to certify eligible products for USMCA and Ag use only exemptions for Mexico and Canada. These certifications were not required historically as our products were generally duty-free. In only a few weeks, we've been able to successfully certify complete goods and components that make up the majority of the potential exposure from these countries. Additionally, our supply management team has been working to optimize our global trade flows actively moving component sourcing where we see no regret solutions. Overall, our teams are doing exceptional job to position us well as we navigate the current environment. Now turning to potential price actions. We don't see much opportunity for price mitigation to impact fiscal 2025, given our order books for most product lines are nearly full for the remainder of the year. That being said, we're contemplating tariff impacts on our cost structure as we look to model year 2016 pricing. However, we are doing so being very mindful of the dynamic environment and the pressures our customers have had to deal with over the past few years.
Josh Beal: Thanks for that color, Josh and Josh. Going back to the breakdown on tariff cost by segment, can you walk us through why we're seeing such outsized impact on our C&F business? And then more broadly, can you give us an update on market commentary and how that's impacting our guide?
Josh Rohleder: It's a great call out, Josh, and an important point to clarify. I'll start by reiterating that the majority of the margin compression seen in our updated C&F guide this quarter was driven by forecasted tariff impacts. That exposure is primarily driven by 3 areas: first, U.S. sales from our road-building business are exposed to the 10% global tariffs as production is located almost entirely in Germany. Second, we currently operate under a supply agreement with our former JV partner for excavators, a product line that makes up roughly 40% of the earthmoving market. This supply agreement applies to both complete goods sourced from Japan, along with Japanese source components for production in our North Carolina factory. It's important to note, however, that this exposure will reduce over the next few years as we begin to roll out Deer design and U.S. manufactured excavators. Finally, the earthmoving market is more exposed to China component sourcing than our Ag business, given the robust and mature supply base for construction equipment that developed in that region over the past 2 decades. Looking at the C&F industry, utilization of earthmoving equipment in our end markets remains healthy, while current uncertainty has weighed on new equipment replacement demand. Higher levels of price competition are also impacting the first moving market, which is reflected in our revised pricing outlook for the year. It's notable, though, that better-than-expected material favorability is helping to offset some of the margin impact of the additional pricing actions that we're taking.
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen. One thing I'd like to add here relates to our road-building business. Just this past month, we were in Munich for Bauma, the world's largest construction machinery show held every 3 years. This is an incredible event for our Wirtgen team. Not only do we see strong sentiment and record orders, but we had the opportunity to showcase the significant strides we're making in tech advancements for the industry, including the launch of the John Deere operations center for road building production systems. This was on top of the integration of John Deere engines, guidance systems and displays into road-building equipment at the show. Given the significant similarities between large Ag and road building in terms of repeatable jobs and precise execution to define specifications, we can extend the John Deere tech stack to Wirtgen equipment to enable more digitalization, automation and ultimately, value for our customers.
John May: This is John. It's important to highlight that the Wirtgen tech story is exactly what we envisioned when we launched our smart industrial strategy in 2020. By focusing on the jobs that our customers do in their respective production systems, we can target our development to solve their biggest pain points. Combining that focus with a centralized tech stack, which makes leveraging technology across production systems easier and more efficient, we can bring value accretive solutions to our customers faster and with greater impact and better capital allocation.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, John. It's really exciting to watch as our tech stack expands beyond just our large Ag business. Turning now to Ag. I'd like to start with farm fundamentals. So Josh Beal, can you walk us through what our farmers are experiencing as well as what that means for Deere in the back half of the year?
Josh Beal: Yes. Sure thing, Josh. Trade uncertainty is having an impact on customer sentiment, creating a headwind for the market. However, crop prices have generally stabilized, albeit at lower profitability levels due to tight stocks driven by better-than-expected consumption and lower-than-expected crop production. Notably, excluding China stock, global grain and oilseed stocks-to-use ratios are roughly at 20-year lows. Additionally, input costs have fallen for a third consecutive year, though they remain above long-term averages. Finally, nearly 75% of the $10 billion in direct U.S. government payments under the emergency commodity assistance program have been distributed, providing American farmers with liquidity following a challenging 2024, 2025 crop year. And so when excluding tariffs, we've seen some stabilization in the North American Ag market, which offers some reassurance should uncertainty levels abate over the course of the year.
Josh Jepsen: It's also worth noting that as we saw with the trade deal announced last week with the U.K., Ag commodities and egg-based energy are at the forefront of the U.S. administration's trade policy agenda. Additional demand and market access for U.S. producers is positive and incremental demand may drive improved prices based on the tight stocks to use ratios that Josh mentioned.
John May: Good point, Josh. Shifting to global markets, we are continuing to see early signs of sentiment shift in South America as Brazilian farmers benefit from improved corn and soybean profitability as crop yields recover amid a weakened real. While European markets remain at sub trough levels. We're seeing some green shoots in that region as well. European growers are seeing stability in wheat prices which, along with a return to trend yields, should support a recovery in key arable crop markets alongside an already strong dairy and livestock segment. Turning to order books. Availability for both North American produced large tractors and European-produced mid tractors as into October. And in Brazil, our order books are full through the third quarter. It's worth noting that we have less order visibility in turf equipment and compact utility tractors. The reduction in our small Ag and turf guide embeds lower demand in these markets, driven by weaker consumer confidence.
Josh Beal: Perfect. Thanks, Josh. Shifting to inventory. Can you unpack what we're seeing over the last quarter for both new and used?
John May: Yes, absolutely. The current focus for Deere is centered on used inventory in North America as actions we took over the prior 18 months helped to right-size new inventory levels in the U.S. and globally. For example, in North America, our new inventory for tractors above 220-horsepower is down over 40% year-over-year on a unit basis, while new combines are down nearly 25%. The story is a little bit different for used inventory or a higher-than-normal mix of late-model year tractors continues to persist in the North American market. While Deere used high horsepower tractors were up slightly quarter-over-quarter, it's important to call out the seasonal build in use that occurs as pre-planting deliveries of new equipment to drive a higher level of trade in. Despite the seasonal increase, we feel confident in our plan to reduce use tracker inventories. As we've seen the impact of similar actions, reduced combined inventory by nearly double digits year-over-year to below the 10-year average. Notably in Combine, late-model year equipment has declined more significantly than other vintages, helping return used combines to a more normal distribution of equipment age. Through increased contributions to full funds for dealer development new financing options that support customer purchases and make incentive dollars go further and our dealer network working with every customer to understand their individual needs for executing our plan to drive down used inventories.
John May: Yes, this is John. It's worth emphasizing that we are tightly aligned with our channel and our focus on rightsizing that secondary market that Josh referred to. We have the best dealers in the industry. And together, we're taking the actions needed to bring down tractor inventories, I'm confident that our approach will yield results and I'm appreciative of our dealers for their support in this effort. .
Josh Beal: Thanks, John and Josh. Continuing with large Ag. 2025 represents a major milestone in our tech journey, as we not only announced the commercialization of autonomous tillage in Model year '26, but we're also lapping the first year cohort of tech offerings like See & Spray and Precision Essentials. Can you give us an update on the latest progress across our Precision Ag Solutions?
Josh Rohleder: Absolutely, Josh, and I think it's important to frame this across 3 areas: capabilities, adoption and utilization. I'll start with capabilities, which is a part of this tech journey that we don't speak about enough and is underappreciated in terms of its importance. Capabilities of the foundational building blocks, primarily internal [indiscernible] and our dealers that ensure our customers are maximizing the value of our technology in a seamless and easy-to-access manner. We've been investing in these capabilities for the last several years and are now beginning to see their benefits come to fruition. For example, we've implemented and scaled a license management system integrated with the John Deere operations center to handle hundreds of thousands of licenses enhancing the customer experience for purchasing and renewing solutions. We've also built out a customer success function that helps ensure our customers are getting the most out of our technologies. For example, this spring season, we're using automated intervention to ensure that customers are realizing the full value of See & Spray in the field. Our channels aligned with us in this work as our dealers are also investing in capabilities through connected support and precision Ag specialist roles that support customers as we integrate new solutions and technologies into their operation. These capabilities are a foundational platform that will continue to build as we progress on our smart industrial journey. Turning to adoption. We're seeing continued growth in customers choosing Precision Tech as we expand our suite of offerings and bring them to more geographies across the globe. Furthermore, for many of these technologies, our Solutions as a Service business model makes tech more affordable, accessible and adaptable for our customers, a perfect example is Precision Essentials. In 2025, we're seeing greater adoption as we expand the solution to additional markets. In fact, in the first half of this fiscal year, we've already received nearly 10,000 orders globally, exceeding the entire fiscal 2024 order count in just 6 months. Brazil alone accounts for over 3,500 of those 2025 orders, and we're seeing strong order activity in North America and Europe as well. Going forward, success for this and other subscription-based technologies will depend heavily on our ability to drive license renewals year-over-year. 2025 marks our first year of renewals for the 2024 Precision Essentials cohort, where we have a year one goal of 70% renewal. Nearly 2/3 of eligible machines have renewed thus far, and we expect that to increase as we continue to engage with our customers in the renewal process. Finally, the best way to enable technology growth is through utilization. Continued growth in the number of acres covered by Deere's precision offerings is the best indicator that customers are seeing value in the technology and will continue to use it season after season. We're encouraged by the momentum we're seeing in the utilization of See & Spray. As you'll recall, in 2024, we had a few hundred See & Spray units running in North America with those units ultimately covering 1 million acres during last year per spraying season. In 2025, we have over 1,000 new orders for See & Spray, which significantly increases the population of machines that we'll be running this year. It's worth highlighting for the customers that ran See & Spray in 2024 and -- we're seeing greater utilization on the same machines in the 2025 season, and those same customers have invested in more See & Spray units this year. Effectively, what we're seeing is a compounding effect. More units with more utilization across more farms. The combination of capabilities, adoption and utilization is continuing to drive more depth and breadth of engagement with Deere precision technologies across the world. Digital engagement is a great proof point for this, represented by the utilization growth we're seeing in the John Deere Operations Center. Year-over-year, engaged Acres grew by nearly 15% to just over 475 million acres while highly engaged acres grew by over 25%, now represent nearly 30% of total engaged acres. We are encouraged by the trend lines we're seeing as these numbers validate not only the effectiveness of our technology but also the strategy by which we are bringing them to market.
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen. One point to add here, which we increasingly talk about is the opportunity to extend these technologies to our Brazilian customers who are, in many cases, just beginning their tech journey. In fact, earlier this month, we had our largest product introduction to date at Brazil's Agrishow. Given this immense opportunity and our commitment to investing in Brazil for Brazil, we are also excited to announce our Brazil Investor Day on June 10 in Indaiatuba at our recently opened R&D center. As we celebrate our 25th anniversary in Brazil, our live stream event will showcase the incredible opportunity that exists along with the strong foundation we have built over the past quarter of century, which uniquely positions us to drive differentiated value and sustainable growth for our customers and Deere. Additional information can be found in the quarter's presentation and on our website.
Josh Beal: Really exciting news, Josh. Shifting now to our last topic. I'd like to walk through our capital allocation strategy. Josh Jepsen, given the market volatility and uncertainty, what can you share about the actions we're taking to ensure we can support both customers and shareholders during this time?
Josh Jepsen: Our use of cash policy remains the same. It starts with maintaining a mid-single A or better credit rating to ensure John Deere financial can continue to provide customers with cost-effective financing. This is even more important in the current environment when many financial institutions are less willing to participate in the Ag space. Our next priority is investing in the business. By focusing on value-accretive projects and solutions at all points in the cycle, we're able to exit downturns with a strong pipeline to deliver growth and competitive differentiation, ultimately by driving more value for our customers, we can drive more value for our shareholders, which will distribute via dividends and share repurchases. All this is predicated on prudent cash management for the business and even more so during periods of heightened market volatility. And as we have in the past, we've taken steps to solidify our balance sheet and bolster liquidity. I'm confident in our use of cash policy and ability to proactively plan and strategically execute in any market environment.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Josh. Great update. And before we open up the line to questions, do you have any final comments you'd like to share?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Josh. The second quarter highlighted strong execution across the organization, and I'm proud of what the team has accomplished and the resiliency demonstrated in the face of significant uncertainty. We responded with measured actions to deliver optimal long-term outcomes for all stakeholders. Our near-term plan is focused on how we navigate the cycle. The actions we've taken continue to yield results and position us well for the future and we're encouraged by the customer value, our long-term strategy is generating. Customers are choosing our production system offerings because they understand the outcomes the Deere solution provides. We're excited by the opportunities to expand our technology across business units and product lines, leveraging our investments in one business to drive returns and others. We'll continue to explore and invest in opportunities, both organic and inorganic that provide strong returns for our customers and Deere. In closing, we're committed to our customers and focus squarely on driving long-term value for them as we look to mitigate disruptions and volatility in their day-to-day operations. We take seriously the trust our customers place in Deere to ensure they can execute their work and to do so -- and to do so, we hold ourselves to the highest standards to ensure we can deliver on our promise of providing the highest quality machines, most value-enhancing technologies and best customer service and support in the industry.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Josh. Let's open it up to questions from our investors. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.
Rob Wertheimer: I'd like to start out with a strategic question because I thought your comments on the SaaS and the adoption on the continued rollout on See & Spray really interesting. Can you kind of talk about how many different SaaS models you kind of have currently? I'm not sure I understand fully what the precision essential cohort -- product line is? And then what does the pipeline look like for that? We obviously all understand the long-term goals. I don't know if you have a bunch of features that you're kind of rolling out this year, next year, the year after and how many different offerings you're doing in that fast world now? I know you've worked hard on getting farmers to sort of see the value of it. I'm curious about your progress.
Josh Rohleder: Rob, thanks for the question. I can start off. I mean I think as you think about our SaaS offerings, it's fair to put them in really 3 buckets. First, think about precision digital technologies, things like precision Ag essentials, things like our G5 licenses, many of those are the foundational pieces of the tech stack. So precision essentials again is those core elements of precision, the connectivity guidance on onboard compute that for Precision Essentials, we were offering a much lower upfront cost and then an annual license depending on the level of precision that you have. So Precision Technologies -- Precision is kind of foundational digital elements and one. The second one, I think you can broadly call is like [indiscernible] technologies, things like See & Spray, which are usage-based depending on the savings that you're seeing in the field. Things like exact shot. I mean the third, which is forthcoming will be as we progress towards autonomy, again, with the goal of fleet autonomous corn production system by the end of 2030, you'll see many of those autonomous solutions as a SaaS model as well.
Josh Jepsen: Rob, it's Josh Jepsen. And I think one thing to add too is today, a lot of those are based on the given solution, a single solution that we have. I think increasingly, as we progress and as we drive outcomes and utilization, I think you'll see some of those come together more in bundles to make that easier from a customer perspective and thinking about how do they do their jobs across the production system, so not just on a given machine but across multiple. So I think that will evolve. I think we're very early in that stage, but I think that will give us opportunities to demonstrate the value that we see that comes from an integrated production system. So from preparing the land, all the way through harvest and then leveraging the data across that, that we can provide and demonstrate that value in a different way but early today from where we are.
John May: Rob, you had asked about the pipeline too. So maybe just real quick on that. I mean it's -- think about that in terms of both expanding on additional expanding on current foundational platforms. When we think of See & Spray like a platform, today, we're in corn, soy, cotton in North America, we have the ability over time to expand that different crop types, expand that to different geographies as well. Autonomy as it begins to develop and roll out over the next few years, you saw in CES has taken that autonomous platform beyond large Ag to commercial Boeing, so orchards to construction. And then it's in the ability to continue to build on the digital side as well, both in expanding the production systems. We mentioned that this call where we've taken the op center and brought that to road building as well. So it's a combination of building our platforms, expanding their capabilities into different production systems and geographies as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Thein with Raymond James.
Tim Thein: The question is on the implied profitability in the second half for the PPA segment and basically how we should be or shouldn't be viewing that in the context of kind of a stepping off point heading into '26? And if I add back I think, call it, $100 million is what you outlined in terms of the tariff impact for that segment. You would imply decrementals of going to like 80% in the back half versus, I think, something like the mid-30s in the first half. So I know that the comparisons get skewed because of just the base of the numbers, especially in the fourth quarter when I assume you're expecting the growing revenues. But maybe, Josh Jepsen just a comment there in terms of what we should be thinking about in terms of the key kind of elements in that implied profitability in the second half?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Tim. I would say there's a few things at play there. I mean, certainly, the tariff impact, which you described, which is impactful, given what we see there. I think you also have a mix impact there, North American large Ag being down, the industry being down where it is, even producing to retail at a much lower level, is impactful as it relates to the decremental. And then I think on top of that, while price is favorable, it's favorable to a less extent than a year ago. So those things, I think, stacked on top of each other, drive the vast majority of that decremental. And as you noted, a smaller change on the top line, just creates the denominator in that math, pushes those numbers a bit higher than what you traditionally see.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Truist Securities.
Jamie Cook: I guess my first question -- or my question is just your -- the world we're in with tariffs, et cetera. Your approach as we enter in 2026 in terms of the early order program, whether there'll be any change there in pricing? And then I guess, Josh, typically, for Deere, if we enter a year with flat sales, but we're producing in line with retail demand that generally means Deere can manufacture earnings growth. Do you still see that as potential or should we be less optimistic about your ability to fully offset tariffs and looking out into 2026?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Jamie. I mean, first, starting with early order programs, and those programs are just getting underway. In fact, we just launched Sprayers yesterday and Planters will be forthcoming at the beginning of June. Yes, you're right. I mean, the structure of the early order programs will be similar to the past. They will occur in phases over the next several months. I think the beauty of that structure, particularly in an uncertain environment is it gives us some price flexibility phase-by-phase as we see this ever-changing tariff environment play out. And so we do have structured some optionality in those programs, optionality to wait as we think about the price and discount structure for upcoming phases as tariffs evolve over the next few months. So we've got that built-in. As you think about what that means for next year and building in line with retail, the point I would make is, and we mentioned this in our comments, we've done a lot of work last year, and then that continued in the first half of this year in some select geographies to get new inventory to a very, very low level, candidly. We talked about the work we did last year in the U.S. U.S. is in line with retail this year. Combines in South America, we had a little more underproduction to do in the first half of '25. That's complete now. In fact, the back half of this year in Brazil will actually build a little bit of seasonal inventory as we go into the spring selling season in the region. And then in Europe as well, we mentioned some green shoots there. Our plan now with mid tractors in Europe is the build in line with retail, given some of the pickup there. So we feel really good about our new inventories are positioned and that positions us well to be in line with retail in '26 as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI.
David Raso: I just wanted to dig into the second half large Ag margins again. Just so we understand a bit the -- again, the implied decrementals are -- for the whole second half, don't worry about third and fourth quarter, just in aggregate, just seem to be particularly weak. And I'm just making sure I understand, is this pricing that we're price protecting the backlog with retail invoices and that's sort of the pain point. But I would have thought you would have baked that into the $100 million number, right, the 25% of the back half of the year, $400 million total tariff hit. I'm just making sure I understand why the margins would be that low in the second half of the year? It seems -- it just strikes me as very conservative. And at the same time, I don't want to be thinking about '26 that that's really an appropriate low starting point. Just making sure the mix being -- the mix should not be that different than what we've seen already. So I apologize to sort of be the dead horse a little bit. But can you help us understand why the margins are that soft in the second half? It just strikes me as very conservative.
Josh Jepsen: Dave, I'll walk you through a couple of things here. I mean, I think if you think about first and foremost, the impact of tariffs, as we said, it is $500 million for the full year, incurred $100 million in the second quarter, it's about $400 million the rest of the year. The full year impact of the equipment operations for those -- for that tariff impact of 5 -- $500 million is about 1 point to 1.5 points. But again, being so back-end loaded in the back half margins, that's 2 to 2.5 points in the back half. So if you account for that, first and foremost, that's a pretty big lift. The decremental math, candidly, gets a little bit funny just because the change in sales is relatively small year-over-year as you look at the second half of '25 versus the second half of '24. So these changes, these tariff impacts have an outsized impact on the decremental math, just given the smaller denominator from a sales change. As we mentioned, a little bit less price in the back half as we think about that, a little bit less material favorability. It was really, really strong in the front half of the year, and that pulls back a bit in the back half. We expect production costs, ex tariffs, they continue to be positive. They will be positive for the full year, but to a lesser extent in the back half. So I think between all those elements, Dave, I think that's what's driving a little bit of the compare there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich : And congratulations on the strong quarter. I'm wondering if you just revisit just philosophically, the price cost conversation and revisit the prepared remarks, I mean historically, you folks have pushed pricing ahead of inflation with value. And so you had mentioned for '26 list prices are under review to see if that can continue. Can you just expand on that because your competitors are facing the same worse cost pressures than you and you folks have a really strong track record of pushing through inflation in all forms? So can you just talk about is there any scenario under which you might be price tariff cost negative in '26?
Josh Jepsen: Jerry, it's Josh Jepsen. I guess I would start and maybe reiterate a little bit of what I said earlier. I think one of the unique components that we face today is just coming through a period of significant inflation. I think we're very mindful of how much price has been pushed through the system as an industry over, call it, the last 4 or 5 years. And as a result, I think very mindful of what do we do here as we go forward given where the industry sits today. So do we believe we'll get price? Yes. This year, we're doing about a point of price in a challenged market. If we look at in production precision Ag, some of the early order programs that are out there with prices, we're in the low single-digit range, 2% to 4% price. And as Josh Beal mentioned, we'll continue to evaluate those as we go forward. But we think that's reasonable. We're trying to take a measured approach there as we think about not only the customer dynamics, but what does it mean from a margin perspective as we march forward. At the same time, we're going to continue to put more and more effort into not only mitigation efforts, but what are we doing on production costs, whether that's material cost, logistics cost, overheads, which have been favorable thus far this year. We're going to keep pressing on those things, which we have control over. So too early, I think, to predict exactly what '26 looks like. I think we've got a lot of actions that we can take but definitely trying to be measured and mindful from a price perspective for customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard with Bernstein.
Chad Dillard: So I guess just to kind of continue with that tariff conversation, just trying to think through how you guys are thinking about sharing the tariff cost across all the constituents, with the vendors, yourselves, dealers, customers, just given that your farmers have seen a lot of price increase over the last like several years? I'm sure it's like some combination of all the above, but just love to get a sense of just full thought of approach?
John May: Yes. Thanks, Chad. I mean I think first and foremost, and we've mentioned this, but it's certainly underscoring the dynamic environment. And through all of this, we're trying to understand what the levels are going to be. And again, as we've seen in the last 3 or 4 days, that can change pretty quickly. And so I think, first and foremost, just reaffirming, we're taking a measured approach in all of this a measured approach in terms of the decisions that we make, how quickly we react just because it's changing so quickly. So with that as a backdrop, certainly, as Josh Jepsen had mentioned, we're going to take price. You've seen that in the actions taken thus far on early order programs, again, ranging from 2% to 4%. And the programs that are out there thus far. And as I mentioned, we've got some optionality in those phases of the earlier programs to adjust as the environment potentially could change as well. As it relates to sourcing, we certainly work with our suppliers to make sure we're equally sharing what we're seeing. And at the same time, we're continually looking for the best cost options. We do that in a tariff environment and not in a tariff environment, and that's just a continual good practice good hygiene that we have to look for those lowest cost options. We've done a lot of work over the last several years in terms of dual sourcing in terms of supplier resiliency. Those efforts are still very much in play right now as the environment changes. So it's a combination of all the above. And I think short answer is it will be sharing across all those stakeholders with the actions that we mentioned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer.
Kristen Owen: I wanted to come back to your used inventory comments in your prepared remarks. And just get a sense of velocity of movement of that used equipment. You did note some of the ECAP dollars that have started to flow. And how you're thinking about -- how that could influence your net pricing capability, whether that's in the back half or as we get into 2026? Just that influence of the used market would be very helpful.
Josh Rohleder: Yes, Kris, thanks for the question. As we mentioned in the used market in North America, really have seen good progress on combines over the last year. So the focus here is really around high horsepower tractors in North America. And what we've seen in that segment is some stabilization. The year-over-year increases in horsepower used are mitigating -- are moderating, I should say, we saw some seasonal build in the quarter. I think we did see a little bit of a slowdown just over the last 3 or 4 weeks of April, just given the volatility in the market. But I think pace to your question, Kristen, is still a bit unknown, and there's a lot of factors in play. There's some stability in Ag fundamentals, albeit at lower levels. You mentioned the economic system that's coming through. We view that as a good thing for our customers. And again, we're continuing to put those ingredients in place, keeping new inventories low as well as pool funds that are supporting our dealers as they work on the used market. So very mindful of the pace. It's very much a focus area, and we'll see how plays out over the back half of the year.
Josh Jepsen: Kristen, maybe a slightly different way to answer that is, I think there's an underlying question of kind of what unlocks the Ag cycle in North America. And I think used is one part of that. As we can move and work through some of that use, I think that's certainly helpful. I think having a farm bill in place would provide some certainty for our customers, which would be supportive. And then I think there's -- given where stocks to use are, there's a few things that could drive some upside, whether that's trade deals that we talked about, like I mentioned with the U.K. that are driving Ag commodities and Ag energy year around E15 as we think about demand for ethanol. And then certainly, there's always weather impacts that can be impactful. So I think use is important, certainly, and I think there are a couple of other things that we could see that if occurred, could drive a little bit of a turn in the shape of the cycle where we're at.
Josh Beal: We have time for one more question?
Operator: Our last question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Just slid in there. Maybe I'm just going to tug at this thread around tariffs one more way. Is it your ultimate goal to price so that you protect margin -- or is it your ultimate goal to sort of cover the dollars that tariffs might sort of add to your P&L instead?
Josh Jepsen: Steve, this is Josh Jepsen. It's a great question. We -- and this is something we have worked through and wrestled with and when we saw some of the inflationary pressures really over the last 5-plus years. I mean ultimately, the goal would be to find ways to protect margin, and that's not just price. That's what we're doing from a cost structure perspective how we can add value. Now I think saying that, that's there's multiple pieces of that and the time lines of those probably vary a little bit. But I think overall, the view is we want to protect margin both through activities on cost as well as what we do from a price realization perspective.
Josh Beal: That's all the time that we have for today. We appreciate everyone's time, and thanks for joining us on our call. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2025 Q1  (2025-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Beal, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Beal: Hello. Welcome, and thank you for joining us on today's call. Joining me on the call today are Josh Jepsen, Chief Financial Officer, and Josh Rohleder, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2025. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at deere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the company's plans and projections for the future, which are subject to uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances, and other factors that are difficult to predict. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-Ks and Risk Factors in the annual Form 10-K, as updated by reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at deere.com/earnings under quarterly earnings and events. I will now turn the call over to Josh Rohleder.
Josh Rohleder: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Deere & Company completed the first quarter with a 7.7% margin for the equipment. Global ag fundamentals generally improved this quarter. However, demand remains constrained by overall uncertainty in the market, which has continued to put pressure on order velocities, particularly in North America. Our fiscal 2025 ag outlook remains largely unchanged from prior guidance when excluding the impacts of currency movement over the past quarter. Notably, shipping volumes were lower in the quarter versus expectations as we calibrated full-year production schedules, billed as efficiently as possible. As a result, we expect to recover the first quarter shortfall over the remainder of the year. In construction and forestry, end market fundamentals remain supportive of replacement demand, albeit dampened by elevated interest rates, macro uncertainty, and a competitive environment planned underproduction. Our earthmoving segment during the first quarter showed further reductions in field inventory levels, enabling production optionality as market demand develops over the course of the year. Slide three opens with results for the first quarter. Net sales and revenues were down 30% to $8.508 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were down 35% to $6.809 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $869 million, or $3.19 per diluted share, which included $163 million of discrete tax benefits related to special items. Turning to our individual segments, we begin with the production and precision ag business on slide four. Net sales of $3.067 billion were down 37% compared to the first quarter last year, primarily due to lower shipment volumes. Price realization was positive, by just over one point. Currency translation was negative, by roughly two and a half points. Operating profit was $338 million, resulting in an 11% operating margin for each segment. The year-over-year decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes and sales mix, partially offset by lower SG&A and R&D expenses and reduced production costs. Moving on to small ag and turf on slide five. Net sales were down 28%, totaling $1.748 billion in the first quarter as a result of lower shipment volumes. Price realization was positive, by just under one point. Currency translation was negative, by just under one point as well. Operating profit declined year over year to $124 million, resulting in a 7.1% operating margin. The decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes and sales mix, partially offset by lower production costs. Slide six gives our industry outlook for ag and turf markets globally. We continue to expect large ag equipment industry sales in the US and Canada to be down approximately 30% as higher interest rates, macro uncertainty, and elevated used inventory levels are slightly tempered by improving ag fundamentals and expectations for farm net income, which is further bolstered by additional government support. For small ag and turf in the US and Canada, industry demand estimates remain down around 10%. The dairy and livestock segment remains at strong levels of profitability despite reaching the lowest level of cattle inventory in over seventy years. However, profitability in these segments has not yet translated into equipment purchases. US and Canada demand has been further impacted by continued weakness in turf compact utility tractors as high interest rates weigh on purchase decisions. Moving to Europe, the industry is now projected to decline around 5%. Farm fundamentals have stabilized, albeit down, with less volatile commodity prices and stronger dairy margins offsetting macro uncertainty. Additionally, in Central and Eastern Europe, reduced pressure from Ukrainian grain imports is supporting better than expected farm net incomes. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are expected to be roughly flat following two years of significant industry declines. In Brazil, sentiment is showing signs of improvement as depreciation in the real has pushed local commodity prices higher amidst a year of stronger yields. Along with softening input costs, farm margins are expected to improve. Additionally, declining production, tight global stocks, and strong demand have driven outsized profitability in coffee bean production, supporting equipment demand for small and midsize tractors. In Argentina, decreased currency risks and export tax reductions support some improvements in farm margins despite negative impacts of dryness at the beginning of the year. Industry sales in Asia are still projected to be down slightly.
Josh Beal: Next, segment forecast begins on slide seven. For production precision ag, net sales are now forecasted to be down between 15% and 20% for the full year. The forecast assumes roughly one point of positive price realization for the full year offset by two and a half points of negative currency impact. The reduction to our sales guide from the prior quarter is primarily driven by the strengthening of the dollar relative to nearly all foreign currencies, most notably the Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, and euro. For the segment's operating margin, our full-year guide forecast is now between 16% and 17%, also reflecting the impacts of currency fluctuations. Slide eight shows our forecast for the small ag and turf segment. We expect net sales to remain down around 10%. This guide now includes a half point of positive price realization and one and a half points of negative currency translation. The segment's operating margin guide remains between 13% and 14%. Shifting now to construction and forestry on slide nine. Net sales for the quarter declined roughly 38% year over year to $1.994 billion due to lower shipment volumes. Price realization was negative, roughly one point. Currency translation was also negative, by more than one point. Operating profit of $65 million was down year over year, resulting in a 3.3% operating margin, primarily due to lower shipment volumes and sales mix as well as unfavorable price realization and higher SG&A and R&D expenses. Lower shipment volumes were primarily due to planned underproduction to retail in the quarter as we reduced field inventory levels in our earthmoving segment. Slide ten describes our construction and forestry industry outlook. Industry sales for earthmoving equipment in the US and Canada are expected to be down around 10%, while compact construction equipment in the US and Canada is expected to be down 5%. End markets remain sequentially unchanged in 2025, with equipment demand tempered by uncertainty across both construction and compact construction equipment. US government infrastructure spending remains at historically high levels, while single-family housing starts continue to increase as a result of low levels of existing home inventory. These tailwinds are offset by subdued multifamily housing starts and a softening commercial real estate market as high interest rates continue to weigh on overall investment. Additionally, earthmoving rental reflating remains at low levels. Global forestry markets are expected to be flat to down 5% as all global markets continue to be challenged. Global road building markets are forecasted to be roughly flat with strong end-market demand persisting amid a return to more normal ordering seasonality. Moving to the CNF, showing an outlook on slide eleven. For 2025, net sales remain forecasted down between 10% and 15%. Net sales guidance for the year includes flat net price realization and one and a half points of negative currency translation. The segment's operating margin continues to be projected between 11.5% and 12.5%. Now transitioning to our financial services operations on slide twelve. Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the first quarter was $230 million. Net income was favorably impacted by a decreased valuation allowance on assets held for sale of Banco John Deere. Note that Deere completed this transaction with Bradesco for the sale of 50% ownership in Banco John Deere subsequent to the quarter in February. Excluding this special item, net income decreased due to a higher provision for credit losses, partially offset by lower SG&A expenses. For fiscal year 2025, our outlook remains at $750 million as benefits from a lower provision for credit losses are partially offset by less favorable financing spreads. Finally, slide thirteen outlines our guidance for net income, effective tax rate, and operating cash flow. For fiscal year 2025, our outlook for net income remains between $5 billion and $5.5 billion. Next, our guidance now incorporates an effective tax rate between 20% and 22%. Lastly, cash flow from the equipment operations remains projected between $4.5 billion and $5.5 billion. Note that during the quarter, we made a voluntary 401(h) contribution of $520 million to fund our salaried post-retirement health care plan. This will impact our cash flows for the full year; however, our guidance range remains unchanged. This concludes our formal comments. We will now shift to a few topics specific to the quarter. Let's begin with Deere's performance this quarter. We saw net sales decline roughly 35% year over year and margins come in just under 8%, but we held the majority of our guides for the full year, notably net income. Josh Jepsen, could you break down what happened this quarter and then walk through what this means for the rest of the year?
Josh Jepsen: Sure. Happy to. I think it's important to start with a few thoughts on what our plans were for the quarter. In North America large ag, our focus was continuing to work down used inventory levels while returning to normal production and shipment seasonality, albeit at lower volumes this year due to the projected industry decline. In Brazil, we targeted further reduction in combined field inventory, which was the one product line where we still had a little more underproduction to follow the significant inventory declines we achieved across all product lines in 2024. Lastly, in construction and forestry, recall that our plan was to shut down North American earthmoving production for roughly half the first quarter, significantly underproducing retail demand and positioning our field inventories well for the remainder of the fiscal year. We feel great about the progress that we made across all three fronts. The plans that we executed, while contributing to the 35% year-over-year decline in sales that you mentioned, reflect our ongoing focus on proactively managing our business through this downturn. There were a few variances this quarter that caused sales to decline slightly more than we had anticipated, specifically the timing of shipments and currency translation. Within our ag and turf divisions, we saw the timing of certain product deliveries get pushed out into the second and third quarters as we work to optimize schedules for the full year. Similarly, in road building, a shift to more normal seasonality in that industry pushed some shipments into future quarters. As a result, we expect to see these sales occur across the remainder of the year for all three divisions. Regarding currency, over the quarter, we saw mid-single-digit strengthening of the dollar against nearly all our foreign currency exposure, which lowered our top-line results, particularly in production and precision ag, due to the translation impact on non-US dollar sales. The currency impact on operating profit was relatively minimal in the quarter due to currency hedges. For the full year, the reduction in both our net sales and operating profit guides for large ag are primarily driven by currency changes as we extend the impact of the stronger US dollar to the rest of our projections, including our unhedged currency exposure in the latter quarters of the year. Shifting to cost management, we had a relatively strong quarter. In both of our ag and turf segments, we saw favorable production costs primarily due to reduced material costs and muted overhead headwinds. Additionally, lower SG&A expenses this quarter reflect our focus and commitment to operational efficiency throughout the business. Turning to the full-year guide, our market demand outlook remains relatively unchanged this quarter. Outside of the FX impacts that moved our PPA guide slightly lower, this quarter was really a story of continued production and inventory management. One last item of note, we did benefit from a favorable tax rate this quarter, resulting from two non-repeating discrete items totaling $163 million. Therefore, when netted against the negative currency impacts and other quarterly items, our full-year net income forecast remains unchanged from our original 2025 guide.
Josh Beal: Great. Thanks for that breakdown, Josh. So overall, it was really a quiet quarter once you back out the timing, FX, and tax items. I guess moving then to the broader ag industry, I'd like to talk through Farm Fundamentals. The USDA just updated their 2025 forecast for net cash farm income. While US net cash farm income is now forecasted to be up 22% year over year, crop cash receipts are still expected to fall 2% driven by lower commodity prices. The difference then would be the significant government support expected for farmers this year. Obviously, it's still early in the year, but this seems to be a somewhat positive proof point for our customers following a tough 2024. Can you add any additional color to what this means for farmers and equipment demand over the rest of the year?
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Sure thing, Josh. And clearly a positive headline with the forecast up year over year. It's important to break down how we get to that point. There are a number of positive data points this quarter, keeping in mind this is all within the context of a trough level outlook for 2025. For starters, the recent rally in commodity prices has been fueled by both cuts in last season's US yield forecast along with dryness in South America. Additionally, the USDA forecast for global ending stocks of corn, soy, and wheat declined over 10% during the quarter as stocks-to-use retreated. This provides some benefit for our customers as they market last year's strong harvest. On the input side, farmers are continuing to see a decline in input costs for the third consecutive year. Further tailwinds this quarter came via $10 billion in additional US support for farmers as you noted. This assistance will offset some of the margin decline farmers saw in 2024, while potentially helping to relieve concerns around macro risk and high interest rates. But ultimately, we don't expect this to translate into immediate order velocity as general uncertainty continues to persist and customers remain cautious across all markets.
Josh Beal: Hey. This is Josh Jepsen. So I think the takeaway here is the additional support from government payments will help buffer downside risk to farmers' balance sheets as well as the overall industry outlook following a multiyear decline in both farm net income and industry equipment demand.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Definitely, Josh. And if we look globally, Brazil is another geography where farmer sentiment continues to improve. Currency movement has been favorable as a weakening real helps improve farm net incomes in the country. This is because commodity sales are primarily US dollar denominated while typically around half of producer costs are in local currency. It's still too early to call a market shift there as we've yet to see the sentiment convert to a meaningful change in order velocity, but it's a positive sign nonetheless. Finally, turning to Europe, the continued favorability we've seen in dairy and livestock is now supported by moderately better wheat prices and slightly lower input costs. While markets overall remain contracted and pressured by lower yields and macro uncertainty, we've seen this improved sentiment translate to further stabilization in our order books.
Josh Beal: Perfect. Thanks, Josh. Clearly a dynamic global market, but overall sentiment seems to be improving a tinge. Given this macro, this market backdrop, can you update us on the business and how we're managing through inventories and order books?
Josh Jepsen: Absolutely. As we discussed earlier, this quarter has really been about executing the plan as we continue to manage through the downturn. Our setup entering 2025 was solid as the underproduction of retail that we executed last year drove down field inventories and positioned us well across the globe for another challenging year in terms of end market demand. As we walk around the world, let's start in North America. On the new inventory side, we ended the calendar year with large ag field inventory down 25% year over year and roughly 15% below pre-2020 averages. In fact, we saw our 220 horsepower tractor inventory decline by nearly twice as much as the industry the past year, allowing us, in partnership with our dealers, to continue our focus on reducing used tractor inventory. The industry backdrop remains challenged, and we continue to expect demand declines across all large ag product lines in North America. Our combine early order program closed a couple of weeks ago, and compared to last year's EOP, was down more than our industry guide. Additionally, our rolling tractor order books continue to provide roughly five months of visibility as they're now full late into our fiscal third quarter. As a result, we are targeting to finish the year with new inventory in the US roughly unchanged year over year, reflecting our plan to produce in line with retail demand in the region. Shifting our focus to North American used equipment, we're starting to see early proof points supporting the operational and marketing decisions we've made over the past quarters. Here, high horsepower tractor used inventory peaked in November, and we've since seen two consecutive months of moderate unit declines along with compression in auction to asking price spreads. Notably, we've also seen two consecutive quarters of improvement in the percentage of late model equipment that makes up Deere's used high horsepower tractor population. Deere combine used inventory was up this quarter in line with normal seasonal build, but down over 10% from the recent peak in spring 2024 and is currently sitting at around 60% of the prior cycle peak. While progress has been made, normalizing used inventory levels in North America, particularly in high horsepower tractors, remains a top priority for the fiscal year.
Josh Beal: This is Josh Jepsen. Maybe one thing to add. I spent time last week with our dealer principals from the US, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. We have a high level of alignment and focus on reducing used inventories, and they feel confident in how we, collectively, Deere and dealers, have managed this downturn differently and note our more proactive response to get ahead of the market turning in 2024. This enables them to continue investing in their ability to support customers' needs today and tomorrow.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Josh. Great to hear that feedback from the channel. Now continuing outside the US, we're seeing some bright spots in Brazil as the work we put in last year to bring down inventory levels has also resulted in a return to production levels in line with the industry demand. As previously noted, the one exception is combines, where we had a little more work to do in the first half of this fiscal year. With the Brazilian harvest in January, the end of the calendar year is typically our strongest combine selling season. And to that end, we saw great progress on our combine inventory this quarter. The level is down over 25% in the past three months and down nearly two-thirds since the end of fiscal 2023. Along with improving customer sentiment in the region, our strategic focus on tech adoption has been met with strong customer interest. During the quarter, over 1,500 Precision Ag Essentials kits were ordered in Brazil, along with over 1,200 orders for JDLink Boost, our Starlink-supported satellite connectivity solution, which was just made fully available to the market for order a few weeks ago. We expect to see continued tech adoption in Brazil as connectivity expands within the region, and customers are able to maximize the value of John Deere's precision ag solutions and the John Deere Operations Center.
Josh Jepsen: Hey. This is Josh Jepsen again. One thing to add on top of the great progress Bill noted is our continued focus on investing in Brazil for Brazil. During the past quarter, we officially opened our technology development center in the country, which we announced last year. This space will enable us to develop and deliver solutions specifically suited for Brazil's tropical agriculture environment. We also continue to enhance both dealer and customer support in Brazil. Brazilian farmers are ramping up the horsepower curve while simultaneously integrating advanced technology and digital solutions into their operations. We recognize this and are committed to supporting them on this journey. A quarter ago, we discussed the growth in engaged acres and highly engaged acres in South America. The combination of the equipment, technology, and connectivity we're delivering will support further growth in these metrics and, more importantly, lead to better outcomes for our customers.
Josh Beal: Hey. Great call, Josh. Okay. Let's shift now to construction and forestry, which had a few unique aspects this quarter. As you mentioned earlier, we discussed the roughly 50% production shutdown days we had planned in earthmoving as we proactively work to reduce inventories and build order banks. Josh Jepsen, could you provide an update on how that turned out, along with any broader market commentary for the year?
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. No problem, Josh. As you rightly noted, our first quarter in C&F was all about right-sizing inventories to ensure strong execution throughout the remainder of the year. To that extent, we underproduced retail demand by approximately 35% in the first quarter, resulting in an earthmoving inventory reduction of more than 15% over the past three months and nearly 30% in the prior two quarters combined. In fact, this was more than we had initially anticipated as retail sales for compact construction were even better than expected at the end of the calendar year. We're encouraged by these results as they provide us with operational flexibility as earthmoving demand evolves throughout the remainder of the year. Turning to the broader industry, we remain focused on supporting sales in a highly competitive North America market. End markets remain strong with only around 50% of IIJA funds committed, and equipment utilization reflecting the fact that construction employment is at record levels and continuing to rise. However, equipment purchases remain constrained given macro uncertainty and persistently high interest rates. That said, we found success with selective incentive programs targeting specific products to drive sales. Our road building business continues to bolster the C&F segment as road building is experiencing another year of strong market demand. Tech investment and integration in this market continue to drive further customer value on top of an already robust value proposition. We are excited to showcase our latest innovations in road building at the upcoming Bauma Show in April. One final thought on the broader C&F segment. Headwinds from strong price competition and unfavorable currency impacts are putting pressure on sales. This has resulted in a point reduction to our net price realization forecast, although that negative margin impact is being offset by strong cost execution, leading to expectations for more favorable production costs this year than initially expected. It's important to note, however, that intra-year, we will see an atypical quarterly cadence as price actions taken in the first half of the year will moderate in the third and fourth quarters as we ramp production in the back half of the year.
Josh Beal: That's great color, Josh. Good insight on the unique seasonality of the business this year. Okay. Shifting gears now, the last topic I'd like to cover is tariffs. Obviously, a dynamic and rapidly evolving situation. What details can you provide on the issue, Josh?
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. I'd start by reinforcing the statement you made. The situation is certainly fluid, and we continue to monitor changes in policy as they occur. Teams across the organization are continually running potential scenarios to understand risks along with opportunities to mitigate these impacts. But our primary focus remains on understanding how proposed tariffs may impact our customers' operations as we recognize their need for free and fair trade in ag commodities. This allows them to concentrate on growing crops that feed, fuel, and clothe the world. We remain committed to delivering the products and solutions they need to be productive, as we've done for nearly two hundred years. Within Deere's business, first a reminder about our operational footprint. As you'll recall, we are a net exporter of ag and turf equipment from the US, and more than 75% of our domestic US sales are assembled at US manufacturing locations. Less than 5% of our US complete good sales come from Mexico, and of the remaining products produced outside the US, the majority come from Europe, notably our six series tractors. From an export perspective, over half of our exports serve our Canadian customers, with the remainder going to Europe, Brazil, and Australia. In terms of component sourcing, about 10% of our US manufacturing cost of goods sold come from Mexico, with less than 2% coming from China, and approximately 1% from Canada. For the last several years, our teams have focused diligently on both supplier resiliency and cost management. The actions taken by our supply management team in response to pandemic disruptions, such as dual sourcing and strengthening relationships with key suppliers, are prime examples of the step function change our organization has to build a more resilient and adaptable business. This group works to manage and optimize our global trade flows, which position us well to navigate the current environment. And given the rapidly evolving nature of these tariffs, our guide does not contemplate the direct cost or economic benefit impacts resulting from potential future tariffs. It is important to note, however, that our exposure to the recently enacted China tariffs is expected to have an immaterial amount on our business.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Josh. Great update. And before we open the line to questions, do you have any final comments you'd like to share?
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Certainly. The first quarter was reflective of the focus that we've maintained as a business despite significant internal pressures ranging from weak market demand, a more competitive environment, and macro uncertainty. Despite all the noise, we maintained discipline, executing to plan as we successfully brought down inventories while managing costs and operational expenses. We maintained our investment in the business, continued to yield results as evidenced by our recent successes in Brazil, our autonomous solution announcements at CES last month, and our upcoming product launches at Bauma in April. I'm as excited as ever about the value we're unlocking for our customers across the world. We also returned over $800 million in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter, reflecting the structural improvements we've made this cycle over the last few years. I want to reiterate my utmost thanks to our entire team here at Deere, from employees to dealers to suppliers. It takes dedication and hard work from every facet of the business to demonstrate this level of discipline. We'll continue to execute to plan as we manage throughout the rest of the year and across the cycle. We're as focused as ever on our steadfast commitment to our customers. We'll continue prioritizing investment in the most value-added solutions for them. We'll continue to expand our precision offerings across both product lines and geographies while ensuring we meet the basic needs of quality, uptime, and productivity for our customers.
Josh Beal: Our focus is on solving our customers' toughest problems so they can focus on what matters most: building critical infrastructure and growing the crops that feed, fuel, and clothe the world.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Josh. Now let's open it up to questions from our investors. We're now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If you need to withdraw, press star two. Our first question comes from Tim Thein from Raymond James.
Tim Thein: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just some help in terms of large ag production cadence given the push out that you call out for the first quarter. How do we think about kind of that normal seasonal ramp-up that you typically see in the second quarter and third quarter? Is that going to be more weighted to the third quarter than usual? And just as we think about kind of segmenting the remaining quarters, this would be a PPA question. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Hey, Tim. Thanks for the question. I mean, I think, yeah, as you think about large ag demand and, you know, shipping some of those shipments out to future years, it's still going to more or less follow normal seasonality, you know, for the business. You know, as we look at the second quarter, you know, it's still we'd anticipate being, you know, the highest quarter for us in terms of sales. You know, full-year guide for large ag being down 15% to 20%, you know, quarter over quarter, we'd expect that second quarter year over year comparing the last quarter or last year's quarter to be down more than the guide. So probably down more than the 15% to 20% that you're seeing in the full year. And that gets sequentially better as you go to Q3 and Q4 in terms of the year-over-year comps.
Josh Beal: Tim, this is Josh Jepsen. Maybe one thing I'd add too. You know, as you think about those sequences, you know, Bill laid out kind of how that plays out. I think for production precision ag as well as for the rest of our business, we would expect the fourth quarter where we're actually growing year over year, you know, because of some of the comps and actions we took, but we actually start to see increases year over year as we get to Q4 as well. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi, good morning, guys. Thank you. I'm curious. I think one of you, Josh, mentioned that the early order program was kind of below your industry forecast. And, obviously, we saw some pretty weak numbers from AEM yesterday. And I'm just curious how you're thinking about sort of having confidence in the bottoming process for the end market activity because, obviously, that'll drive what you need to do on the inventory side.
Josh Jepsen: Hey. Hey, Steve. Thanks for the question. And maybe, you know, I'll talk combines and then walk a little bit around the other product lines as well. Yeah. As you recall for North America, you know, our guide for the industry is down 30%. You kind of take product line by product line, you know, sprayer EOP came in pretty close to, you know, that industry guide. We're expecting tractors to be down a little bit less year over year. Row crop tractors. And then four-wheel-drive tractors will be a little bit more than the guide. And then as you mentioned, you know, given the results of the combine early order program, we'd expect that to be down a little more than the guide as well. So, you know, a way to get to that industry down 30%, but a little bit of difference, you know, by product line. Yeah. You know, as you saw in the quarter, this is consistent with the shipment timing that we talked about. You know, the EOP for combines is both a little more slowly this year than it has in prior years, and that resulted in a little bit lower ramp-up for us in terms of combine shipments in Q1. I think that's reflective of the inventory levels, you know, that you're seeing for us. We talk about 11% inventory to sales, you know, for combines as it pulls out the quarter, that's a little lower than normal and really reflective of some of those delayed shipments. You know, as you look to the full year, you know, I think what gives us confidence is, as you know, you know, the combine early order program typically represents, you know, 90% plus of what we're going to build in a year. So we have those orders locked in. It's just a matter of when we laid those in the schedules, and so, you know, pretty good visibility there. Again, it was just a timing issue in Q1.
Josh Beal: Steve, this is Josh Jepsen. Maybe one thing to add on the use side. Your combines, you know, we saw combines start to turn earlier, you know, July of 2024 was kind of where we saw the highest inventory level on combines, and that worked down over the course of the year. You know, we see a little bit of seasonal build there, but I think, you know, we were earlier on actions as it related to combines, and I feel good about the progress we're making to pull that down. Thank you.
Stephen Volkmann: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. I'm wondering if you could just expand on the comments that you shared on the Precision Ag update you gave us progress in Brazil. Can you just talk about globally expectations for Ag Essentials and Sense Sprayer kits for this year, what progress was like in the quarter, and also, if you wouldn't mind, just updating us on the engaged and highly engaged acres, if you have that.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Great. No. Thanks for the question, Jerry. Yeah. I mean, Precision Ag Essentials, which we think about as our tech stack, you know, Precision Ag Essentials is really the foundation of the tech stack. It's those core elements of guidance, of connectivity, high-powered onboard compute, and, you know, the bundle that we've created with Precision Ag Essentials, a lower cost, and an annual subscription, you know, for the benefit of that technology. Recall we introduced, you know, this package last year in 2024 in North America with really strong reception to that, you know, about 8,000 units that we retailed. The average age of the equipment that those units were being put on, you know, was 2012, so we were going deeper in the fleet in terms of connecting people into the Deere ecosystem. You know, so we were really encouraged this year. I think, you know, we had a limited release in Brazil in 2024 for Precision Ag Essentials, but more fully available in 2025. And we've been really encouraged by the results. You know, as I mentioned, over 1,500 orders year to date in Brazil for that Precision Ag Essentials base. On top of that, you know, just in the middle of January, we made our Starlink-enabled, you know, JDLink Boost solution available, you know, in the region in Brazil. And recall, you know, that's connectivity is a big challenge for our customers in-country there. We estimate about 70% of ag land in Brazil doesn't have, you know, sufficient cell coverage. And we've seen really, really strong take rates, you know, early on. In those couple of weeks since that ordering has opened up. Again, we mentioned, you know, over 1,200 orders. I think there were, like, 500 orders in the first day, you know, for the solution. And so very, very encouraging and excited for the value that's going to unlock for our customers in terms of enabling, you know, that connectivity and enabling, you know, to take advantage of Precision Ag Solutions. On engaged acres, maybe just to talk about the numbers. You know, we're over 455 million globally. Year over year, that's up about 15%. You know, South American growth is greater. It's up about 20% year over year. Really where we're encouraged is on the highly engaged side, you know, where we saw growth over 30% year over year, and highly engaged acres now are making up nearly 30% of our engaged acres are highly engaged. And just a reminder, you know, highly engaged acres is more depth and breadth of utilization, you know, covering more production steps with your technology.
Josh Beal: Hey, Jerry. This is Josh Jepsen. Maybe a couple of adds. I mean, we are continuing to see technology as a driver, you know, of competitive advantage and what we're able to do from a perspective. And we had an example from our field team, you know, this quarter of where we put essentially Precision Ag Essentials a year ago on non-competitive machines. Call it 20 competitive machines. Brought them in, to, you know, connectivity, brought them into the digital side from an operation center perspective. And this year, we're converting them. We're converting them from competitive machines with Deere Tech to Deere machines. So I think we're seeing that at a high level, you know, being a difference maker for customers in terms of what is pulling them into Deere and the value they see from that. And I think we're also seeing, you know, even things that may be overlooked a little bit, like remote display access, the ability for our dealers to remote in, not have to go to the machine, but remote in and take care of them. We've seen significant growth in just the instances of our dealers doing that, and we had an anecdote, you know, talking to a dealer a month or so ago, talking about, you know, sitting at home on the couch and actually fixing an issue for a customer because they had remote display. So I think, you know, these are big and small things. They're all making a really important impact as we think about real technology that's having a real impact for the customer, and we're seeing that, you know, start to build even greater.
Josh Jepsen: Just to maybe put a bow on that remote display, you know, in 2024, we had 2.5 million remote display sessions, you know, through the John Deere Operations Center. That was an 85% increase from two years prior. So, again, our ability to better serve our customers through connectivity is huge. Thanks for the question, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Millis Research.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you. My question is going to be on farmer profitability and demand, and I know that parts of this may be hard to quantify, but I'm just curious as to whatever insight you can offer. Obviously, your early order programs, I guess, are a combination of, you know, your end farmer, professional big professional farmer demand, and dealer trying to balance out trade-ins and all that stuff. I suspect your biggest farmers probably still want to buy more than you're making. I don't know if you have any thoughts on how profitable those, you know, biggest first buyer kind of customers are right now at current corn and soy and cotton prices. And I don't know if you have any thoughts on where your used buyers really need corn to make it easy to be before they're profitable and able to kind of clear out some of the inventory. Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. I mean, you know, maybe a couple of points there, Rob. I think, you know, it's hard to pin an exact number on this because every operation is a little bit different. And, you know, it matters whether you own all your land or whether you rent all your land. And as you look at, you know, breakeven prices, you know, compared to, like, a hundred percent owned versus fifty percent, that can, you know, it's like a fifty cent per bushel difference, you know, on corn breakeven depending on if you fully own or you're renting fifty percent. Similarly, the amount of technology, you know, that you're utilizing on the farm can matter a lot in terms of profitability as well. We recently published our business impact report, and in that report, we did an update on, you know, the value that if you employed all Deere available solutions, you know, in a typical corn and soy operation in the Midwest, you know, what value that would bring. And it was just under fifty cents a bushel of improved profitability by fully employing the Deere production or the solution set. So, you know, there can be some pretty massive differences in terms of breakeven in terms of the size of your operation, how much you rent to own, how much technology you're using. So it's hard to put a number on it. I think what I would say is over the course of the quarter, you know, we feel good about the positives that we saw. You know, certainly we saw a rebound in commodity prices. You've got corn futures, you know, hanging around five dollars now. You know, certainly the government support that was announced prior to the holiday is beneficial as well. So net-net, you know, quarter over quarter, you know, we've seen some pickup in the fundamentals.
Josh Beal: Yeah. Rob, this is Josh Jepsen. And I think just to add, and maybe don't click into what Josh mentioned. I mean, quarter over quarter, we've seen the ag fundamentals improve. You know, global consumption is outpacing global supply for grains and oilseeds for the first time in four years. If we look at grain stocks-to-use, in particular, if you take out, you know, the stocks in China, the lowest level in twenty years. So we're seeing, you know, a really tight stock. As you look at corn and wheat in particular, I think, you know, that's a favorable setup. And then, you know, on top of that, you talk about some of the things that Josh mentioned in terms of, you know, an increase in net income expectations from USDA. I think the backdrop and the sentiment, you know, is improved. I think you still have an impact of uncertainty as it relates to macro, uncertainty as it relates to trade policy. But I think the underlying business and then as you look at dairy and livestock, which we mentioned already, which are at relatively strong levels, are holding in really well and better than what we would have seen just three months ago.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook from Truist Securities.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. I guess, you know, one question. Just wanted to understand better sort of your view on Deere's performance, margin performance given where we are in the cycle relative to the 20% sort of mid-cycle target? And I guess, Jepsen, just your confidence level, obviously, I think everyone's confident 2025 is the trough. Your view on climbing out of this in 2026. And if you didn't think we were climbing out of this in 2026, do you see the need for incremental restructuring? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Good. Thanks, Jamie. I, you know, as it relates to, you know, where we are at, it's difficult to say exactly where we're at. Try to make a prediction on what 2026 holds. I would say, you know, we're really focused on what are the things that we can control as it relates to managing inventory levels, managing production, and keeping our arms around the operating cost of the business while funding the strategically important things. And I feel like we're in a good spot there. We're able to do that. You know, we're essentially flat on R&D, when we're making room elsewhere in the cash structure. So I think those are the pieces that we can control and that we're working to manage. And stepping back, you know, as it relates to, you know, our longer-term goal of 20% mid-cycle, this level of performance, you know, this guide, if you look at the equipment operations where we're at, call it, you know, just below 15%, 14.5% operating margin. Feel good about where that puts us in terms of progressing towards that goal. And, again, just to juxtapose that versus how we performed even in the peak of our last cycle, you know, comparing, you know, at where we are below trough levels, below 80%, you know, by our own math, I call it 14.5%, 15%. You know, that's better than we performed at the peak of the cycle in 2013. So we feel good about that progress, feel good about the ability to continue investing and doing a lot of work on an ongoing basis day to day on the cost side of the business. Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Josh Jepsen, I think you mentioned, you know, feeling good about the amount of reductions you've had in the used inventory during the quarter. Is there any way to help us kind of quantify just how much used inventory is out there, how much excess you have relative to sort of the target levels, and how long do you think it would take to manage down to what the target levels would be?
Josh Jepsen: Steve. It's Josh Jepsen. I'll start and, Josh Beal, you can jump in. Yeah. I mean, I think, yeah, as you characterize where we are on the use side, I mean, maybe first, you know, Jepsen mentioned this earlier, but we feel really good about combines. You know, we did a lot of work on combines earlier in the cycle. And they're sitting at a much better position. Yeah. As we think about, you know, high horsepower tractors, you know, where there's still work to do, we feel good about the progress that we saw, you know, in the last quarter. As we mentioned, you know, in the comments, you know, a couple of months sequentially of unit decline, you know, relatively modest declines. I think we're down maybe 3% from the November peak. But I think more important and probably the bigger challenge right now in higher horsepower used is that mix of used equipment. Again, being still somewhat heavily skewed towards, you know, one and two-year-old equipment. And again, you know, we've made progress over the last couple of quarters on improving that mix. We saw some improvement in our fourth quarter 2024. We've seen incremental improvement in the first quarter of 2025. But it's still higher than it should be, you know, probably on a percentage basis, you know, probably 2x the number of one and two-year-old equipment that we would normally want in that population that we normally see. And so continue to work to do there, and we'll continue to focus on that, you know, through the course of the year. I would expect, you know, it'll be, you know, the next several quarters still. We continue to drive that down.
Josh Beal: Yes, Steve. This is Josh Jepsen. And I think the other thing that we're looking at is how can we, one, shrink the duration? Like, how can we make this, you know, get through this reduction faster? And, you know, I think the actions we took on the new side are helping us to do that, to get focused on use quicker than we did last cycle. The other thing too, when we look at fleet age, I think this is important as we think about, you know, replenishment or replacement over time. We're still aging out. So higher star tractors, four-wheel-drive tractors, combines are all getting older on a fleet age perspective. And I think that's reflective of we put much less new equipment into the market when things were on the way up in 2021, 2022, 2023. But that aging, I think, will also help us as we think about how do we churn some of that used because replacement needs will continue just because we're seeing, you know, more age, more hours on the fleet. Thank you.
Steven Fisher: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you. I just want to make sure I understand the North American new inventory commentary. Essentially, you said by calendar year-end, not your fiscal, the large ag field inventory was down 25% year over year. And then you're saying you're targeting to finish the year. I assume that was a fiscal year comment. That the US inventory new will be unchanged year over year. So does that mean do we not plan to reduce any more new inventory from this point forward for the year? Or are we done reducing in North America for new?
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. I mean, I think the takeaway, David, and you're right. I mean, the comment around unchanged relates fiscal year to fiscal year. And so, you know, bookending the fiscal year, our plan and our focus is on building in line with retail demand. And so you should see, you know, absolute units of your field inventory relatively unchanged at the end of fiscal 2025 from where we ended, you know, fiscal 2024. Now there's always normal seasonality in our inventory build. And so as you think about, you know, through the course of a year, you're going to build tractor inventory. You're going to build combine inventory, you know, in the first second quarter of the year, and then you'll start to draw that down. The back half of the year. That's just normal shipping. And, candidly, a lot of in-transit inventory. As you recall, you know, a significant piece of our large ag equipment is already retail sold, and so it's passed through the dealers, and you have that in-transit inventory. But, yeah, the bookings there are we're going to build in line with retail in North America in 2025, and you should see...
David Raso: I was just trying to... Thank you.
Josh Beal: Yeah, go ahead.
David Raso: Well, I just wanted to make sure that the row crop tractor data in the first quarter and given the seasonality I'm comparing this versus traditional first quarters. I understand the seasonality to build. The row crop inventory does seem a bit high relative to history for where we are in the year. I think four-wheel drives, combines, I appreciate you're probably going to produce at retail the rest of the year. But the row crops, is there not further reduction needed there? I just want to make sure I understand the math of the 34% on trail.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. David, this is Josh Jepsen. Fair question. And remind you, you know, that number is 100 horsepower and above. So that's a wide category. We think about large, high horsepower above 220. And what we see there is really kind of a tale of two stories or two markets in that regard. 220 above, we feel good about where we're at. We're actually below where we would be on our averages. We look at a ten-year average. We're probably slightly below from an inventory sales perspective. We are higher and probably higher than where we want to be when it comes to, call it, that mid-series mid-sized tractor, 6000 series tractor, that inventory is higher. You know, as a result, we are underproducing that. So, essentially, Mannheim will underproduce North America for those tractors. So I think there's that 100 plus is a big category. The large ag side, the 8R side, we feel good about where we're at. Like I said, you're slightly below the historical IS ratios for where this point in the year. But we got work to do over really the balance of the year on, call it, the 6000 series to pull that down closer to where we want to be. But when we saw the growth, you know, quarter on quarter, that's really where it occurred. And then not necessarily on the row crop side. Thanks, David.
David Raso: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristen Owen from Oppenheimer.
Kristen Owen: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. Just given some of the positive comments that you had on Brazil, I'm wondering if you can give us a sense of what your expectations are for any sort of improved volume recovery or even price recovery. Just a little bit of a more granular look at what's happening down there. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Hey, Kristen. Thanks for the question. Yeah. I mean, as you heard in the comments, you know, we're seeing some green shoots, you know, out of the region. You know, I think the profitability is looking better there in 2025. And certainly, we're seeing, you know, favorability on the tech adoption side as well. Recall in Brazil, you know, we have, you know, we have less visibility in terms of the order book. We typically run about a three-month order book. So a little bit less visibility in the full year. So we'll see how it plays out, but there's been some optimism. You know, we've seen some strength, you know, kind of in that small to mid-tractor space as well in the region as Josh Rohleder talked about. You know, some strong sentiment, you know, in the coffee side. And so, you know, there's some positives there that we're seeing. As it relates to price, we're seeing favorability there as well. We had favorable, you know, positive low single-digit price realization in the quarter. We're expecting to be positive full year. That's a good contrast to last year where we had negative prices. We drove down field inventories. Now that we've right-sized, you know, the inventory situation in Brazil and are seeing, you know, some of these positive hints of optimism, yeah, in terms of how that market plays out, we're seeing a lot more strength on the pricing side as well. Thanks, Kristen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angel Castillo from Morgan Stanley.
Angel Castillo: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to maybe revisit the price question, but a little bit more broadly for PPA. You reiterated the 1% realization for that segment for this year. I was just wondering as you think about the incentives or maybe what needs to be done to support the continued reduction of used inventories as well as just any other kind of ongoing incentives there. Can you just talk about the level of confidence in that plus 1%? And then similarly on the construction side, you lowered that to flat this quarter or I guess for the full year. Can you talk about there as well the level of confidence in, you know, that actually being flat now versus, you know, perhaps some of the competitive dynamics you're seeing, you know, to kind of drive and move volume in that segment?
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Sure. Thanks for the question, Angel. You know, starting with large ag, again, as you mentioned, you know, our full-year guide is 1%. And that contemplates additional incentives to help support the used market. You'll recall, you know, North America as an example, you know, list price increases or early order programs on tractors will kind of range from 2% to 3% for the year. The net price realization of 1%, you know, contemplates some additional contributions on incentives to pull funds to help support that used market. We feel good about where pool fund balances are. You know, there's still levels that are supportive of moving that market, getting it back to equilibrium. And so, you know, based on the visibility we have on the order books, based on the early order programs, and that dynamic of that price guide incorporating, you know, those additional incentives for the used market, feel really good about, you know, the price guide in large ag. On the construction and forestry side, yeah, I mean, as you saw in the quarter, you know, negative price in the quarter, we have, you know, seen more price pressure there. Then as a result, we lowered the full-year guide from a point, you know, down to flat. You know, we saw some, and by the way, on those incentives too, you know, we saw that in the quarter translate to some positive retail movement, you know, particularly in compact construction. You know, some lower rate financing incentives were very strong in terms of moving sales, and we had a really, really strong December based on some of those programs. We're going to expect to just given dynamics in the market that we'll probably see some continued price pressure, particularly in the early part of the year. I think if you look at our second quarter, we'd expect price pressures to continue. That moderates some, Angel, as you move through the year. Some of that's comps as well. You know, as we did some price action in the back half of 2025, the comps get a little bit easier on the construction and forestry side. That's what gives us that flat guide.
Josh Beal: Yeah. Maybe one thing to add just on the C&F side. You brought up a point, Josh, in terms of a little more price pressure in 2Q where you could see that. We probably have a little more underproduction on the earthmoving side in 2Q there as well. So that'll impact their cadence of margins as we go through the year. They'll actually, we'd expect them to actually build from a margin perspective and improve as we go through the remainder of the year. 2Q probably being the most challenged, and then we start to, to Bill's point, we start to lapse some of the price actions that we took last year. So the comps get a little bit easier in the back half of the year as well. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Megan Durkin from Wolfe Research.
Megan Durkin: Okay. Alright. Thanks for taking the question. I'm wondering if you can maybe give us a little bit of hand-holding on margins. We're starting pretty slow, obviously, Q1 across all segments. How do you sort of see getting to the full-year guidance? And, again, this is a question that applies across the board, all three segments. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. I mean, I think, you know, as you're seeing, you know, building a few full-year guides, it is a little bit, you know, atypical in some segments. I mean, Josh Beal just mentioned, you know, the construction and forestry side. You know, that's going to be very different than what we normally see in a year just given the underproduction in the first half and a little bit on the price cadence as well. You know, you're going to see, you know, margins gradually improve, you know, sequentially throughout the year on construction and forestry. You know, large ag, as we mentioned, you know, it's going to be a lot more like normal seasonality in terms of sales in that segment. We'll see, you know, we'll see, we would expect to see sales peak in the second quarter in large ag as we typically do. So that will likely be the strongest margin quarter for the year. Now you're going to see, again, from the sales side, you know, year-over-year comps in terms of reduction be different just given the underproduction we did in the back half of the year. But it'll be a lot more normal seasonality on the sales side.
Josh Beal: Yeah. Megan, this is Josh Jepsen. And I think from a margin perspective, you know, similarly, you know, we would expect, excuse me, 2Q, you know, as normal to be strong, you know, strongest quarter. Like, you know, 3Q probably, you know, not terribly far off that. And so strength kind of in 2 and 3, which is a little more normal. And then as I mentioned, you know, 4Q, normally lighter on revenue, but we should mark a turn from, you know, from sales being down year over year for the quarter to moving up. We'll go ahead and take one more question. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan.
Tami Zakaria: Hi. Good morning. Thank you so much. So the farmer aid package from December, how long would it take for farmers to receive the bulk of the money? So that it can provide some tailwind to equipment demand. If you're able to share any past examples or anecdotes, that would be helpful. What I'm basically trying to understand is whether this could accelerate demand in the back half of 2025 or more like early 2026 of your fiscal.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Thanks, Tami. This is Josh Jepsen. I would say, you know, when we saw some of this occur in the past, when we saw some payments come through in, call it, you know, late 2019, generally, what we saw is a lot of those things went to shore up balance sheets, pay down debt, you know, buy inputs, and those sorts of things. So I think our expectation is it doesn't probably drive new equipment demands in 2025. But likely shores up balance sheets, potentially helps move some used inventory. But I think those are good outcomes. But likely, you know, near term, probably not a driver immediately of equipment orders.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Tami. And thanks all, that's all the time we have for today. We appreciate everyone's time, and thanks for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-11-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Deere and Company Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Lines have been placed on listen-only until the question and answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Beal, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Josh Beal: Hello. Welcome, and thank you for joining us on today's call. Joining me on the call today are John May, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Jepsen, Chief Financial Officer; Cory Reed, President, Worldwide Agriculture and Turf Division, Production and Precision Ag, Americas and Australia; and Josh Rohleder, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deere's fourth quarter earnings, then spend time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2025. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future use by Deere and Company. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the company's plans and projections for the future, that are subject to uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances, and other factors that are difficult to predict. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-Ks, Risk Factors in the annual Form 10-Ks, as updated by reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under quarterly earnings and events. I will now turn the call over to Josh Jepsen, our CFO, who will provide an update on our financial results.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. Good morning, and an early happy holidays to everyone joining us today. John Deere finished the year with a better-than-expected fourth quarter that included 13.1% margins for equipment operations. Full-year operating margins came in at 18.2%, reflecting solid proactive execution throughout our organization amidst a challenging and rapidly changing market environment. Our ability to generate just over $6.9 billion in operating cash flow from equipment operations at shipment volumes below mid-cycle levels is indicative of the structural improvements we have made, enabling continued reinvestment in the business and significant cash return to shareholders. Looking ahead to 2025, we expect continued contraction of ag markets globally to result in ag and turf equipment demand at or below trough levels. Additionally, construction and forestry market demand is expected to be down as healthy end markets are offset by continued uncertainty in equipment purchases. Slide three begins with results for fiscal year 2024. Net sales and revenues were down 16% to $51.7 billion, while net sales for equipment operations were down 19% to $44.8 billion. Net income attributable to Deere and Company was $7.1 billion, or $25.62 per diluted share. Next, fourth quarter results are on slide four. Net sales and revenues were down 28% to $11.1 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were down 33% to $9.3 billion. Net income attributable to Deere and Company decreased to $1.2 billion, or $4.55 per diluted share. Diving into our individual business segments on slide five, we will review our fourth quarter results starting with our production and precision ag business. Net sales of $4.305 billion were down 38% compared to the fourth quarter last year, primarily due to lower shipment volumes. Price realization in the quarter was flat, in line with expectations. Currency translation was negative by about one point. Operating profit was $657 million, resulting in a 15.3% operating margin for the segment. The year-over-year decrease in operating profit was primarily due to lower shipment volumes and sales mix, which was partially offset by lower production costs. As a reminder, we anticipated tougher year-over-year comps for PPA in the fourth quarter due to extended factory shutdown days associated with plans under production at several facilities. Turning to small ag and turf on slide six, net sales were down 25%, totaling $2.306 billion in the fourth quarter, primarily due to lower shipment volumes, although this is partially offset by price realization. Price realization in the quarter was positive by approximately two and a half points. Currency was also positive by approximately half a point for the quarter. Operating profit declined year-over-year to $234 million, resulting in a 10.1% operating margin. The decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes and mix along with special non-recurring items. These items were partially offset by price realization and lower warranty expenses. Slide seven details our fiscal year 2025 ag and turf industry outlook. We expect industry sales of large ag equipment in the US and Canada to decline approximately 30% as demand further moderates amid weak farm fundamentals, high interest rates, elevated used inventory levels, and short-term farmer concerns heading into next year's growing season. For small ag and turf in the US and Canada, industry demand is estimated to be down around 10%. The dairy and livestock segment continues another year of strong profitability as elevated protein and hay prices are further enhanced by low input feed costs. This is offset by restrained demand in the turf and compact utility tractor markets as single-family home sales and home improvement spending remain stagnant amid high interest rates. In Europe, the industry is projected to be down between 5% and 10%. Farm fundamentals in the region continue to deteriorate. Lingering headwinds include depressed yields from unfavorable weather, reduced regional commodity prices, and persistently elevated input costs. The confluence of these issues, coupled with high interest rates, is expected to keep industry equipment demand at low levels throughout 2025. Within South America, we anticipate industry sales of tractors and combines to be roughly flat as headwinds from 2024 stabilize. Looking forward to 2025, while crop prices are expected to decline, input costs are also decreasing, and yields are improving as drought concerns abate. Coupled with continued soybean acreage expansion, overall sentiment has improved. Although this has yet to translate into additional equipment demand, additionally, recent appreciation of the US dollar against the Brazilian real offers further profitability tailwinds to farmers as commodity prices are typically quoted in dollars while many input costs are denominated in real. Across the rest of South America, strong yields are offset by low commodity prices and elevated interest rates. Argentina, however, is experiencing some favorable tailwinds as government actions begin to stabilize the currency amid a recovery in the ag industry. Finally, industry sales in Asia are projected to be down slightly, as foundational technology adoption and improving ag fundamentals in India provide moderate demand tailwinds. Moving to our segment forecast on slide eight, we anticipate production in precision ag net sales to be down 15% in fiscal year 2025. The forecast assumes roughly one point of positive price realization and half a point of negative currency translation. Segment operating margin forecast for the full fiscal year is between 17% and 18%, reflecting strong execution amid tough geographic and product mix headwinds. Slide nine provides our forecast for the small ag and turf segment. We expect fiscal year 2025 net sales to be down around 10%. This includes about half a point of positive price realization as well as half a point of positive currency translation. The segment's operating margin is projected to be between 13% and 14%. Checking now to construction and forestry on slide ten, net sales for the quarter were down 29% year-over-year to $2.664 billion due to lower shipment volumes, but price realization and currency translation were slightly positive in the quarter by less than half a point. Operating profit decreased to $328 million, resulting in a 12.3% operating margin. Lower shipment volumes and sales mix were partially offset by lower production costs and proceeds from special non-recurring items. Slide eleven outlines our 2025 construction and forestry industry outlook. Industry sales for earthmoving equipment in the US and Canada are expected to be down around 10%, while compact construction equipment in the US and Canada is expected to be down 5%. Fixed end markets in 2025 are expected to temper equipment demand across both construction and compact construction equipment. Modest growth in single-family housing starts and US government infrastructure spending will be more than offset by further slowdowns in multifamily housing developments, still softening nonresidential building investments, and muted CapEx spending in oil and gas. Additional headwinds from historically low levels of earthmoving rental re-fleeting and somewhat elevated used inventories will further pressure equipment sales as market uncertainty persists into the start of fiscal 2025. Global forestry markets are expected to be flat to down 5% as challenged global markets stabilize at low demand levels in 2025. Global road building markets are forecasted to be roughly flat as a modest recovery in Europe compensates for modest slowdowns in other geographies. Continuing with our C&F segment outlook on slide twelve, 2025 net sales are forecasted to be down around 10% to 15%. Our net sales guidance for the year includes about one point of positive price realization and flat currency translation. The segment's operating margin is projected to be between 11.5% and 12.5%. Switching to our financial services operations on slide thirteen, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere and Company was $173 million for the fourth quarter. The year-over-year decline was mainly due to a higher provision for credit losses partially offset by income earned on a higher average portfolio balance. The reduction in derivative valuation adjustment and lower SING expenses. Results were also negatively impacted by the increased valuation allowance on assets held for sale of Banco John Deere. For fiscal year 2025, the net income forecast is $750 million. Results are expected to be higher year-over-year, primarily due to a lower provision for credit losses partially offset by less favorable financing spreads. Additionally, 2024 results were affected by the valuation allowance on assets held for sale of Banco John Deere. Slide fourteen concludes our guidance for net income, effective tax rate, and operating cash flow. For fiscal year 2025, our full-year net income forecast is expected to be in the range of $5 billion to $5.5 billion, highlighting structural improvements over previous cycles. Next, our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate between 23% and 25%. Lastly, cash flow from equipment operations is projected to be in the range of $4.5 billion to $5.5 billion. It's important to emphasize that our implied guidance of around $19 in earnings per share is at sub-trough levels with expected sales for fiscal 2025 below 80% of mid-cycle, underscoring our commitment to operational excellence as we focus on proactive management to drive customer value at all points in the business cycle. This concludes our formal remarks. We'll now cover a few key topics before opening the line to Q&A. Before we get into this detail, John, would you like to share your thoughts on the year?
John May: Yeah. Thanks, Josh. 2024 was characterized by our resiliency in the face of significant challenges. The pullback we experienced in global markets this year provided our organization with an opportunity to showcase the structural improvements we've made since announcing the smart industrial operating model in 2020. Starting with our financial scorecard, we continued to demonstrate better performance across the cycle. Notably, our margins in 2024 exceeded 18%, reflecting nearly 700 bps of improvement from 2020, which was the last time we were at this point in the cycle. This margin expansion has enabled us to invest record levels back into the business this year. More important than the numbers, I couldn't be prouder of the resilience demonstrated by our John Deere employee team this year. The velocity at which markets slowed tested our discipline and our agility. However, in the face of these difficulties, we emerged more focused than ever on our mission to help our customers do more with less. Our dedicated teams across factories, engineering centers, dealerships, branches, offices, and in the field showed remarkable fortitude as we made proactive decisions based on hard-learned lessons from the past. We maintain our focus on the customer, ensuring we not only retain but also actively seek out the best talent with the skills and experience necessary to help us solve the significant challenges facing our customers. This year also brought about a range of new and exciting solutions as we furthered our progress on many of our LEAP ambitions, including connected machines, engaged acres, and Autonomous Acres. Our flagship Sense and Act technology, C and Spray, covered one million acres this year alone, reducing herbicide use by an average of nearly 60%. This solution and many other similar technologies we've developed have not only positively impacted our customers' operations but the environment as well. And we've only begun to scratch the surface. Our employees come to work every day driven by a higher purpose that extends beyond merely solving a problem or completing a task. At the end of the day, we can confidently step back and reflect on the fact that our products are making a meaningful difference for our customers and the world. Thanks, John. I'd like to continue our discussion about the past year before we dive into 2025. This past fiscal year clearly represented a very dynamic market characterized by significant demand declines following peak levels in 2023. Nevertheless, as you noted, John, we ended the year with over $7 billion in net income.
Josh Beal: Josh Jepsen, can you provide a breakdown of what happened during the quarter and throughout the fiscal year?
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Happy to, Josh. And it's best to start off with the quarter, which came in better than expected. We targeted field inventory reductions by pulling back and shipping at our factories across the globe. Large ag retail sales of new equipment generally came in line as expected across most geographies and product lines, especially in North America. As a result, field inventory of new equipment, particularly North American tractors and combines, ended the year at extremely low levels on both an absolute and inventory-to-sales basis. We managed this underproduction while controlling costs, delivering year-over-year improvements in production costs and SING and R&D. Additionally, we successfully reduced in-process inventory levels, which drove much of the cash flow outperformance relative to our third-quarter guide. Turning to the full year, John previously highlighted that our performance was marked by resiliency in the face of challenging market conditions, which necessitated tough operational decisions that required significant flexibility and adaptability from everyoneour employees, dealers, and suppliers. As a result, we successfully managed operations to lower levels of demand this year. Production costs for the full year came in favorable, primarily due to year-over-year improvements in material and freight costs across all business segments. Despite muted sales, we remained disciplined and committed to our investments in the business, maintaining record levels of R&D spending. We recognize that many of the new product introductions this year stem from investments that we made throughout the previous cycle, and we will continue to prioritize these value-creating investments moving forward. Overall, the decisive actions we took this year resulted in a solid finish. We closed fiscal year 2024 delivering strong returns while successfully reducing new field inventory levels, ultimately positioning the business to effectively execute in what are expected to be challenging market conditions in 2025.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Josh. That's great color on 2024. Let's pivot directions now and discuss our fiscal 2025 outlook. For ag and turf, commodity prices are down. We have partially offset by bumper crops across the US. Farmer margins have been compressed. Our guide implies a challenging year for farmers in 2025. Josh, could you help us unpack what we're seeing here and what to expect by segment and geography?
Josh Jepsen: Sure. It's definitely going to be another dynamic year across the ag industry. Let's start with large ag in North America. We expect farm fundamentals to remain depressed globally in 2025, putting additional pressure on farm profitability. Given the strong yields from the US harvest this past year, we've seen a rebuilding of global stocks, with the USDA forecasting global stocks to reach the fourth-highest level on record. Anticipated record production in South America, particularly in Brazil and Argentina, is likely to further pressure global commodity prices in 2025. So with input costs relatively flat year-over-year, farm net incomes will remain compressed globally. Conversely, dairy and livestock margins remain elevated, supported by significantly lower input feed costs and positive market demand. However, machinery demand for this segment has lagged the margin gains and positive sentiment as interest rates and slow herd expansion continue to be the primary headwinds. Broadly across the ag sector and despite significant macro headwinds, farm balance sheets remain strong, with land values supporting healthy debt-to-equity ratios. That said, as cash receipts have slowed and credit conditions in the industry have tightened, many growers are keeping a greater focus on the liquidity of their operations. As we look at the impact on equipment sales in the coming year, it's important to highlight the varying dynamics across each of our primary regions. As a reminder, our goal for 2024 was to underproduce global large ag retail by a high single digit. In North American large ag, we successfully achieved our underproduction goals for the fourth quarter, reaching targeted inventory levels on most of our key products. For example, new combine inventory was down mid-teens year-over-year on a unit basis and finished the year at 4% inventory-to-sales, in line with 2023 year-end levels. In 220 horsepower and above large tractors, we reduced field inventory by nearly 50% year-over-year, resulting in a year-end inventory-to-sales ratio of 10%, a 500 basis point reduction year-over-year. In the last ten years, inventory-to-sales ratios for 220 horsepower tractors per Deere have only been this low twicein April 2014, just prior to the last down cycle, and in January 2022 due to post-pandemic supply constraints. Given the inventory reductions we've achieved, we expect to produce in line with retail demand in North America in 2025. We're encouraged by the progress we've made on this front, particularly as industry inventory-to-sales ratios for new equipment are more than double Deere's ratios for both 100 horsepower and above tractors and combines. Despite our proactive inventory management, macro factors continue to be a headwind for equipment demand in 2025, resulting in subdued early order program results. As a reminder, during our last earnings call in August, we were partway through the early order programs for sprayers and planters in North America, and our combine early order program had just begun. As an update, our sprayer program concluded down from 2024, declining in line with our industry guide for North American large ag, and setting 2025 production levels for sprayers below mid-cycle. Planters, on the other hand, experienced a more significant decline, closing with a year-over-year reduction greater than what we saw in sprayers. Finally, combines will complete the second of three early order program phases next week, and when this program closes at the end of January, we expect the product line to be down in a range similar to the reduction we've seen in sprayers. North American tractors are managed on a rolling order basis, with row crop tractor order books full through the middle of the second quarter. Demand for row crop tractors in 2025 is expected to be down less than the overall industry forecast, with Deere shipments decreasing even less as production levels rebound to align with retail demand following our high single-digit underproduction for row crop tractors in 2024. Conversely, demand for four-wheel-drive tractors in 2025 is expected to decline year-over-year more than the industry guide, but as a reminder, that product line actually saw increased demand in 2024. It's worth noting here that our order books for our newest tractor, the high horsepower 9RX, which we introduced last February at Commodity Classic, are currently full through the middle of the fourth quarter, underscoring the value that we're bringing to the market and the importance of continued investment in our core product lines.
Cory Reed: Hey, Josh. This is Cory. I'd like to jump in here to highlight the efforts of our Canadian team and customers. We've seen significant competitive conversions in this market post our smart industrial redesign, which is focused on supporting the production steps that our customers take over the course of a year in their specific crop types and geography. In Canada, the majority of broad-acre farming occurs in the western half of the country. This primary production system is small grains, which is wheat, canola, and barley, and the operations tend to be large-scale. Many of the new product introductions over the past few years have been tailor-made for solving our Canadian small grains customers' toughest challenges, doing so at the system level. From X9 combines to high horsepower 9RX tractors, to our C series air carts, coupled with our integrated technology solutions in the John Deere operation efficiency, in profitability, and in quality of life. And finally, when you layer in a dealer network that's committed to investing in their customers and ensuring they get the most out of their dealer equipment, while delivering uptime and reliability, the result is exceptional system-level value for our Canadian customers.
Josh Beal: Thanks for that callout, Cory. Clearly, a great story with our team up there. That should continue into the next year. And, Josh, thanks for the update on EOPs in the North American market. Now can you walk us through what's happening in South America and maybe more specifically Brazil?
Josh Jepsen: Of course. As you recall, Brazil represented our largest targeted underproduction in 2024 as we worked to correct excess new field inventory resulting from the market slowdown at the end of 2023. Our factory and marketing teams in the region worked diligently over the last year to adjust production and shipping in the midst of a dynamic retail sales environment. As a result, we've driven significant reductions in new field inventory units and have reached targeted levels for most product lines, enabling us to produce in line with retail demand in 2025 across most equipment categories. Given our flat guide for industry retails in 2025 and the significant underproduction to retail in 2024, producing in line with retail in 2025 will represent a double-digit increase in Deere shipments year-over-year in the region. The one product where we still have some work to do is combines, where inventories remain elevated following slightly weaker-than-anticipated retail sales in the fourth quarter. As a result, we're planning another year of underproduction for combines in Brazil in 2025, although to a much lesser extent, and with the majority of the inventory drawdown occurring in the first half of the year.
Justin: Hey. This is Justin. I wanted to take a moment to express how proud we are of our South American team and the exceptional work they've done to efficiently and resourcefully right-size inventory levels while maintaining strong operating margins. Our optimism in the region's prospects remains strong, demonstrated by our continued local investments focused on developing solutions in the region. A great example of our investment in Brazil is our new R&D center in Indiatuba, which will be opened in December. This center will focus on developing the products our Brazilian customers need to tackle challenges specific to tropical agriculture.
Josh Beal: That's great, Josh. Now let's finish it out with Europe. What are the dynamics over there?
Josh Jepsen: 2024 was a tough year for the region. We really saw a perfect storm of factors: depressed commodity prices, lower yields, regional conflicts, and frustration with ag policy that ultimately drove a retail sales decline much greater than normal for a market that is traditionally less volatile than North and South America. We expect this atypical trend to continue in 2025, with another year of declines as uncertainty, interest rates, pressure on cash crop receipts, and elevated field inventory levels weigh on equipment demand. To illustrate this challenge, harvest yields in France, the largest grain producer in Western Europe, came in this fall at multi-decade lows, placing significant strain on many growers in that region. Similar to other regions, we had success in reducing Deere new field inventory levels down over 20% from the start of the year. However, due to the ongoing and greater-than-expected declines in retail demand, our field inventory targets have continued to adjust downward in line with the market softening. We finished 2024 with inventory-to-sales ratios for both mid-size tractors and combines at or slightly above the upper end of our targeted bands, which we feel necessitates further underproduction in those product lines in 2025. Order books in the region remain healthy, with orders for Mannheim tractors extending into the second quarter of the year. One additional point to highlight for the ag outlook broadly is that our implied 2025 decrementals are impacted by product and geographic mix. North American large ag equipment like combines and row crop tractors experienced larger reductions compared to the rest of the world. This is particularly noteworthy in the first quarter given the year-over-year comparison to strong North American large ag sales in the first quarter of 2024. Now when we think about the first quarter of 2025, we expect top-line sales for the equipment operations to be down 15% to 20% sequentially from 4Q24, with margins 300 to 400 basis points lower than the full-year guide. Additionally, we are forecasting production costs to be favorable again in 2025 for the equipment operations, driven primarily by improved material costs and lower overhead expenses, all despite significant volume reductions. Overall, we expect to see positive price costs for the full fiscal year, yet another example of the structural improvements our teams continue to deliver.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Josh. That's a great walk around the world, as well as good additional insight into where we're projecting production costs in 2025. Now we've talked extensively about 2025 order books and new inventories, but a significant concern heading into next year is North American used inventories. Last quarter, we discussed the levers we were pulling to return to long-term averages. Cory, this next question is for you. Can you give us an update on where we stand in North America and what steps we're taking to manage these inventory levels?
Cory Reed: Yeah. Sure, Josh. As you just heard, our team has done an excellent job proactively managing new inventories. We're seeing the benefits of those decisions play out in 2025. As you noted, our primary focus over the last few quarters and now heading into the new fiscal year is to diligently work to bring down used levels, especially late-model harvesting equipment and row crop tractors. Broadly speaking, we're seeing used inventory-to-new sales ratios starting to plateau just above the long-term average. While it's too early to call an inflection point on used equipment, we are encouraged by the slowdown in growth that we saw during the fourth quarter. As we look at used inventory by model year, we're seeing a similar phenomenon in both row crop tractors and combines. When compared to long-term average distributions, the current mix of used is heavier than normal in one- to two-year-old equipment and correspondingly lighter in model year 2019 to 2021 equipment. This correlates closely to a trade ladder in which second owners, who typically buy the late-model equipment every three to five years, will be looking to come back into the market for the first time since pre-inflationary pricing and significant interest rate increases. This backdrop, along with compression in farm net incomes, is putting pressure on trade differentials and has slowed in this part of the trade ladder. As a result, we're hyper-focused on helping these farmers transition to this next generation of equipment, which is needed based on today's even tighter harvesting windows and transition to precision applications like high-speed planting. In turn, this will help the used market return to a more normal distribution mix by vintage of the sheet. Our approach to reducing used inventories is three-pronged. First and foremost, we've managed new inventory levels to ensure we don't flood the market as equipment demand moderates. Second, we're working closely with our dealers to drive targeted programs and engage each customer to understand their needs and what's most impactful to their bottom line. One example of the changes we made in 2024 as a result of this engagement is the offering of new financing programs, which have been greatly appreciated by both our customers and the dealers supporting them. Finally, we're further elevating pool fund contributions to ensure dealers have the necessary funds to drive new sales. Stepping back, despite the softer end markets, our dealers remain healthy. They're not only focused on managing used inventories in the near term but are also committed to continuing to invest in our technology journey. At the end of the day, our dealers are focused on one goal: consistently delivering greater value to our customers.
John May: Cory, I wanted to add a comment on the current state of our dealer network. Our dealers are in a structurally better position today versus previous cycles. As we continue to work in close partnership with them to stay ahead of inventory demand changes, we recognize that we wouldn't have made the progress that we've seen in the field inventory without the execution of our dealers. They have and continue to invest in specialized capabilities while remaining strongly capitalized. This strength and our aligned purpose enhance the level of service and support that our customers receive, which remains our primary goal.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Cory and John. That's a great perspective. Let's shift now to construction and forestry. 2024 was a dynamic year and really a story of two halves. Starting with solid, stable demand in the first two quarters, consistent with the strong levels that we saw in 2023. The second half, however, gave way to softening retails and tougher competition, which ultimately pressured margins as we proactively shifted underproducing retail demand in the earthmoving segment in the fourth quarter. Josh Jepsen, can you walk us through what happened and how this will impact 2025?
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Definitely. As you noted, we saw ongoing strength in retail demand for earthmoving equipment in the first half of 2024, but that shifted to a softening market in both our third and fourth quarters. We're seeing that trend continue this next year, and as reflected in our industry guides for both construction and compact construction, we expect further softening in 2025. Construction work is still robust, and government infrastructure spending associated with the IIJA is still less than 50% awarded. Our customers continue to see a strong backlog of work, albeit alongside stiffer competition, which is driving down bids and overall project margins. Compounded by elevated interest rates and a recently re-fleeted rental industry, there's less near-term appetite for new equipment purchases. Despite these pressures, it's worth reiterating that we continue to see robust utilization of equipment in the field. Josh, earlier you mentioned our decision to underproduce earthmoving retail demand in the fourth quarter of 2024, which successfully drove down field inventories over the past three months. Given the additional softening in retail demand that we're anticipating in 2025, we've made the decision to continue to underproduce retail in the first half of next year to ensure inventory levels are appropriately sized to respond to demand changes in the back half of 2025. In fact, much like large ag this past quarter, earthmoving lines at our North American factories will be shut down for approximately half the total production days in the first quarter of the year. This will have a material impact on our quarterly decremental margins as well as overall profitability for the segment in the quarter. Given the steady outlook for road building, combined with demand in global forestry being flat to down 5%, we expect these product lines to provide stability to our overall construction and forestry segment. This is Josh. Maybe just to summarize here, we feel good about our C&F business. However, we're being proactive, learning lessons from previous cycles as well as our ag business. Important to note that even with this underproduction, we're weathering the demand reduction in the competitive environment better than we have in the past. This is a testament to the efforts of our team to drive structural improvements alongside differentiated customer value, as we continue to concentrate our investments in margin-accretive opportunities.
Josh Beal: Yeah. That's great insight into what appears to be a dynamic market right now, Josh. Even tougher competition and uncertainties surrounding long-term end market demand, our underproduction should put us in the best position to generate strong returns in the back half of the year. Now for our last topic, I'd like to focus on our technology progress. Josh and Cory, there have been quite a few new product releases and milestones achieved over the last twelve months. Can you walk us through some of those key highlights and what it means for the business going forward?
Cory Reed: Sure. I can start. 2024 represented a year of significant new product introductions and technological advances available on our model year 2025 equipment. These releases, ranging from our most powerful tractor ever designed to new seeding equipment to the most advanced harvesting technology to date, are a testament to the success we've seen in our production systems approach. At the top end of our tech stack, we're seeing record adoption of some of our most advanced features. For example, over 75% of combined EOP orders have opted for our highest level of harvest settings automation because of the immediate value this technology will bring to their operations. In fact, we expect our customers will experience up to a 20% boost on average in harvest productivity from this feature alone. Another great example would be large ag equipment in Brazil. We brought our new inventory levels down to target over the course of the year while managing to both maintain and grow market share. And this means that we not only grow the share of acres covered by equipment but also the number of acres connected to our John Deere operation center, which ultimately means more productive, more profitable farmers.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. That's right, Cory. And to put that statistic in perspective, we saw our global engaged acres grow by nearly 20% this past year, reaching 455 million acres, with South America up nearly 30%. And growth in highly engaged acres, which currently make up over 25% of our total engaged acres, is outpacing the overall growth trend in engaged acres as we see deeper and broader utilization. Global year-over-year growth in highly engaged acres is over 30%, with South America notably up nearly 50%. And while you noted that the adoption of some of our latest technologies has exceeded expectations, we're also continuing to see significant growth and adoption of some of our more established solutions during this downturn, as farmers seek ways to enhance productivity and improve margins. For example, the adoption of ExactApply technology on model year 2025 sprayers increased by over 10% year-over-year, reaching a nearly 80% take rate in this year's early order program. On See and Spray, as John mentioned, we covered over one million acres in 2024, but just a few hundred units in the field. For 2025, across both factory-installed options and retrofit precision upgrades, we have currently taken over one thousand orders for new See and Spray Premium and Ultimate units. As a result, we expect to see a significant increase in the number of acres covered by See and Spray technology in the 2025 season.
Cory Reed: Exactly. When you have technology that you know is going to save money for your customers, you want to get that solution in their equipment as quickly as possible. We recognize this is a revolutionary technology that requires our customers to invest time and effort to transform their crop care programs, but we also know that, typically, when we have a customer see it work in their field or in their operation, they see the value. Our goal is to enable more customers to experience the impact of our See and Spray technology by leveraging a different business model to unlock that value, which is more crucial than ever in the current macro environment.
Josh Jepsen: Cory, this is Josh Jepsen. Maybe one thing to add on to that. There's been quite a bit of discussion about our pay-per-use model and if it's the right go-to-market strategy for some of our latest tech offerings. The reality is that we're seeing higher levels of adoption using this model compared to our traditional upfront pricing approach, but only when it makes sense. For example, take our Precision Ag Essentials Kit, which includes three foundational pieces of technologyguidance, connectivity, and onboard computeneeded to run any of our other precision technology solutions. We recently changed the pricing model from a one-time cost to a recurring license that allows customers to access the vital technology at a fraction of the traditional upfront investment. In the first year alone, we sold over eight thousand kits, and these kits are being installed on equipment with an average model year vintage of 2012. This example highlights the importance of finding new ways to meet our customers at every stage of their precision tech journey. It also emphasizes our commitment to providing cost-scaling solutions to enable all customers to adopt precision technology, regardless of the size of their operations.
Josh Beal: Thanks, all. It's great to see so many proof points demonstrating how our continuous through-cycle investment in the business is driving significant innovation and differentiated value for our customers. Now before we open up the line for questions, Josh Jepsen, do you have any final thoughts you'd like to share?
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. It'd be great. I'd start by echoing John's comments from earlier. 2024 marked a year of resiliencyresiliency in our business and resiliency in our employees who, in the face of significant challenges throughout the year, still performed at the highest level and with the utmost determination. As a result, we delivered strong performance, including over $25 in EPS, marking the second-best level in company history, and returned over $5.6 billion to shareholders via dividends and share buybacks. It's noteworthy that our earnings per share and cash returned to shareholders not only surpassed historical mid-cycle levels but also historical peaks. This performance is yet another proof point of the structural performance improvement that we've made in the business and will build upon going forward. And possibly even more important is the fact we were able to do all of this while maintaining significant investment in the business across both R&D and new product capital spending. As we look forward, we're encouraged by the significant pipeline of opportunities aheadopportunities that we believe will drive even greater levels of customer productivity and profitability. Whether it's our continued rollout of differentiated high-quality hard iron or our increasing breadth of precision technology solutions, our focus is on making sure that each dollar unlocks the most incremental value because, at the end of the day, the only way we succeed is if our customers succeed. As we look ahead to 2025, we're excited and confident as ever that we can perform at step-function levels better than previous cycles. Our proactive decisions in 2024 have positioned us well to achieve structurally better margins in what we anticipate will be a sub-80% of mid-cycle year for equipment operations. Said more simply, we expect to deliver higher margins at trough than we did during the previous peak in 2013. We're proud of what we've accomplished this year, but we're never satisfied. We come to work every day focused on solving the challenges our customers face. 2025 will be another year of discipline, hard work, and renewed focus to ensure our customers can achieve more tomorrow than they did today.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Josh. Let's open up the line to questions from our investors. We're now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Now if you do have a question, please press star one. You will be announced by name and company so you know when your line is open. And our first question is from Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Kristen Owen: Hi. Good morning. Thank you so much for taking the question. Lots of color commentary, particularly around some of the cadence in Q1. But I'm just wondering if we could get a little bit of a cleaner bridge on what the margin expectations are for 2025. What are the puts and takes in terms of productivity costs that you're carrying over? Raw materials, and the headwinds from the production in the first half?
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Good to see you, Kristen. I hear you. I'll take a shot and team jump in. I think as we think about margin, there's a few things at play here as you look at 2025. First and foremost and notably, I think, is just the continued volume declines that we're seeing in the market. Expectations, as you look at the individual guides, would be that total equipment would be down around 13% for the full year. And certainly, that continued level of volume reduction is weighing on the margins. As we mentioned, we expect pricing to be positive across all three segments. And Josh Jepsen mentioned favorable production costs as well. So we're seeing favorable price costs. And in addition to that, obviously, some of the decisions we've made in terms of reducing costs this year will carry over into next year as well, providing a lift. And so overall, as we mentioned, margin expectations relative to history are very strong. I think maybe lastly, if you think about decrementals, probably a little bit higher than normal on the large ag business. That's really a mix-driven impact, as we think about the large ag business in North America being down around 30%. Our sales reduction will be less than that given the comp to 2024 underproduction that we did this year. But still, the outsized reduction in one of our most profitable regions and in our most profitable product lines will weigh on decrementals next year.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Kristen.
Operator: Our next question is from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. I'm wondering if you could just expand on the pool funds program and the use of pool funds to help the trade-ins for the late model year equipment. I know you can move around pool funds year to year, and given the incentive slash rebates to dealers, there's quite a bit that you're able to deploy to get those inventory levels down. Can you just flesh it out for us? And if you don't mind, just share the order of magnitude on how much you can put in that direction.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Hey, Jerry. Yeah. If you think about pool funds and maybe it's best to first put in context where we started the year and really the past couple of years, the strong equipment demand that we saw in 2022 and 2023 and the associated sales there really drove a record level of pool fund balance entering this downturn, and that's by design. That's how we structure the program. It provides stability in the used market when we see a downturn, and we've seen that play out in 2024 as those pool funds are being deployed by our dealers to help drive reductions in used inventory. Because of that and, again, by design, we've seen pool fund balances decline over the course of the year as dealers are using those funds. We've put some additional incentives at work to help support that balance. That's what you saw with pricing in the fourth quarter for large ag. We talk about really flat pricing for the quarter, that was really some specific work targeted towards used. And to help shore up the pool funds. And that's actually contemplated in our pricing guide for 2025 as well. We're talking about net price of 1% for the segment. That's inclusive. You think about list pricing increases for next year in the range of 2% to 3%. We are expecting a little bit higher incentive rate in 2025, and that higher incentive rate is really driven by a focus on continuing to put funds to work in the pool fund area. So again, supporting the reduction in use that we're driving towards, and we'll continue to do that. And again, we can continue to do that with positive price. Hey, Jerry. This is Josh. The only other thing I'd add, I mean, on top of the pool funds on used, we had a good finish to the year from a retail perspective on new. Josh Beal laid out where we ended from an inventory perspective, whether it's large ag in North America or South America, also had a really strong retail October in the construction division. So, you know, we've talked about the trend, which has been pretty negative the back half of the year. October was a turn for us. We, you know, as noted in pricing, we had a little more incremental incentives in the market. But we had a good month and really brought down inventory, upper teens reduction in inventory in earthmoving in 4Q. So I think overall, between deploying incentives in the right places, whether it's for new or used, we're seeing that impact. In like how we're positioned as we step into 2025.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Jerry.
Operator: Our next question is from Kyle Menguez with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Kyle Menguez: Thank you. I was hoping if you could just unpack the full-year guidance a little bit. Sounds like it is back-half weighted. Would just love to hear if that's kind of baking in any assumed improvement in retail demand in some of these end markets in ag and construction?
Josh Jepsen: It's more so, Kyle, related to, I think, year-over-year comps. If you think about our segments, and I'll look at large ag and construction, in 2024, large ag in the first half of the year was down 10% year-over-year compared to 2023. In the back half, it was down 30%. Similarly, in construction and forestry, the first half of 2024 was down 4% year-over-year, back half down 20%. So as you look at how that's going to play out in year-over-year comps for 2025, we would expect greater year-over-year declines in the first half of the year for both segments. Particularly construction and forestry, where we talked about significant underproduction in the first half of the year. And then those comps will get progressively better as we move through the year, and you're comparing to the back half of 2024.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: Our next question is from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi. I'm going to slide in two quick ones, if you don't mind. Just a little sort of piggybacking off the last comment. So the first quarter, just using midpoints, right? It's around $3 of earnings, sales down over 27%, EPS down about 50%. But the rest of the year that is implied, sales are only down 9%, earnings down about 15%. Just curious, I'm not trying to pin you to a quarterly cadence. But just so we have a sense of how the underproduction ceasing later in the year, at least how you're interpreting it. Are we back to growth year-over-year by the third quarter? And then second, not to get you in trouble, just curious your thoughts. I'll give you the platform to answer. With the new administration coming in, just how are you thinking about the impact of tariffs? You may be comparing it to last time. The immigration question, obviously, the appointment of the new secretary of health and human services, just how to think about framework-wise, how that could impact how farmers are thinking about their business. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Thanks, David. Thanks for the questions. Starting with the first one on the year, I mean, as Josh Jepsen mentioned, as we think about Q1 particularly, sequentially, that's going to be down 15% to 20% compared to the fourth quarter. And as Josh mentioned, if you look at the margin expectations for the first quarter, 300 to 400 basis points below the full-year guide for equipment ops. So certainly, you're going to see more of that decline in Q1, particularly, again, noting construction and forestry, which will be at the top end of that range of top-line sequential decline. Actually, margins, if you think about decrementals for construction and forestry in the first quarter, it'll be higher than the implied guide for the full year, again, given the underproduction. And then, to your question, as you move throughout the course of the year, those year-over-year comps get better, particularly in the back half. And you get to kind of flattish, if not up a little bit, as you look at Q3, Q4 of 2025. On the new administration, I mean, obviously, we're thinking about that in terms of how it impacts our customers, how it impacts our suppliers, and certainly how it impacts our operations as well. Yeah. I think it's too early at this point to know exactly what that means in terms of enacted policy and what the impact will be on those three stakeholder groups. But, certainly, we're engaging and will monitor that as we go forward.
John May: Yeah. You know, and the other thing I'd like to add is we're positioned really well. We rely heavily on our highly skilled employees in the US to design and build high-quality, the most technologically advanced equipment in the world. And as a result of that, greater than 75% of all products that we sell in the US are assembled here in the US. And they're assembled by highly skilled employees, 30,000 employees in the US that are located in 60 different facilities across 16 different states. And a result of all of their hard efforts and, frankly, manufacturing leadership results in John Deere, Ag and Turf division, being a net exporter of our products manufactured in the US, exporting it to other countries. So we feel really positioned well. We've been at this for nearly 200 years building product in the US. And I'm very, very proud of our team and what they're able to accomplish.
Josh Beal: Thanks for the question, David.
Operator: Our next question is from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Angel Castillo: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And I just wanted to maybe follow up a little bit more on the dynamic, particularly in construction, where you noted some bigger underproduction in the first quarter here. It seems like there's a little bit of a broadening of the softness. I think we had talked about rental fleets as being a factor, and now it sounds like it was a little bit broader than that. So with that in mind, can you just give us a little bit of color on what drives the price guide for the year being positive in construction? Or maybe how to think about that in the first kind of half of the year versus the second half? And then, yeah, just maybe more color on the trends that you're seeing outside of rental.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Angel. I mean, certainly, as we've mentioned, I think the price dynamic in construction and forestry is competitive. And as we've talked, it's a balance that we're maintaining between price and share as we look at the environment going ahead. In terms of the cadence of price, I mean, really nothing of significance there as you look at the layout of the year. And the only thing I'd remind you too is that if you think about our construction and forestry business and the different elements of that business, that includes road building, which makes up 35% to 40% of that business as well. It's been a lot more stable, and there's opportunity to get price there as well. And so that adds into the mix, which is helpful, but certainly, it's dynamic.
Josh Beal: Thanks, Angel.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi. Thanks, everybody, and thanks for the commentary around some of the topics including used equipment. I'm sure you said you can talk any more about that. I don't know if you're seeing already the kind of early buy wave of people who would be trading up, nibbling at some of the higher price, higher valued, used equipment. I don't know what, if anything, you could say about where you expect dealer used inventory balances to kind of progress throughout the year? Do we get to midyear and you work them down? Based on your production levels and how trade-ins work? Any further commentary on that would be great. That seems to be a sticking point still.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Hey, Rob. Thanks for the question. Yeah. I mean, we feel good about the progress we've made. And I think, as you think about where used inventory sits in North America, it's going to be levels that we're going to work on here over the next few quarters. It's not something you turn overnight. I think we feel good about the stabilized level that we saw in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind, as you think about quarterly cadence on used, Q4 for us is a big quarter from a retail standpoint of new equipment. That drives trade-ins coming into the pipeline. And so to be able to maintain and kind of mitigate the increase we've seen in the quarter, feel good about. Q1 provides a really good opportunity for us as we think about year-end tax buying. Production levels are a little bit lower typically in the first quarter. Sequentially, this next quarter in Q1 provides an opportunity to continue to drive that down. But we'll be working over that again over the course of the next couple of quarters.
Cory Reed: Yeah. Rob, this is Cory. We've seen, as we closed out harvest this year, we saw better-than-expected yields. Obviously, price has been a concern, but we've seen more profitability than was likely expected. Pricing activity in the market has been good. We said we're not ready to call the inflection point, but we have seen used levels plateau even though we had strong retail in the fourth quarter. Now we continue. We underproduced the demand, and we saw the effects of that on the new side, but it's also showing up in what we do in used. The dealer's tactical focus on being able to right-size the value of these machines, right-size the value of the trades, we're seeing people come back into the market. The bottom line is you take a late-model used row crop tractor, those products are needed as people expand high-speed planting in the market. We're taking high-speed down further into the marketplace as they go out to plant in tighter windows. Late-model, high-horsepower row crops are needed, and we're seeing people come back into the market for them. Probably, it's time for one more question. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is from Jamie Cook with Truce Securities. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hey, good morning and thanks for letting me ask the question. Just back to the decrementals on PP and A. You know, a little worse probably than I would have thought. And so my question is to what degree is pricingI know you said positive pricing for the year, but, like, with North America down 30%, can pricing be positive in that region? And then just a follow-up, I know you said equipment operations would be 80% of mid-cycle for 2025. Just your thoughts on where large ag is going to be relative to mid-cycle as we exit the year and obviously what that means for 2026. Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Hey, Jamie. Thanks for the question. Yeah. We expect to maintain positive price in North America. And again, they're taking production costs as well, so price cost will be positive. More muted than we've seen. We talked about 1% to 4% price realization. And how do we do that? I mean, it starts with the new inventory levels that we talked about. Again, kind of reiterate, 120 horsepower tractors and above, we reduced the units in the field by 50% over the course of the year. Inventory-to-sales ratios for 220 horsepower and above, like, 10%. So very, very low, combines at 4%. Because of those tight levels, that allows us to maintain that price. And again, as I mentioned, we've contemplated some increased level of incentives next year. That increased level is going towards used. It's going towards pooled funds. As Cory described, we're continuing to work that down. Continue to support our dealers and then helping to make those trades. But net-net, given all those ingredients, we still believe we can deliver positive price in the year.
Josh Beal: Hey, Jamie. This is Josh. The one other thing I'd point out is Brazil in 2024, given kind of all challenges, was negative from a price perspective. We see that bounce back and we see the positive price in 2025, I think, reflective of a flatter environment. Inventory's in better shape. So we expect that to turn favorably. So I think as you walk across the globe, we would expect positive price in PPA in every region of the world.
Josh Beal: Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, all. That concludes our call for today. We appreciate everybody's time. And for those of us in the US, hope you have a great Thanksgiving holiday. Have a great day.
Operator: As we are concluded, again, thank you for your participation today. You may disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-08-15 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only mode, until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Beal, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Beal: Hello. Welcome, and thank you for joining us on today's call. Joining me on the call today are John May, Chief Executive Officer; Josh Jepsen, Chief Financial Officer; Luke Gakstatter, Senior Vice President, Ag and Turf Sales and Marketing for Americas and Australia; and Josh Rohleder, Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's third quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2024. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances and other factors that are difficult to predict. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8-K, risk factors in the annual Form 10-K as updated by reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I will now turn the call over to Josh Rohleder.
Josh Rohleder: Good morning, and thank you for joining. John Deere completed the Q3 with disciplined performance amid a tough macro backdrop. Financial results for the quarter included an 18.5% margin for the equipment operations. Ag fundamentals remain muted and market demand in construction and forestry has tempered alongside continued price competition, resulting in another quarter of overall challenging market conditions. Despite tougher markets in both Ag and Construction, we continued to execute to our plan focusing on proactive inventory and cost management. Notably for the quarter, we adjusted rest of your production schedules in our earthmoving product lines to target lower year end field inventory levels. As a result, order books across all segments are effectively full for the remainder of the fiscal year, as we position our business to respond to changes in retail demand. These actions, along with a continued focus on cost control, are essential to keeping our business healthy as we continue to invest in future growth. We now begin with Slide 3 and our results for the Q3. Net sales and revenues were down 17% to $13.152 billion while net sales for the equipment operations were down 20% to $11.387 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $1.734 billion or $6.29 per diluted share. Double clicking into our individual business segments, we'll start with Production and Precision Ag on Slide 4. Net sales of $5.099 billion were down 25% compared to the third quarter last year, primarily due to lower shipment volumes, which were partially offset by price realization. Price realization was positive by slightly more than 2.5 points. Currency translation was negative by a little more than 1 point. Operating profit was $1.162 billion with a 22.8% operating margin for the segment. The year-over-year decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes and employee separation program expenses. These were partially offset by price realization and lower warranty expenses. Next, we'll turn to Small Ag & Turf on Slide 5. Net sales were down 18% year-over-year, totaling $3.053 billion in the third quarter because of lower shipment volumes partially offset by price realization. Price realization was positive by more than 1.5 points. Currency translation was negative by just under 0.5 point. Operating profit declined year-over-year to $496 million leading to a 16.2% operating margin. The decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes and higher warranty expenses, which were partially offset by price realization. Slide 6 gives our 2024 industry outlook for Ag and Turf markets globally. Across all major markets, we continue to see muted demand resulting from a challenging macro environment. Global stocks of grains continue to rebuild with excellent growing conditions leading to better than expected production and lower commodity prices. High interest rates and geopolitical uncertainty further weigh on customers' purchase decisions, resulting in reduced demand across all end markets. In the U.S. and Canada, we continue to expect large Ag equipment industry sales to be down approximately 15% during the quarter. Demand continues to be pressured by declining farm margins and elevated used inventory levels in late model year machines, which is partially offset by an elevated fleet age, rising farmland values, and stable farm balance sheet. Within Small Ag and Turf in the U.S. and Canada, industry demand estimates remain down approximately 10%. Further declines in the Turf and Compact Utility Tractor segments, which are more sensitive to interest rates are partially offset by improving dairy and livestock fundamentals. Turning to Europe, the industry is forecasted to be down approximately 15%, reflecting yield headwinds and weekend margins. Volatile weather patterns continue to drive commodity price and arable cash flow uncertainty, which is enhanced by slightly elevated input costs. However, dairy and livestock fundamentals remain healthy, providing moderate stability to the segment. In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to decline between 15% and 20%. Commodity price softening and elevated interest rates continue to pressure grower profitability, especially in Brazil, our largest market in the region. Fundamentals are further pressured by better than expected production in Brazil despite regional weather challenges and a slower than forecasted recovery in Argentina. Industry sales in Asia are forecasted down moderately. Moving on to our segment forecast beginning on Slide 7. Production and Precision Ag, our net sales forecast remains down between 20 and 25% for the full year. The forecast now assumes roughly two points of positive price realization and flat currency translation for the full year. For the segment's operating margin, our full year forecast remains between 20.5% and 21.5% despite muted demand. Slide 8, covers our forecast for the Small Ag and Turf segment. We expect net sales to remain down between 20% and 25%. The guide now includes two points of positive price realization and flat currency translation. The segment's operating margin continues to be forecasted between 13.5% and 14.5% in line with slowing net sales. Shifting now to construction and forestry on Slide 9, net sales for the quarter were down 13% year-over-year to $3.235 billion due to lower shipment volumes. Price realization was negative by one point. Currency translation was also negative by more than half a point. Operating profit of $448 million was down year-over-year resulting in a 13.8% operating margin due primarily to lower shipment volumes, unfavorable sales mix, and negative price realization. Slide 10 provides an update to our 2024 construction and forestry industry outlook. Industry sales for earthmoving equipment in the U.S. and Canada is now expected to be down 5% to 10% while compact construction equipment in the U.S. and Canada is now expected to be flat to down 5%. Demand for earthmoving and compact construction equipment is down from robust levels in 2023 and increasingly competitive as rental refitting decelerates and used inventory levels rise. While U.S. government infrastructure spending remains supportive and manufacturing investments continue to increase, we are witnessing a sequential slowdown in single-family housing starts amid interest rate uncertainty. This is compounded by continued declines in multifamily housing starts and persistent weakness in the commercial real estate sector. Global forestry markets are projected to remain down around 10% as all global markets continue to be challenged. The global world building market forecast remains flat to down five as strong infrastructure spending in the U.S. is offset by continued softness in Western Europe. Moving on to Construction & Forestry segment outlook on Slide 11. 2024 net sales estimates are now expected to be down between 10% and 15% as moderating demand is coupled with planned underproduction. That sales guidance for the year now includes about half a point of positive price realization in flat currency translation. The segment's operating margin is now projected to be around 15%, reflecting a tougher competitive environment, decelerating demand and under production of construction equipment. Transitioning to our financial services operations on Slide 12. The Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the third quarter was $153 million. Net income was lower due to a higher provision for credit losses and less favorable financing spreads which were partially offset by a higher average portfolio and favorable discrete tax items. For fiscal year 2024, our outlook for net income is now at $720 million as benefits from a higher average portfolio balance are expected to be more than offset by a higher provision for credit losses and less favorable financing spreads. Subsequent to the quarter, we announced an agreement with Banco Bradesco to invest and become 50% owners in our Brazilian financing subsidiary, Banco John Deere. This strategic decision reduces incremental financing risks while allowing for continued investment in growth in the Brazilian market. The transaction is expected to close in the second fiscal quarter of 2025. In our quarterly results, we classified Banco John Deere as a business held for sale, which resulted in the net impact of a pretax and after-tax loss of $15 million accounted for in SA&G within the Financial Services segment. Next, Slide 13 outlines our guidance for Deere & Company's net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year '24, we remain -- we maintain our outlook for net income at approximately $7 billion. Next, our guidance continues to incorporate an effective tax rate between 23% and 25%. And lastly, cash flow from the equipment operations is now projected to be in the range of $6 billion to $6.5 billion. And finally, on Slide 14, I'd like to hand it over to John May to say a few words.
John May: Thank you, Josh. The third quarter was another solid quarter, thanks to the efforts of the entire John Deere team in partnership with our outstanding dealer network and supply base. As mentioned in the opening comments, our customers across nearly all business segments are facing headwinds, including softer commodity prices and elevated interest rates. Against this backdrop, I'm extremely proud of our team's unwavering commitment to and execution of our key priorities. They have navigated the business cycle through proactive inventory management and disciplined cost control, while continually striving to deliver value to our customers. Effective cycle management begins with ensuring that inventory levels are appropriately aligned to end market demand. Throughout 2024, we've prudently and proactively adjusted production schedules in our large Ag business at a faster pace than ever before in order to reduce field inventory in our end markets. This quarter, we made a similar adjustment for many of our earthmoving product lines in North America in response to signs of moderating demand. We will also continue to focus on reducing used inventory levels, particularly in North American large Ag for the remainder of the year. As we approach the start of fiscal 2025, the leading levels of field inventory resulting from these actions will best position our operations in both segments to respond effectively to changes in market demand. Proactively managing our production schedules also facilitates disciplined cost control. In this lower volume environment, we've made challenging decisions that impact both our factories and our offices to ensure that our cost structure aligns with current market demand. And while these actions have been hard and certainly not something we take lightly, they help us maintain our competitiveness throughout the business cycle, allowing us to continue investing in the products and solutions that empower our customers to address their unique challenges. That is our ultimate purpose, delivering value for our customers. In the near-term, this means continuing to build and ship the highest level quality and most productive equipment to our customers. I want to extend my heartfelt gratitude to all of our John Deere team members who have maintained this commitment at the highest level throughout 2024 despite necessary adjustments we've had to make in our operations. None of this happens without a high-performing team that shows up to deliver for our customers every single day. In the medium and long-term, our ability to deliver value for our customers is rooted in Deere's unique position to help them do more with less by developing precision solutions that leverage our extensive product portfolio, our vertically integrated tech stack and unparalleled service and support. Looking ahead, we are optimistic about the opportunities before us. Our machines are delivering ever greater cost savings and promoting sustainable operations for our customers. We see significant potential to leverage our existing technologies across various production systems, enabling us to scale innovation and enhance value delivery across our customer base. Ultimately, this results in a continually expanding offering of solutions that drive improved outcomes for our customers, dealers and Deere alike
Josh Rohleder: Thank you, John. This concludes our formal comments. We'll now shift to discussions on a few topics specific to the quarter. Starting off with Deere's performance in the third quarter, net sales declined approximately 20% year-over-year. But we still saw our operating margin come in at over 18%. Clearly, a challenging macro environment. But we've managed to hold margins. Josh Beal can you gives outlook with what happened this quarter?
Josh Beal: Absolutely. Thanks, Josh. As you mentioned, our strong margin performance is encouraging given the difficult market backdrop, particularly as we pull the inventory management levers that John noted. In both Ag segments, we saw declines in net sales as end-user demand continue to soften. However, by keeping inventories in check, we've been able to maintain solid price realization. In addition, our strategic partnerships with our supply base are helping drive down material and freight costs which are offsetting overhead efficiencies as we bring down production rates at our factories. In construction, we saw a downshift in demand and an uptick in used inventories as rental refleeting cooled and home starts slow to meet interest rate uncertainty, all while a competitive market environment drove increased incentive spending. This put pressure on both volumes and price in the quarter. And as a result, we adjusted our North American construction equipment production schedule for the rest of the year to lower our ending field inventories and better position us for 2025. And with roughly 2 months of order visibility in this segment, we are confident in our ability to execute our plan.
Josh Rohleder: Great recap, Josh. On you note about the challenging quarter and decline in demand. Farm fundamentals are clearly top of mind right now with corn, soy and wheat prices, all down more than 15% year-over-year, which brings down farm margins as well. Can you walk us through what we're seeing and what this means for both farmers and equipment demand?
Josh Beal: Sure. It's definitely a different and tougher environment today than it was a year ago. If you take North America as an example, on the one hand, farmers are experiencing 1 of their best crops in years, thanks to excellent weather conditions. But then on the other hand, the high levels of production resulting from these strong expected yields are causing crop prices to decline, as you mentioned. Although input costs are projected to be down this year, it's not enough to offset the lower commodity prices. The need to projected year-over-year declines in farm net incomes, which ultimately puts pressure on equipment demand. Brazil is experiencing a similar situation in North America with Ag commodity prices softening due to replenish global supplies, another year of near record yields and expansion of soybean acreage. Muted profitability for Brazilian customers is magnified by persistently high interest rates in the region, leading to further pullbacks in equipment sales. In Europe, farm investments continue to soften as weather uncertainty pressures crop yield estimates. And while living conditions remain tight, input costs have remained elevated in the region, leading to depressed margins and weaker farmer sentiment. However, steady prices and reduced input costs in the dairy and livestock segment are providing some moderating tailwinds and what is otherwise a challenging equipment demand environment in the region.
Josh Jepsen : This is Jepsen. One important note regarding fleet fundamentals that North America, we continue to see an elevated fleet age, which enables replacement purchases. Additionally, strong balance sheets are providing support in a downturn, driven by farm land values that are up nearly 5% year-over-year. So while it's definitely a challenging market for customers, there are some supportive factors to account for.
John May: Yes. This is John. I'd like to share an additional thought. Last week, I was in Brazil speaking with some of our customers in the region about the near and long-term prospects for agriculture in the country. The near-term, while the market has experienced a decline, it appears to be more stable now than it was just a few months ago, which is encouraging for 2025. Looking ahead, there is a strong sense of optimism regarding the region's prospects with significant opportunities still on the horizon. One customer mentioned that his business has structurally improved over the years. He is eager to continue investing in solutions and technologies that enhance productivity and profitability. Deere is committed to supporting this need through ongoing investments in the region as we continue to introduce new product and technologies specifically designed in Brazil for Brazil.
Josh Rohleder: Perfect. Now with that context on Ag fundamentals, I'd like to move on to our early order programs in North America to better understand how this is translating into equipment sales for model year '25. Luke, our EOPs typically account for roughly 90% of our production for seasonal products each year. Can you walk us through what's transpired so far as we begin to get some insights into next year?
Luke Gakstatter : Absolutely, Josh. It's probably best to start with what's changed in our process year-over-year. Historically, our early order programs would leverage multiple phases to help shape demand and fill our production schedule. Under this approach, generally speaking, the earlier an order is placed in the program, the greater the discount for the customer. During the last few years of constrained supply, this all changed, and we leverage more of an allocation approach and attempt to meet our dealer and customer needs in a time of high demand. Given the return to more moderated demand, we have returned to our traditional approach of multiple phases with tiered discounts for products like planners, air seaters, sprayers and combines. Planters and sprayers opened earlier this summer and are currently in their second or third phase, while combines just opened last week with list price increases across all EOPs currently in the 2% to 3% range. Tractors as a reminder, are on a rolling order book with roughly 4 months of visibility, providing confidence in our production plans as we close out cyclical. Now, as we shift and talk about progress on our early order programs, coming off last year's near peak demand levels, the model year '25 sprayer EOP is currently down double-digits. That said, orders are tracking slightly above pre-2022 EOP volumes. Planter sales are also down double-digits and down relatively more than sprayers on a year-over-year. It's worth noting that historically, we have seen greater variability with implement sales throughout the Ag cycle when compared to self-propelled product. And given North American planners were another product, well above mid-cycle volumes in 2024, it is not unexpected to see a larger reduction of planners relative to sprayers this year. Additionally, history would tell us that in times of uncertainty, we typically see more activity at the end of the EOP phases compared to the beginning as customers time their purchases to better align delivery with their seasonal. The current high interest rate environment further extends this trend as both customers and dealers look to minimize carrying costs and be as efficient as possible with their assets. While planter and sprayer EOP orders are down for model year '25, tech adoption continues to accelerate as customers adopt precision solutions to help increase profitability amidst a tougher macro environment. Across our more established solutions, we have seen average adoption rates well above 80%, and with exact supply, in particular, up nearly 10 points. For our newest and most advanced offerings like Exact Shop and See & Spray, we are seeing healthy adoption rates during the first and in particular, our See & Spray technology has achieved high single-digit take rates in its first full year of commercial available at a pace commensurate with historical precedents.
Josh Jepsen: One thing to highlight beyond just the take rates for our latest solutions is the feedback we're receiving from both customers and dealers on the efficacy of the technology. We continue to hear that See & Spray savings are medium or exceeding expectations and that the ROI pencils out. That said, See & Spray does require significant shifts in the way our customers manage their crop care programs, everything from what chemicals they buy, to how much they buy, to how often they're tendering their equipment in the field must change, which is a significant investment on the part of the customers. We understand this, which is why we are more committed than ever to dealer engagement and customer success ensuring we provide the solutions, support, and most importantly, the outcomes that our customers need to succeed.
Josh Rohleder: Thanks for the additional detail, Josh. And Luke, if I can come back to you once more. We've covered Ag fundamentals, which in turn has resulted in early indications on our planters and sprayer EOP sales. How does this relate to inventory levels? Can you give us an update on how we're progressing in our inventory management plan?
Luke Gakstatter : Yes, you bet. And just as a reminder, our decision to underproduce is rooted in our learnings from the last cycle. Given that, we began taking actions last year and again this year to drive inventories lower. And while this has caused some short-term pain, it is the right plan to manage the cycle and better sets us up for whichever way the market --. And so with that, I would start by highlighting our situation in Brazil. This market has remained challenged, as you noted earlier. However, we significantly underproduce the market and despite the industry demand declining more than anticipated, we still seen inventory decline so far this year and fully anticipate that this trend will accelerate throughout the remainder. Relative to the North American large Ag segment, we are beginning to see the impacts of our proactive inventory management decisions with absolute units of new inventory declining double digits over the past quarter, outpacing the industry. We expect further reductions to occur during the fourth quarter, which is in line with historical trends. And while we expect our inventory to sales ratios, which remain below industry levels to end the year at roughly the same level as last year, this reflects a material decrease in the absolute number of industry. In fact, to put this into perspective, on an absolute basis, we are forecasting to end the year with less than 1 row crop tractor per dealer.
Josh Beal: If I might jump in and quickly add some color to Luke's comment on rest of the year reductions in North America. The underproduction of large tractors we highlighted last quarter will be a significant driver of the implied margin decline in our fourth quarter. For example, our guide contemplates planned shutdowns of our 8 Series tractor production line in Waterloo, Iowa for about 50% of the total production days in the quarter, which will have a material impact on our decremental margins. It's important to note here that these are shutdown days rather than line rate shifts as we work to implement our planned under production for fiscal 2024 as efficiently as possible while remaining agile enough to respond to any future demand changes next year.
Josh Rohleder: That's a great point to highlight, Josh. And in fact, we're taking that approach at other factories around the world. For example, our 6 Series tractors in Monheim, Germany are also planning a similar shutdown for roughly 1/3 of their fourth quarter production days, which will have an impact on small Ag margins as well. But to shift back to inventory levels, Luke, can you walk us through the use side.
Luke Gakstatter : Certainly. On the used inventory side, we've seen total units increase across all product lines year-over-year. While combines did peak near 10-year averages last quarter, we have since seen volumes retreat as dealers work through normal intra-season swing. As we look to finish out the year and into 2025, one of our primary focused areas is [indiscernible]. To that end, last week, we hosted our dealer CEOs and key leaders at various locations across North America. Our message to our dealers is clear, production in used inventory was our number one priority right now, and we were further committed to helping them drive down --. Furthermore, we rolled out additional programs and tactics to support them. The best example would be our increase in pool fund, which as a reminder, our dollars dealers earned from new sales that can be applied as incentives to used equipment. We expect this and other additional tactics to help them sell through late model, high horsepower tractors and combines to best position us for next year. Overall, as I reflect on the meetings with our dealers, I came away with a strong sense of optimism on 3 core points. Number one, incredibly strong alignment and focus between Deere and our dealers on managing used inventory differently from previous cycles. Two, our strategy of high-quality iron combined with world-class technology supported by the best dealers in the industry is a winning strategy that is delivering incremental value to our customers. And I heard a number of examples of this last week. And three, that despite headwinds in the industry, there is still strong support for Deere and dealers to continue to transform in areas that add significant customer value. Examples of this include even higher levels of tech utilization, along with greater investment in the tech stack and life cycle solutions.
John May: Yes, this is John. I'd like to add one additional point to share. I recently spoke with one of our largest dealers in the U.S. who said, he does not expect this downturn to be as prolonged as the last cycle. He noted that the proactive steps we are taking to manage inventory are reinforcing that sentiment. As Luke mentioned, Deere in our dealer network are working together to navigate this cycle differently. We are taking action more quickly and making more aggressive decisions to ensure that inventory levels remain balanced as markets soften, and our dealers are working closely with each customer to better rationalize equipment replacement schedules this time. We fundamentally believe that these actions will lead to more favorable cycle dynamics than in previous downturns.
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Luke and John. That's a great summary on both the current state of the industry as well as the proactive measures we're taking to manage it. Turning now to Construction & Forestry. We previously mentioned some increased volatility this quarter. Josh Beal, can you further break down what's happened and what that means for the final quarter of the year?
Josh Beal: Yes, definitely, Josh. This is really a story of 2 businesses, earthmoving and roadbuilding. While our roadbuilding business continues to experience more stable volumes, we've seen some hesitation in earthmoving equipment purchases. Project demand for our earthmoving customers has remained relatively unchanged. However, those same customers are seeing increased competition on their job bids as well as higher financing costs and overall higher equipment carrying costs following years -- recent years of high inflation. That means that while still profitable, many customers are experiencing lower profitability compared to just a year ago. And as a result, we are seeing some slowdown in order velocity, which is reflected in our guidance update. Additionally, rental CapEx spending has diminished with investments in construction equipment at multiyear lows following years of robust refleeting. Recall that Deere along with the industry, has been rebuilding our field inventory levels over the past several years. But the recent softening that we've seen, we are taking steps, similar to those in our Ag business, to underproduce retail demand in both our construction and compact construction equipment segments through the remainder of the year to best position ourselves for 2025. From a pricing perspective, we continue to see robust competition in the market. This, coupled with rising inventory levels has required the deployment of additional incentives into the market, resulting in net pricing declines this past quarter.
Josh Rohleder: Great. Thanks, Josh. And now for a final question. This quarter included a few special items. Josh Jepsen, can you walk us through those as well as the overall state of the business before we open up the line to investors?
Josh Jepsen : Yes, absolutely, Josh. I'd like to start by echoing John's appreciation to our entire John Deere team for their adaptability and resilience to the changes in demand and their continued commitment to delivering for our customers. This quarter, we made difficult decisions to structure the business to align with current market conditions. This involved a mid-single-digit reduction in our global salaried workforce, resulting in a onetime expense of approximately $150 million for the business, $124 million of which was booked in the third quarter, while delivering roughly $230 million in run rate savings. The net impact for 2024 is expected to be an expense of about $25 million. Given the velocity of the market pullback we've seen this year, this has also created volatility in our working capital. As a result, we've seen a downward revision to our operating cash flow guide. However, it's important to note that there are cost management actions, whether that be our supply management teams that are driving down production costs, are focused on reducing inbound and outbound freight or engineering teams working diligently to design out costs from new equipment and retrofit solutions are yielding savings in 2024 on material and freight which gives us confidence in our ability to deliver on our net income guide of approximately $7 billion this fiscal year. And these cost management actions are an example of the many things our team is doing every day to drive a structurally better business that has capital available to invest in value-enhancing products, solutions and support to help make our customers more productive, profitable and sustainable each and every day. And as we do that, all stakeholders of John Deere will benefit.
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Josh. Now let's open it up to questions from our investors. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will extract you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamie Cook from Truist Securities.
Jamie Cook: I guess just my first question or my 1 question, I'll get back in queue. I was surprised you guys were able to raise your price assumptions for 2024 in precision and production Ag to 2% from 1.5%, just given the fundamentals. So can you talk to what the factors were behind that? Any color on pricing per region? And does that include discounting? And just receptivity to the price increases you announced for 2025?
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Jamie. Thanks for the question. Yes, I mean as you think about pricing for the year, and we've talked -- we tend to think about normalized pricing is in that range of 2% to 3%. And -- and we've really seen that all year in both our North American market and in our European markets. As you know, as we've talked before, in Brazil, we have been talking about negative price this year in 2024 with the high inventories that we had to enter the year. Notably in the quarter, we had actually flattish price realization, actually slightly positive in Brazil. So we've seen that turn a little bit. It harkens back to some of the stabilization that John mentioned in the market. Additionally, in the back half of the year, we had planned some incentives as we were facing used inventory levels. We didn't have to deploy as many of those in the quarter, and we're seeing favorable price there as well. As you talked about early order programs for 2025 and the price there, I think Luke gave some color on how that's building over the course of the year, I think at a very sort of normal rate to what we've seen historically in time to build. So that pricing seems appropriate.
Josh Jepsen: Jamie, it's Josh Jepsen. One thing I would add to -- a little bit to your question is our incentives included in that number. And they are. So when we talk about incremental pool funds that Luke mentioned to help move used in the full year, that's in so that raise in the net price from 1.5 to 2 for production precision Ag embeds what we're doing from an incentive perspective. So I think continuing to be disciplined in how we manage that, but also mindful of how we best position inventory, both new and used as we roll into '25.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Angel Castillo from Morgan Stanley.
Angel Castillo: Just wanted to dig in a little bit more into the Construction segment. You talked about implementing an underproduction strategy similar to what you've been doing in Ag. Could you talk about the magnitude of that? How much you're planning to underproduce. And you noted, I think, rising inventories. So as we think about how long this can kind of persist, do you anticipate for this to be kind of continuing into fiscal 1Q or 2Q? And just kind of what the magnitude is that do you think you need to work through in terms of underproduction and just how that maybe relates to your ability to get price in the next few quarters?
Josh Rohleder: Yes. Thanks for the question, Angel. Maybe starting on the field inventories, -- we -- as you recall, we have been building inventories over the past year or so. But this year, construction equipment pretty much producing in line with demand. We feel like we got field inventories at a level that's very normal within our inventory band. As we mentioned, we did see some softening over the past quarter. We had a couple of months of down retail sales for the industry actually came out last night as well. So I think it's now 3 months running of down retail sales for the industry and a little bit of softening in order velocity. And given that we've made the decision to proactively bring down inventory levels to the lower end of those bands, again, sitting at pretty normal levels now on construction equipment. And so what that will amount to is about mid-single-digit underproduction in construction equipment for this year. On Compact Construction, we were still building some inventory this year. We'll underproduce a little bit in the fourth quarter there, but not for compact is still pretty much production in line, in fact, building inventories this year net on compact construction.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Angel, I would say I think as you contemplate inventory levels and where we're planning. As we look to execute this under production and see our retail plants come through in 4Q, we think that positions us really well for the year to come and would not expect to see dramatic changes there, but the guide would be -- or the goal would be to build it in line with retail as we step forward. .
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan.
Tami Zakaria: So I wanted to build on the pricing conversation. I think you mentioned 2% to 3% pricing in the EOP order book for seasonal Ag products. Could you share any comments on what you're seeing on the construction side? Are there any orders in the books for next fiscal? And if still -- can you comment on what kind of pricing you're seeing for that segment?
Josh Rohleder: Tami, we wouldn't have a guide yet for '25 on pricing. I think definitely in the construction market, we talked about increased levels of price competition. We're seeing that. We did lower our full year guide down to 0.5 point for 2024, given some of the increased pressure. And then that would imply for Q4, flattish pricing for the segment. And so we're definitely balancing price with share as we navigate the competition in the market. But again, for the full year, we're expecting to see about 0.5 point of price.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich : John, in the prepared remarks, and Luke, you mentioned this as well, the focus on keeping those downturn shorter than in prior cycles. I'm wondering, as you folks look at the moving pieces for '25 that you shared with us on this call, so it sounds like we've got headwinds from the weaker demand that you laid out in the early order program, but we've got tailwinds from other production of $2 billion of dealer inventory destock this year. We have list price increases, and it sounds like there's some cost takeout opportunities. So I'm wondering if there are any other moving pieces that we should be keeping in mind as we think about '25 as consensus estimates have earnings is essentially flat '25 versus '24.
Josh Rohleder: Yes. I'll maybe start, Jerry, and then John, feel free to jump in. I mean, certainly, as we think about the dynamics that we're seeing on early order programs, I think one thing to note is that the sprayer and planter EOP when they were opened last summer, we still had corn. They opened a corn was above $6 a bushel, and they closed at over $5 a bushel. And so Luke mentioned this in his comments that those are 2 product lines that were basically at peak volumes again in 2024. And so some early indication there as we're seeing that cycling, as we've talked about down double digits on both of those. It's not necessarily a read-through to all product lines just given the dynamics of those particular individual product lines. But given that, and we've been talking about this all year, is the setup for controlling what we can control, and that starts with inventory management. And so as we talked in large Ag, this is a global statement. But globally, high single-digit underproduction for the segment across all regions really setting us up to be well positioned at the low end of our inventory band as we enter in the year. In addition to that, there's been -- by making those production adjustments, there have been some cost headwinds that have come into the business this year. As we ramped down production, we've seen some overhead in efficiencies as we've made those adjustments. So that kind of nets out to a positive tailwind next year as well as some of the cost actions that we've taken. Josh Jepsen mentioned the run rate savings on the workforce adjustment that will be tailwinds into '25 as well. So again, we don't know fully what the year looks like in 2025. We're getting some early reads, but you're doing what we can, both from an inventory and cost standpoint to set us up.
John May: Yes, Jerry, thanks for the question. One of the things we did right away when we started to see some demand soften, we went back and looked at prior periods of where we saw the industry start to cycle downward or soften and we saw a lot of mistakes that we made and, frankly, the industry made as well. And we decided this time we were going to control what we can control, and we are going to act with speed action and tight collaboration with our dealer channel. And that's all about taking out inventories, underproducing retail demand -- it's all about taking out excess costs and restructuring the business to function in a much leaner environment. In the past, that might have taken us 2 to 2.5 years to react, we reacted in the first quarter. And I'm really proud of the team for doing that. And while the changes are difficult and sometimes it's hard on the employees, it's the right thing to do. The other thing, Jerry, I'd just like to mention is -- the team also knows it's important while you're doing this to remain focused on what matters, and that's disciplined execution, continue to execute in the factory, obviously, proactive inventory management. We've got to build high-quality product and make sure that we're meeting our customers' needs and then cost the business, structure the business in a way that allows us to be -- continue to be profitable and generate the money we need to continue to reinvest in our business and our portfolio. So thank you for that question.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of David Raso from Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Yes, the spirit of the question is related to how to look at the fourth quarter if people are trying to figure out what's that kind of run rate annualized adjusting for seasonality. I guess, I have a question, but just a clarification, the first on the fourth quarter. The net income guide for the year implies EPS for the fourth quarter around $4.20. But if you run it from the business segment level, it's more implying only $3. So I don't know if it's something one-off in the fourth quarter, like sometimes it's a non-service pension income, right, when that's a big income flow from better asset returns. It's not in the segments, it's another. But we have the tax rate guide. We have all the segment guide. We have FinCo. So just given the importance of how people are looking at the fourth quarter, what's that $1.20 EPS GAAP? And the real question is. All right, we have the fourth quarter. We have a lot of shutdowns. Can we still think about the first quarter of '25, the second quarter '25 in a normal seasonal way for large Ag -- call it global Ag, right? Global Ag is usually down 20% first quarter versus the fourth? And then it goes up over time, it's like 50%. Is the fourth quarter in that similar pattern, the setup that we should think of it as down 20% in the first quarter and then goes up from there? Or is the fourth quarter so low, it doesn't have to go down sequentially. So that's the spirit of the question. Is that fourth quarter number, just a clarification and how to think about normal seasonality? Have we altered that with how deep the cuts are in the fourth quarter?
Josh Jepsen: David, thanks for the question. This is Jepsen. I think maybe to start, we don't think the fourth quarter is indicative of how you would run into 2025. And the biggest reason are the underproduction in those shutdowns that we've talked about. So Waterloo tractors, half of the production days in the fourth quarter were not producing. Harvester combined is something like 2/3 of the production days were not we're not operating. Similarly, Monheim, Josh Rohleder mentioned 1/3 of days, we're underproducing pretty significantly in construction equipment in the fourth quarter as well. So that is even though typically, we have some shutdown and more on the seasonal products like combines, we've pulled that back much more significantly in the fourth quarter. And you're right, margins, EPS will suffer as a result of that. But we don't think that is a good launching point from an EPS perspective or how we run from a margin perspective into 1Q '25. While we don't have a 1Q '25 guide, I would say because of that on our production, probably the typical seasonal patterns in sales should not follow what maybe they would have historically.
David Raso: Come on the gap in the fourth quarter. What -- clarification, please.
Josh Jepsen: I think what you see there, it's really the operational aspects of what we see flowing through from a margin perspective. So I think that's the biggest driver. I don't see anything significant from a kind of below the line that would drive a significant delta there.
David Raso: We can talk -- but it is a pretty big gap.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Kristen Owen from Oppenheimer.
Kristen Owen: Also a little bit of clarification on some of the prepared comments and some of the Q&A afterwards. I just want to make sure I understand inventory to sales ratio in the third quarter looks like that was flat from 2Q -- just help us understand the difference in end user demand versus those production declines? And then how we should still think about building to a target of 10% inventory to sales. Is that still the outlook? Just a little bit more granularity on some of those comments that you made on the inventory to sales ratio.
John May: Kristen, thanks for the question. Yes, as you talk about greater than 100-horsepower tractors, you're right, flattish from an [IS ratio] quarter-over-quarter. I think it's important at such a broad range of the 100 horsepower, it's better to look at. If you look at 220 plus, we're now down about 20% -- down to about 20% IS ratio as we exit Q3, which is a pretty normal spot to be. And we are -- if you talk about that in absolute units about a 10% reduction in absolute units in the field over the quarter. So we are seeing the progress that we anticipated. And as we mentioned last year, we talked about -- we ended the year at about 15% inventory to sales on 220-horsepower plus. We expect to be at that level or better. So maybe a little bit higher than we were talking 10% last quarter, but still in that range of at or lower than the 15% [IS ratio] that we exited 220-plus last year.
Josh Jepsen: Kristen, this is Jepsen, I think one thing, too. If you look at 100 plus, we're around 30%, 31% [indiscernible] ratio. I think the industry ex-Deere is closer to 70%, so we're running particularly lean in that and we feel good about that and how we're executing in that regard. So we're going to keep kind of as John mentioned, controlling what we can there and managing inventories and working really closely with the dealers to execute on those new end-use plans.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson: Maybe drilling down more on some of your See & Spray early feedback commentary. Maybe you could talk about -- you talked about how your -- the efficacy, the ROIs all hitting what you thought on some of the early days here. Can you maybe elaborate on that? What are the components that you're really seeing that are working like you saw what are the lessons you've learned that maybe you've got to work on and do it better. If you get some real experience have some volume.
Josh Beal: Joe, welcome the call. Good to hear from you. Yes, I'll start and then maybe Luke you want to jump in with some feedback from the field. As you'll recall, Joel, this year in 2024 as a limited release of See & Spray, both on our ultimate solution -- infact some ultimate solution and on the premium retrofit. And I think we've been very, very encouraged by the results in the field for those operators that have gotten in and used the technology. Josh Jepsen mentioned they're seeing savings on their herbicide at or better than our expectations for I think sensor premium as an example, greater than 50% savings for the folks that had it in the field. I think what you're seeing is it is a new technology Josh Jepsen mentioned this as well, that changes a lot about how our growers do their operations, everything from how they buy their chemical, it's how they tender their chemical in the field. The efficacy also drives a change of operation. I think you're seeing customers figuring that out in the first year of use. Some of our top-end customers putting a lot of acres on See & Spray as they're figuring out how to use it. I think you've had some others in that segment of that limited release this year that are kind of in a trial phase as they figure out how to best implement that into their operations. But I think the net takeaway is that everyone's feeling good about the technology and the efficacy and now it's about implementing and adopting it into their business. I don't know Luke, there's anything you want to add?
Luke Gakstatter: I think that's well said, Josh. And as you look at the performance we've seen across 2024, we've been incredibly encouraged by the number of acres that are -- we're See & Spray utilized. We're also encouraged by the feedback we're hearing from both customers and dealers. And Josh, you said it earlier, I think one of the biggest opportunities we continue to have is working with the growers as they think about it from an overall production system in terms of how do they do their tendering and how do they do the setup. And those are things that we continue to collaborate with our dealers on to help those customers be able to work through those opportunities.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. This is Jepsen. Maybe one thing to add, just for perspective. When we rolled out ExactEmerge, so really revolutionizing planting, doubling the speed of planting more precise in terms of seed placement, First year for that was 2015, and we did about 10% take rate. So to be in not a terribly dissimilar spot with See & Spray, which is arguably probably a bigger step function change and maybe a bit more disruptive to how do you have to plan and execute. We think it's a good start. Obviously, tons of opportunity, and we're going to keep working on this and delivering that outcome for the customer becomes really important.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Mig Dobre from Baird.
Mig Dobre: Just a clarification on inventories for me as well. If I look at your Slide 15, where you discussed Canada and U.S. inventories, the way I'm interpreting that table -- to me, that looks like your unit inventories in both wheel drive tractors and combines are flat versus a year ago? Do correct me if I'm wrong here. But if that's the case, and I understand it correctly, I'm sort of curious as to how your production cuts actually flow through here. I mean is there a natural lag that we should be thinking about? And as we think about what you're going to report next quarter or Q1 of '25. How should we think about these metrics given your production cuts?
Josh Rohleder: Yes. Great question, Mig. Good to hear from you. Yes, I mean I think as you -- as we talk about North America, specifically in the inventory there, recall that primarily for North America, it's been a focus on building in line with retail. The one segment of the industry where we're underproducing is in row crop tractors. And you're seeing that pull down into 220-horsepower plus. Again, a lot of that is going to happen in the fourth quarter. We've mentioned Waterloo being shut down half the days in the quarter. So it's a significant underproduction quarter on top of that, for tractor retail tends to be a very strong retail quarter as well. So that's going to be a big quarter for drawdown on the row crop side. But you're going to see under production and combines as well. That's part of normal seasonality probably having some more under production this year. Again, Johnson mentioned, 2/3 of the days at Harvester will be shut down in the quarter. So we'll have some significant draw down there. So we're very much in line with kind of normal seasonality in a lot of those product lines. But again, you'll see that typical drawdown and probably greater than normal drawdown in Q4.
John May: Yes, Josh, I think another important point here is, in my career, I've never witnessed the level of alignment with our dealer network that we have today, focused on proactively managing this cycle while investing in our future together. Our dealers are this time playing a critical role in providing differentiated support that is critical to uptime reliability and overall customer support. So we have full alignment with our dealers. They're working on inventories and they're continuing to serve the customers in industry-leading way. So we're really pleased with where we are.
Operator: And for our final question, we'll go to the line of Chad Dillard from Bernstein.
Chad Dillard: Just had a question for you guys on decrementals in the fourth quarter. So I was hoping you could frame how big the under-absorption impact will be from underproduction across the [indiscernible]. So for example, for production precision, it seems like incremental is in a [15%] range versus a more typical 35%. I was hoping you could just kind of walk through those moving pieces?
Josh Jepsen: Chad, this is Jepsen. I think -- yes, I mean, decremental is a bit higher in 4Q compared to what we've done through the year, the underproduction, the biggest driver far and away. I don't have a good impact on just the fourth quarter. But if you look at the full year, the underproduction is probably 1.5 points to 2 points of margin drag. And that's more than what we would have contemplated earlier in the year, but in that range for the full year. And fair to say the majority of that impacts 4Q and a bit to David's question really weighs on what we see from an absolute margin perspective, but also decrementals in the quarter.
Josh Rohleder: Thanks all. That's all the time we have for today. We appreciate everybody calling in, and thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in the Deere & Company third quarter earnings conference call. That concludes the call for today. You may disconnect at this time, and have a great rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-05-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Beal, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. 
Josh Beal: Hello. Welcome, and thank you for joining us on today's call. Joining me on the call today are Josh Jepsen, Chief Financial Officer; Cory Reed, President Worldwide Agriculture and Turf division, Production & Precision Ag Americas and Australia; and Josh Rohleder, Manager of Investor Communications.  
 Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2024. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings.  
 First, a reminder, this call is broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited.  
 Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call.  
 This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances and other factors that are difficult to predict. 
 Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K, risk factors in the annual Form 10-K as updated by reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
 This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events.  
 I will now turn the call over to Josh Rohleder. 
Josh Rohleder: Good morning. John Deere concluded the second quarter with solid execution. Financial results for the quarter included a 21.2% margin for the equipment operations. Trends in the end markets that we serve remain broadly unchanged from last quarter. Ag fundamentals continue to abate leading to more challenging market conditions in the back half of the year.  
 In construction and forestry, fundamentals remained stable at levels supportive of demand across most end markets. Demand shifts, coupled with proactive inventory management are reflected in our production schedules for the balance of the fiscal year, with many product lines anticipating retail demand under production to close out 2024. Notably, our projected financial performance in these dynamic market conditions demonstrates our ability to deliver better results across the business cycle.  
 We now begin with Slide 3 and our results for the second quarter. Net sales and revenues were down 12% to $15.235 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were down 15% to $13.61 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $2.37 billion or $8.53 per diluted share.  
 Digging into our individual business segments, we'll start with the Production and Precision Ag business on Slide 4. Net sales of $6.581 billion were down 16% compared to the second quarter last year, primarily due to lower shipment volumes, which were partially offset by price realization. Price realization was positive by just under 2 points. Currency translation was roughly flat.  
 Operating profit was $1.65 billion, resulting in a 25.1% operating margin for the segment. The year-over-year decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes and higher production costs. These were partially offset by price realization.  
 Turning to Small Ag and Turf on Slide 5. Net sales were down 23%, totaling $3.185 billion in the second quarter as a result of lower shipment volumes, partially offset by price realization. Price realization was positive by 1.5 points. Currency translation was roughly flat. Operating profit declined year-over-year to $571 million, resulting in a 17.9% operating margin. The decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes, which were partially offset by price realization.  
 Slide 6 provides our industry outlook for ag and turf markets globally. Across all our major markets, we see continued softening in grower sentiment as the combined impacts of rising global stocks, lower commodity prices, high interest rates and weather volatility weigh on customer purchase decisions. Amidst this backdrop, and rising uncertainty, we're seeing customers exercise greater discretion in their equipment purchases, which is reflected in the changes in our industry guide this quarter.  
 Large ag equipment industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are now expected to decline 15%, reflecting further demand reduction in the back half of the year, primarily in large tractors. In addition to the aforementioned factors, increases in used inventory levels, particularly late model year machines are having an impact on purchase decisions. These headwinds are partially offset by fleet fundamental tailwinds, including elevated fleet age, stable farmland values and strong farmland balance sheets.  
 For Small Ag and Turf in the U.S. and Canada, industry demand estimates are now down 10%. In the quarter, we saw notable reductions in our expectations for the turf segment, particularly riding lawn equipment where high interest rates are impacting purchase behavior following several years of strong market demand.  
 In Europe, the industry is now forecasted to be down 15%, reflecting increasing grower uncertainty in the region. Wet conditions have raised concerns for winter crop yields, while elevated input costs are weighing on margin expectations. Despite the softening, variable cash flows remain at roughly 10-year averages, and dairy and livestock fundamentals are expected to improve due to stronger pricing amid lower feed costs.  
 In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are now expected to decline between 15% to 20%. Brazil remains the largest affected market with additional pressure stemming from strong global yields, driving down commodity prices. Both soy and corn margin expectations softened over the quarter. Conditions are further impacted by elevated interest rates and an expected strong recovery in Argentina production levels following last year's drought.  
 Industry sales in Asia continue to be forecasted down moderately.  
 Next, our segment forecast begin on Slide 7. For Production and Precision Ag, net sales are forecasted to be down between 20% and 25% for the full year. The forecast assumes roughly 1.5% of positive price realization for the full year and minimal currency impact. For the segment's operating margin, our full year forecast is now between 20.5% and 21.5% due to demand softening and proactive inventory management.  
 Slide 8 shows our forecast for the Small Ag and Turf segment. We now expect net sales to be down between 20% and 25%. The guide includes 1.5 points of positive price realization and flat currency translation. The segment's operating margin is now between 13.5% and 14.5%, in line with slowing net sales.  
 Shifting to Construction and Forestry on Slide 9. Net sales for the quarter were down 7% year-over-year at $3.844 billion due to lower shipment volumes. Price realization was positive by roughly 0.5 point while currency translation was flat. Operating profit of $668 million was down year-over-year, resulting in a 17.4% operating margin due primarily to lower shipment volumes and higher R&D and SA&G expenses.  
 Slide 10 gives our 2024 Construction and Forestry, industry outlook. Industry sales expectations for earthmoving equipment in the U.S. and Canada remained flat to down 5% while compact construction equipment in the U.S. and Canada is expected to be flat. Industry fundamentals remain vastly unchanged with stabilized demand supported by visibility into the balance of the year, and markets continue to be healthy as U.S. government infrastructure spending further increases. Investments in manufacturing persist and single-family housing starts to improve.  
 Tailwinds are tempered by declines in commercial real estate and softening in rental demand throughout the balance of the year. Global forestry markets are expected to be down around 10% as all global markets continue to be challenged. Global road building markets are now forecasted to be flat to down 5% as strong infrastructure spending in the U.S. is offset by continued softness in Western Europe.  
 Moving to the Construction and Forestry segment outlook on Slide 11. 2024, net sales remain forecasted to be down between 5% and 10%. Net sales guidance for the year includes about 1.5 points of positive price realization and flat currency translation. The segment's operating margin is projected to be around 17%.  
 Transitioning to our Financial Services operations on Slide 12. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the second quarter was $162 million. Net income was positively impacted by a higher average portfolio balance, which was partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses and less favorable financing spreads. As a reminder, net income in the second quarter of 2023 was also impacted by a nonrepeating onetime accounting correction.  
 For fiscal year 2024, our outlook for net income remains at $770 million as benefits from a higher average portfolio balance offset a higher provision for credit losses and less favorable financing spreads.  
 Finally, Slide 13 outlines our guidance for Deere & Company's net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year '24, our outlook for net income is now expected to be approximately $7 billion. Next, our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate between 23% and 25%. And lastly, cash flow from the equipment operations is now projected to be in the range of $7 billion to $7.25 billion.  
 This concludes our formal comments. We'll now shift to a few topics specific to the quarter. Let's begin with Deere's performance this quarter. We saw net sales decline roughly 15% year-over-year, yet operating margin came in at just over 21%. Across all business segments, we saw better-than-expected performance despite a more challenging macro backdrop. 
 Josh Beal, can you walk us through what went well for Deere? 
Josh Beal: Yes. Absolutely, Josh. This is really a story of executional discipline across the organization. We were able to outperform on the top line as demand held up slightly better than we expected. In particular, we saw resilient earthmoving and road building market that exceeded our expectations despite a tough competitive environment. 
 Turning to production costs. Freight came in solidly favorable year-over-year. However, as you noted earlier, we are experiencing offsetting headwinds and overheads as we adjust production to moderating demand. All that being said, it's worth noting that this quarter's performance with equipment operations margin over 21% ranks as one of the best quarters in company history. We're encouraged by the start to the year, and we're focused on executing our plan in the remaining 2 quarters. 
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Josh. That's a great summary and a great point you bring up. It's clearly been a strong executional start for the year, but we've revised our full year guidance. 
 What's driving the delta in the back half of the fiscal year? 
Josh Beal: Right. The forecast change is really volume-driven, primarily in our ag and turf segments. Underlying the demand decline is a tougher backdrop in global ag, which as you mentioned in your opening comments, has continued to weigh on our customer base. Uncertainty has caused a decline in farmer sentiment. And as a result, we are seeing a softer retail environment today than we did just 6 months ago. 
 Primary crop margins globally are forecasted to be down. [ Stock fees ] are expected to be above historical averages, thanks to multiple years of favorable growing conditions and record global yields, used inventories have risen and persistently high interest rates are impacting purchase decisions. 
 Despite all these headwinds, we experienced strong demand in the first half of the year, albeit down from the highs of 2023, which drove solid first half production volumes for ag and turf. 
 Given the environment that I just mentioned, we do expect incremental demand decline in the back half of 2024. Notably, our production volumes will decline more than demand in the back half as we're taking proactive steps to drive down field inventories. This is true for all of our major markets, South America, Europe and also now for North America large tractors. We believe this approach best positions us to build the retail demand for '25. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen here. Maybe a couple of things to add. First, I want to commend our employees for the work they've done to drive the overall decrementals for the business despite the velocity of declines we're experiencing this year. We're delivering value for our customers and driving operating margins that are structurally better at this point in the cycle than ever before. 
 However, there's always opportunity to do better, and we'll continue to take action on costs throughout the remainder of the year while still investing in our future. 
Josh Rohleder: Thanks for that additional color, Josh. And you make a great point about the decrementals. We're definitely being impacted by more definitely being impacted more significantly than usual by the unfavorable mix associated with higher margin products and regions declining more significantly. 
 But I think the key differentiator this year is around more proactive management. Both you and Beal alluded to the rate at which we're bringing in production. 
 Cory, I'd like to bring you into the conversation now. You've been in the ag business nearly your entire career. What is different in terms of how we have managed the changing environment in this cycle? 
Cory Reed: Yes. Thanks, Josh. We are coming down from a period of high demand, and historically, we would have, as an industry, been slow to react to that change. Often, we would drive higher levels of field inventory to the detriment of the following years. 
 Within Deere, we're managing this year differently, which is a testament to the fact that both we and our dealers have learned from the past cycles. This is probably best exemplified by our decision to underproduce large tractor retail demand in North America in the back half of the year. 
 We ended 2023 with really low levels of large tractor inventory, but we think it's prudent to drive those levels even lower as we close out our '24. The key here is that by staying ahead of demand changes, we're giving ourselves the optionality to react most efficiently to whichever way the market moves in the next year. 
 I think it's important to note that we're not implying that we know where 2025 demand will be, frankly, this season's crops aren't even in the ground yet. So it's still way too early to opine on that. But we're focused on proactive management to ensure that we keep inventories in balance with demand. This is a key component to ensuring better structural profitability throughout the cycle for our business. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen. One other thing to highlight beyond the current environment, and where we see the long-term strategy leading us, is related to technology and how we engage with our customers. We're starting to think about market share, not only as the number of units sold but as the number of acres covered by Deere products and technologies as a percentage of total acres farmed. 
 In the future, we're going to continue accelerating the utilization of technology as we grow our precision upgrade retrofit business as well as Solution-as-a-Service offerings. 
 Our engaged acre journey helps demonstrate the progress we've made in delivering value for customers and making their jobs easier to do. In fact, at the end of the quarter, we now cover over 415 million engaged acres globally, and importantly, highly engaged acres which, as a reminder, means 3 production steps and value-creating activities in the John Deere operations center are performed, make up over 25% of the engaged acres amount, having grown by double digits this past quarter alone. 
 While all parts of the world are seeing growth, Brazil is growing faster than North America on both engaged and highly engaged acres, which is a positive sign as we bring more technology to the market, in particular with satellite communications coming soon. And customers there see increased value given the multiple crop harvest each year as well as the ability to improve efficiency, profitability and sustainability in their operations. 
Josh Rohleder: Those are excellent proof points. But one thing we haven't covered yet is costs. A key benefit of proactive cycle management should theoretically be the associated cost savings. We're seeing another year of positive price cost. 
 But can you break down what's driving that positive differential for us? 
Josh Beal: Definitely, yes. That's a great point, Josh, and I'm happy to start. I'd begin by referencing back to what Josh Jepsen talked about earlier, along with structural cost reductions, we continue to prioritize managing to our structure lines, which essentially means as production and sales come in, we pull levers to bring in costs. 
 Our speed in pulling those levers and the subsequent timing of those actions hitting the bottom line is a top priority right now. The outcomes of these efforts show up in the production cost bar in our quarterly earnings bridge. 
 Given that there's a lot that goes into that cost category, it might be helpful to walk through a few of the notable components. 
 Starting with freight and material, we're beginning to see the benefits of our ongoing cost reduction efforts. We're encouraged by the opportunity to get back significant cost on freight and logistics as well as in our material spend. We're truly building strategic partnerships with our supply base as we jointly work to structure sourcing in a way that ultimately creates value for both parties. 
 Coupled with our dual sourcing strategies, we've been able to enhance supply chain resiliency in tandem with cost savings, which has been crucial to optimizing returns amidst lower demand. 
 Those cost reduction efforts are important given we have seen some manufacturing overhead efficiencies associated with managing to lower production levels. This references back to my comment on the timing of lever pulling and the timing of those actions impacting financials. 
 We're actively taking steps to manage costs as we see demand change, essentially rightsizing the cost structure for a given production level. But in a year when we're moving down in volume, we've experienced some inefficiency as we make those adjustments. This headwind is showing up in the production cost bar as well, largely offsetting the gains that we're seeing in freight, logistics and material spend this year. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen. Maybe one thing worth mentioning is we also pull levers on assets. And that's evident when you look at our cash flow guidance change, which is now less in this guide compared to the change in net income. This is reflective of the fact we're starting to see our inventory come down following our production rate reductions in the first half of the year, creating a source of cash for the business. 
 We're continuing to manage working capital and expect further reductions throughout the remainder of the year. 
Josh Rohleder: Perfect. And in the spirit of inventory management, I'd like to briefly touch on new and used inventories. Josh Beal, could you give us an update on where we stand today and what to expect in the back half of the year? 
Josh Beal: Yes, absolutely. And I'll start with new equipment. In North America, large ag, we're seeing intra-season inventory build as expected, albeit below industry levels and inventory to sales ratios -- ratio increases in line with historical norms. That said, given our proactive underproduction previously discussed, we expect these numbers to fall by year-end with beginning 2025 inventory to sales ratios down significantly from where they stand today. 
 Furthermore, we expect to see the largest decline in new inventory levels to occur during the fourth quarter as normal year-end seasonal declines are amplified by our planned underproduction for the year. 
 On the used inventory side, we've seen total used units up year-over-year. While combines are up from decade lows, they remain below the highs seen in the last downturn. Meanwhile, used high horsepower tractors have increased more rapidly and are skewing more predominantly to later models, driving up the average value of the equipment. The trend that we're seeing in used high horsepower tractors was a key factor in our decision to underproduce retail demand in North America. 
Cory Reed: Josh, this is Cory. Just one thing to add here is as you look at the industry as a whole, we've been relatively disciplined. Our large ag new inventory in North America currently represents less than half of the industry's unit inventory and significantly below the industry on an inventory to sales ratio basis. This is reflective of the discipline we're showing in this cycle. 
 And on the used side, our dealers are hyper-focused on used inventory, managing them appropriately to ensure that they maintain a healthy trade ladder for their customers. For example, this cycle, we put a strong focus on our dealer pool funds to help manage used inventories. Dealers accumulate these funds based on new equipment sales and then use them to create competitive packages to help move used equipment. 
 Our dealers prudently build up these funds over the last several years, nearly tripling their total available balance which is now providing valuable support in the current market environment. 
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Cory and Josh. That's a good reminder on intra-year seasonality swings and how those play into our larger production and inventory management. 
 Shifting now to a region we haven't talked much about yet. I'd like to focus on Brazil. There's been quite a bit of buzz down there between first crop harvest, Agrishow 2 weeks ago, and the recent devastating flooding in Rio Grande do Sul. 
 Josh Beal, do you want to kick us off with a quick overview on the state of the business there? 
Josh Beal: Yes, happy to. And definitely a dynamic market to unpack. And I'd like to first start by extending our deepest sympathies to those affected by the tragic flooding you mentioned, Josh, including a significant number of our employees, customers and suppliers. We want to wish everyone well in the recovery, and I want to emphasize that the safety and security of our employees is our first priority as we assess and respond to the impacts of the event. 
 Operationally, while we do have facilities in the region, we do not anticipate any long-term impacts to the business at this time. 
 Turning to the broader Brazilian ag environment. Soybean farmers saw profitability decline due to adverse weather conditions and global supply surpluses. That said, we do expect some favorable offsets with a strong cotton crop this year and a better-than-expected corn crop, which should provide some support to farmer sentiment for the 2024 season. 
 All in, ag equipment retail demand in the region continues to decline, driving the change in our industry guide. 
 While production cuts came through as expected for the quarter, retail sales came in lighter than anticipated. Nevertheless, we remain committed to underproducing retail demand in the region this year as we target year-end inventory levels, supportive of building in line with retail in 2025. Ultimately, we'll see more of the planned inventory reduction for the region in the back half of the year. 
Josh Rohleder: Perfect. Thanks for setting the stage, Josh. Now Cory, I believe you were just down there for Agrishow. Could you give us an update on what you saw there and the sentiment you were hearing from dealers and customers? 
Cory Reed: Absolutely. That sentiment was positive, Josh. This is not to say that we've reached an inflection point, given Josh Beal's comments earlier about retail activity. But I think the biggest takeaway was the excitement that we're seeing for our latest tech offerings. In fact, we're taking preorder interest for our StarLink connectivity solution and ended up oversubscribed by the first day of the show. We similarly sold out of our allotments for See & Spray Select and our Precision Ag Essentials bundle that was also a great success. 
 Fundamentally, we're at the forefront of bringing our full ecosystem of solutions to the Brazilian market, and our customers there are very calculated in their investments. They adopt when it makes financial sense, and given the double or sometimes even triple crop rotations they're able to achieve, the payback for much of our technology and equipment is significantly faster than in the North American market. 
 I'll take think sprayers as an example. In the U.S., the corner soybean farmer may only spray 3x annually. But in Brazil, a farmer on a soybean and cotton rotation could spray as much as 20x a year. This is why we're so focused on bringing our customers the solutions and connectivity that enables them to drive more value from their operations. 
 And the great thing is that tech adoption was only half the story at the show at Agrishow. We saw equipment order interest rebound from last year's lows, including some of our most productive product offerings like our new 9RX tractors and X9 combines. Adding in the strong fundamentals and demand for sugarcane harvesters, we feel optimistic about the future of agriculture in Brazil. 
 So while the competitive landscape continues to expand in the region, we feel confident not only in our ability to deliver additional value to our customers via our integrated solutions, but also through the strong dealer network that we've worked hard to build out. These dealers are providing industry differentiated support to our customers, helping to drive uptime and reliability required in an environment where there's no off-season. 
Josh Rohleder: Awesome. That's really great insight, Cory. Now for the last topic, I'd like to briefly touch on Construction and Forestry, which is relatively stable this quarter. Earthmoving end markets remain largely unchanged quarter-over-quarter, while road building has seen some minimal shifts in North America, albeit remaining at strong demand levels. .
 Josh Beal, can you give us a little more color on this part of the business and what we should expect for the balance of the year? 
Josh Beal: Definitely, Josh. The key takeaway for the quarter is what you noted, minimal change at healthy levels of demand. As we've noted on previous calls, we expected some decline year-over-year unrelated to end market demand as we build less inventory this year relative to 2023. 
 While contractor backlogs remain healthy and utilization at sustainable levels, we've seen rental CapEx come in, in our new and used inventory levels currently around long-term averages. Our guide is also supported by an order book for earthmoving equipment that extends out approximately 4 months into the fourth quarter. 
 The only other point I'd highlight is around pricing. In addition to strong demand, we're also seeing strong competition, bolstered by industry inventory levels that have recovered and a shift in the competitive landscape with a stronger U.S. dollar. 
 However, we remain committed to a disciplined approach that balances both market share and price. Overall, our earthmoving and road building segments continue to deliver structurally better financial performance than we've seen historically. 
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Josh. That's a great update. And before we open the line to questions, Josh Jepsen, any final comments? 
Josh Jepsen: Certainly. It was a good second quarter with strong results to round out the first half of the year. Despite a dynamic global ag market and competitive construction environment in North America, we performed at structurally higher levels across the business. Given the pullback we've seen in ag markets, we now expect to end the year moderately below mid-cycle levels. 
 This quarter, we also returned approximately $1.5 billion in cash to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases and remain committed to returning cash to shareholders while concurrently investing in the business via value-accretive CapEx and R&D spending. 
 I want to reinforce that we're not new to market cycles, and we've learned from the past, making us a more resilient and better prepared business than ever before. Our proactive management reflects this and demonstrates that we are structurally better business today with equipment margins forecast just above 18% despite unfavorable mix in a rapidly shifting global environment. And as a result, we feel that we are putting ourselves in the best position possible for the future. 
 Regardless of where we are in the cycle, we remain committed to our customers and their needs, ensuring our solutions drive real value to their business while Deere and our dealers provide the support they need to be successful. The progress on technology adoption and utilization -- earlier with our engaged and highly engaged acre progress, provides evidence of the value in our integrated offering of equipment, technology and digital tools. 
 At the end of the day, we're focused on doing more so our customers can do less, and we are more excited every day about the vast amount of opportunities that lay in front of us. 
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Josh. Now let's open it up to questions from our investors. 
Josh Beal: We're now ready to open -- to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. [Operator Instructions] 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could just expand on the... 
Josh Beal: Jerry, we lost you. You've broken up a little bit. We can't hear what you're saying. Amanda, we might need to move back to Jerry. Jerry, if you can hear us, you're not coming through. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. 
Zeyu Song: This is Grace on for Angel. I think your updated guidance for Production and Precision Ag, I believe, implies 50% decrementals and high teens margins. So can you talk about the underlying drivers of that? And what you see as ultimately the normalized level of profitability for the segment? And as part of that, what gives you comfort that we will see margins move lower to the low to mid-teens range? 
Josh Beal: Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes. I mean really, what we saw in Production of Precision Ag in the quarter was, as we described in our comments, some further softening in markets really around the globe, and you saw that reflected in our industry guides. 
 North America, Brazil and Europe, we saw pullbacks across all those markets. And as a result, we've adjusted production accordingly, again, we talked on the call. Our #1 focus is to position ourselves to build in line with retail demand. And so as we've seen those shifts. 
 In the end markets, we're making those adjustments, again, to keep us in line. I think the one notable change probably from some of our prior commentary is around North America. Really, the softening that we saw in that market was around the large ag -- large tractors, excuse me. And as we saw in that pullback, we've also seen some increases in high-horsepower tractor, used inventory. And as a result, we've made the decision to underproduce retail demand in large tractors this year in North America to bring down our ending inventory levels. 
 We think that positions us best for 2025, again, given what we're seeing in the market. And that's reflected in some of the declines that you've seen. We were first half of the year, producing at healthy levels in line with strong retail demand. We have seen some pullback in what you're seeing in terms of decrementals and that change is related to that pullback that we've seen. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Grace. This is Josh Jepsen, maybe just to comment around decrementals. I think full year, I think we expect PPA to do around 44%. I think the back half is actually pretty similar to that, so not materially different. And maybe important just compare juxtaposition terms of the structural profitability of that business is if we look back to 2020, the business was around, call it, 90% of mid-cycle, which is not terribly far from where we are today for Production and Precision Ag. And we did around 16% operating margin kind of adjusted for some onetime things that occurred during that time. 
 So 16%, today, middle of our guide is 21%. So I think underlies the shift we're seeing from a structural profitability perspective, even with, as we noted earlier, mix that has been less than favorable for us, both from products as well as regional shifts. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird. 
Mircea Dobre: I'm wondering if you can maybe put a finer point and help us understand how large is this underproduction in both PPA and SAP? What percentage of revenue or the revenue decline, if you would, is related to this under production?
 And as we're looking at your disclosure on Slide 15 for dealer inventories, how should we think about that 2-wheel drive tractor number exiting fiscal '24? 
Josh Beal: Thanks, Mig. Appreciate the questions. Yes, looking at total underproduction for the year, and starting with the large ag segment. Globally, Mig if you think about it, worldwide underproduction to complete good retail sales is going to be in the high single digits worldwide. North America, large tractors, it's probably in that range, maybe a little bit higher. 
 On the higher end in South America and Brazil, as we bring down inventory in combines and tractors, and similarly, in Region 2 -- or sorry, excuse me, in Europe, our Region 2, as we call it, tractors kind of in line with that guide in the midsize. Combine is a little bit heavier. But again, globally, if you look at Production and Precision Ag, it's about high single digit under production. 
 As you referenced on the slide, and the current levels of inventory for tractors, we're about 30% right now. I think 31% on the slide there. And that's pretty normal for this level of seasonal build, maybe a little bit higher relative to the historical average, but kind of in that range. 
 I think notably, we're going to see a significant reduction in that ending inventory level in the back half of the year. Last year, row-crop tractors were about 15% inventory to sales as we close out 2023. This year, it's probably going to be closer to 10% and on a unit basis, significant under production. 
Cory Reed: Yes, Mig, this is Cory. I'll just give a finer point to you on the inventory side. I mentioned that we're on a unit basis, significantly below -- we're below the total in terms of the rest of the industry. On a unit basis for row crops, as an example, we're sitting at half of the industry new inventory, but we're taking that down even further. So as Josh mentioned, we're going to go from that range of 15-plus percent down to 10% at the end of the year. 
 The net effect of that, obviously, is lower productions in the back half, while maintaining good margins throughout PPA, but putting us in the best position going forward relative to responding to retail demand in the future. So we're taking those inventories down. They'll be in the hundreds at the end of the year for row crop tractors on the new side. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. And maybe one thing -- just lastly to add, this is Josh Jepsen. I think compared to historical, we are ensuring that we're getting inventories in the right place, being as proactive as possible and not prolonging demand, not stretching out the potential to have higher demand a little bit longer, which is a lesson learned clearly from the past. So being able to do that more proactively, we think puts us in a better position. It also impacts I think duration of what we see from an overall cyclical impact. 
Cory Reed: Yes. Maybe a final point on that to support Josh is that actually in the month of April, we saw the industry actually peak in row crop tractors, and we're proactively pulling back at the peak before the decline comes. So I think that's another indicator. 
Josh Beal: You had asked about small ag as well. I mean, just maybe a couple points there. I don't have it for the whole segment, but if you kind of break down some of those subcomponents. Small tractors, has been high inventory, particularly in compact utility tractors. Pretty significant under production there. It's double digits. 
 On sort of the mid tractor space, they're kind of in line with our comments around tractors, it's kind of a high single digit on the midsize. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. 
Kristen Owen: Mine will be somewhat of a follow-up to the last, which is given the high level of underproduction in the back half of the year, and as mix implications being more toward this high-value large form factors, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit more about those offsets, what you've done already to help protect that decremental margin? Arguably, that should be actually significantly higher given the mix. So what actions you've taken already? And how to think about the cost benefits layering into the back half of the year that's offsetting that under production. 
Josh Beal: Thanks Kristen. I'll start, and jump in as well here. I think a few things. I mean, certainly, I think as you think about 2024 and particularly underproduction, primarily shifted towards the back half of the year, we have had some adjustments in rates and things. And we've talked about that in terms of some of the overhead and efficiencies that have come into the business as we made those changes. You're seeing that in production cost. 
 That's a headwind there that's offsetting the tailwinds that we see in material and freight, excuse me. So that is having an impact on some of the changes. And certainly, that underproduction plays a part in terms of what we're seeing there as far as decrementals. 
 We're definitely taking cost steps. Our focus on taking material and freight out of the business continues, and we expect that to build in the back half. That is helping offset some of the decrementals as we pull down production in the latter part of the year. 
Josh Jepsen: Kristen, it's Jepsen. I would say definitely, we see the bigger impact in 4Q as seasonally -- you see a higher level of retail, but then also we get seasonal shutdowns and those sorts of things. As we work through the back half of the year, we're resetting production rates, as Josh mentioned. We're also getting the cost structure aligned. So that will benefit us as we go forward. 
 So the way we're exiting '24, I would say, is not indicative of what we would expect '25 to look like as we step into that year regardless of where we see the end marks moving. 
Cory Reed: One thing I would add, I mean, one of the additional points I'd make is we're actually preparing for probably the largest new product launch going into 2025, we ever have. So while we're pulling production down, we're also readying to launch some of the highest, most productive products we've ever had. So all new combines, all new four-wheel drive tractors, all of that is taking place and included in what we're doing to prepare in terms of the cost structure as we head into '25 and bring value proposition even higher for our customers going forward. 
Josh Beal: Yes. And I think just building on that too Cory, excitingly, a lot of those new products are coming with great tech, harvest setting automation, predictive ground speed automation, exact shaft for vision. There's a lot of great solutions coming in '25 as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. 
Nicole DeBlase: Maybe just if you were willing to comment a bit on what you're seeing so far with the crop care Early Order Program, and I think that question may be quick. So I'm going to ask another -- little question, I guess. And that's the C&F decrementals were a bit high this quarter. Are you expecting that? It seems like in the guidance. Thoughts on decremental margins you see in the back half? 
Josh Beal: You're right that the answer is quick on crop care Early Order Programs. So that sprayer Early Order Programs just opened up at the beginning of the month. So we're about, what, 1.5 weeks, 2 weeks in now to that. It's early, and that tends to build throughout the course of the program. So really not enough to comment at this point just based on the very early stages of that program. 
Josh Jepsen: Nicole, this is Jepsen also on EOP. I think one thing important to note we've seen, as we get into times of uncertainty, order activity tends to probably push a little bit later through the phases of those programs as customers dealers exercise a little more optionality and want to have a little bit firmer view of how this planting season go and how is crop emerging, just another point of reference there. 
Josh Beal: Yes. I think maybe shifting, Nicole, to your question on C&F decrementals for the quarter. I think the 1 thing to point out there is we did have lower price realization than originally anticipated. That was due to a discount accrual that we put on some field inventory that will affect really sales for the balance of the year. So it's a little bit of a timing around price realization. That's why you see us keeping that full year guide at 1.5. 
 We don't expect that to continue. It's just really a timing of making that change in back half should support that full year price about 1.5. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jairam Nathan with Daiwa. 
Jairam Nathan: I just wanted to -- if you could dig a little bit deeper on pricing. What are you seeing in that run across regions and segments. And just kind of also a primer on what we could be seeing next year on the pricing side? 
Josh Beal: Yes. I mean a bit early to talk about 2025 pricing. But I think as we talk 2024 and where it stands, and then we kind of do a walk around the world here, again, in large ag, we're talking about 1.5 points price realization for the year, as we kind of step through the different regions. 
 North America, we would say normal price realization is in the range of 2% to 3%. We're actually in that range. In fact, on the top end of that, if not a little bit better there. So we've seen strong pricing and expect that to continue through the course of the year. 
 South America, we've talked Brazil specifically with the inventory that we built in 2023. We will have some negative price there this year kind of in the mid-single digits. Candidly, as that sort of plays out through the course of the year, was higher on the front end, it starts to mitigate on the back end. 
 And then Europe, very, very similar to North America. We're seeing pricing in kind of that normalized range of 2% to 3%. And we expect that really to continue through the course of the year. 
 Small Ag and Turf, very similar comments. I think in Construction and Forestry, again, we've seen certainly a more competitive environment there. We talked about the discounts that we accrued this year. But again, we're managing that balance and that dynamic and then feel good about the 1.5% price realization that we're going to maintain through the course of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius. 
Robert Wertheimer: My question is kind of a big picture one on [ PP&A ] in North America. And just how you think about the trade down cycle? Your machines have gotten bigger, more capable, more productive, more expensive in some ways. And I'm curious if you see this as an unknown whether they all find homes in the second and third owners or whether you guys know the market better than anybody in the chain of buyers? Or whether you see enough of the moderate-sized farms, the second buyers, to kind of absorb the equipment? Just how you think about that playing into the overall cycle? 
Cory Reed: Yes, Rob, this is Cory. I'll maybe take a first stab. Look, I'll use tractors as an example. One thing we watch very closely is used inventory on row crop tractors. We've seen late model used above 300-horsepower grow, and we've watched it closely. But if I can give you the example, if you went back to the previous peak, 14,000 unit industry back in 2014, there have been about 14,000 units but only 30% of that industry would have been above 300 horsepower. 
 If you fast forward today, to 2024, we're about 13,000 units above 220, and 70% of that is above 300, and that's being driven off of the structural improvement that our customers are making for how they plant predominantly. So you think about the adoption of ExactEmerge, we're seeing ExactEmerge continue to drive forward. We're in the mid-80s headed toward 90-plus percent electric drives on planters, high speed. That drives power requirements, the absorption of that at the top end of the market. We see those tractors being required throughout the market as all customers take on the ability to plant better. 
 Take this year, we got less than 50% of the crop already planted. There's no better time if you think about timeliness, then to be able to plant fast in an environment where you have a shortened window. So I think we're set really well. Obviously, the timing of year-over-year trade cycles, interest rates has people pause in an environment like we're in. But if you look at the age of the fleet and you look at where we're headed, we feel really confident that our solutions are set up to move through the market. 
 Combine that with performance upgrades and precision upgrades together with what we're doing with precision ag essentials, and we'll be able to take most of the value we're creating out through the fleet into each of those customers. So we feel pretty good about that. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Rob. The one thing I would add is I think the other -- the piece that gives us confidence as well is no matter where the customer is in that ladder, whether they're the first owner or the fifth, there's a strong desire to keep upgrading technology, become more productive, more efficient and be able to execute those jobs in tighter time frames. 
 As Cory mentioned, planting is a -- very tight time frame. So that demand across I think continues to drive, and we're seeing this precision ag essentials is a really good example where we're connecting machines. I think 2/3 or more of the machines that we've been putting those on have not had technology before. So we're bringing customers that haven't been using things like guidance or other tools into the fold and into the system. So I think that is important. 
 And the other part is dealers work really hard. They know their customers really well. They know their AORs well. And they're working around how do they best spec those machines and how they best get them into the right hands. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 
Jerry Revich: Yes, I apologize for the sound issue earlier. I wanted to ask, you folks are hyper focused on used inventories just normally. Based on the actions that you've taken, rising use of full fund roughly $2 billion destock, what's your level of confidence that late model inventories will stop moving up from here? I appreciate that it's more of an [indiscernible], but I'd love to hear how you're modeling and thinking about it versus additional potential levers? 
Josh Beal: Thanks for the question, Jerry. Glad you made it back. I mean I'll start and Cory, Josh, feel free to jump in. I mean, I think it starts with our proactive management on the new inventory side as well. I think our decision to underproduce [indiscernible] row-crop tractors in North America in 2024. And to bring those inventory sales levels down as low as we're bringing them. We're significantly below where we ended last year, is really that opportunity, as Cory talked. We feel pull for the equipment. There's value there given where current environment is, given where rates are, it has slowed down, that equipment moving through the pipeline. 
 And we don't want to build on that. We don't want to exacerbate that situation. And so we feel like it's prudent to bring the new inventory down. So a lot of that focus and a lot of that time to work the use through. But again, we -- as we just talked, there's definitely a pull for the value that it brings. And we certainly see it even this year, the planting in the U.S. with the delayed spraying, with the wetness. I mean the -- be able to get in quickly with high-speed planting is as important as ever, and that pull for the higher more productive equipment is definitely there. I don't know, Cory, if there's anything you'd add? 
Cory Reed: I used the planting example earlier, but I think it also applies in spring, and it applies in harvesting in the end. Those windows get tighter and the ability to both cover more ground more quickly at all levels and all customers, I think, helps us drive confidence together with the fleet age, drives confidence that we will consume that product. And we've got tools in place to be able to do it. 
 Obviously, it slows down when markets are uncertain and crops aren't in the ground. But if you look at the fleet age and you look at the technologies that are coming and you look at how customers are adopting those technologies trend-wise over time, we look at profitability coming down, but it's still solidly profitable in the business. We know that it pays to adopt these technologies, and we expect those used units to move into the market. 
Josh Beal: Thanks for the question, Jerry. Appreciate all the questions today. I think we're at the end of the list here. That's all the time we have. We appreciate everyone's time. Thanks for joining us. We'll talk soon. Have a great day. 
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-02-15 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Beal, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. 
Josh Beal: Hello. Welcome, and thank you for joining us on today's call. Joining me on the call today are John May, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Jepsen, Chief Financial Officer; Aaron Wetzel, Vice President, Production Systems for Production and Precision ag; and Josh Rohleder, Manager, Investor Communications.
 Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2024. After that, we'll respond to your questions.
 Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. 
 First, a reminder, this call is broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited.
 Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call.
 This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances and other factors that are difficult to predict. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K, Risk Factors in the Annual Form 10-K, as updated by reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events.
 I'll now turn the call over to Josh Rohleder. 
Josh Rohleder: Good morning. John Deere completed the first quarter, demonstrating solid execution across the cycle. Financial results for the quarter included an 18.5% margin for the equipment operations. Fundamentals in the end markets that we serve remain supportive of equipment replacement demand. Ag fundamentals, while down from the record highs of the last few years, have returned to near mid-cycle levels. 
 In Construction and Forestry, we see fundamentals stabilizing at levels supportive of demand across most markets. This demand backdrop is reflected in our order books. While fleet replenishment is moderating, our order books remain at healthy levels, representative of normalized volumes. Notably, our first quarter performance demonstrates the structural business improvements that we've achieved, enabling us to deliver higher levels of profitability across all points in the business cycle.
 Slide 3 begins with the results for the first quarter. Net sales and revenues were down 4% to $12.185 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were down 8% to $10.486 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $1.751 billion or $6.23 per diluted share.
 Turning now to our individual segments. We begin with the production and precision ag business on Slide 4. Net sales of $4.849 billion were down 7% compared to the first quarter last year, primarily due to lower shipment volumes, which were partially offset by price realization. Price realization was positive by about 4 points. Currency translation was also positive by roughly 1 point. Operating profit was $1.045 billion, resulting in a 21.6% operating margin for the segment. The year-over-year decrease was, primarily due to lower shipment volumes and higher SA&G and R&D expenses. These were partially offset by price realization. 
 Moving to Small Ag and Turf on Slide 5. Net sales were down 19%, totaling $2.425 billion in the first quarter as a result of lower shipment volumes, partially offset by price realization. Price realization was positive by just over 3 points. Currency was also positive by roughly 0.5 point. Operating profit declined year-over-year to $326 million, resulting in a 13.4% operating margin. The decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes and higher SA&G and R&D expenses, which were partially offset by price realization and lower production costs.
 Slide 6 gives our industry outlook for ag and turf markets globally. We continue to expect large ag equipment industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to decline 10% to 15%, trending closer to the lower end of that range, as normalizing farm fundamentals and elevated interest rates are somewhat tempered by resilient farm balance sheets, lower input costs relative to record peaks seen over the last few years and fleet age, which even after multiple years of strong replacement, remains at or above long-term averages. 
 For small ag and turf in the U.S. and Canada, industry demand estimates remain down 5% to 10%. The Dairy and Livestock segment continues to remain healthy, thanks to elevated cattle and hay prices. The compact utility tractor market remains soft, as the industry works to bring down inventory levels, while demand for turf products has stabilized.
 Moving to Europe. The industry is now forecasted to be down 10% to 15%. Demand is expected to be softest, Central and Eastern Europe, as local commodity markets remain disrupted by the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. Western Europe is faring better, although uncertainty related to current cash crop proceeds, ag policy changes and high interest rates is increasing caution for some customers.
 In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are expected to be down around 10%, continuing the demand moderation that began in 2023. Brazil, in particular, is experiencing adverse weather conditions in the current growing season. Coupled with high interest rates, demand is expected to remain down from recent record highs.
 Argentina is expected to deliver strong ag production after multiple years of drought, while the industry will remain regulated by ongoing economic challenges. Industry sales in Asia remain forecasted to be down moderately. 
 Next, our segment forecast begin on Slide 7. For production and precision ag, net sales are forecasted to be down around 20% for the full year. The forecast assumes roughly 1.5 points of positive price realization for the full year and minimal currency impact. For the segment's operating margin, our full year forecast is now between 21.5% and 22.5%, reflecting the further tempering net sales as demand normalizes.
 Slide 8 shows our forecast for the small ag and turf segment. We expect net sales to remain down between 10% and 15%. This guidance now includes 1.5 points of positive price realization and flat currency translation. The segment's operating margin remains between 15% and 16%.
 Shifting to Construction and Forestry on Slide 9. Net sales for the quarter were roughly flat year-over-year at $3.212 billion, with positive price realization offset by lower shipment volumes. Price realization was positive by nearly 3 points. Currency translation was also positive by just under 1 point. Operating profit of $566 million was down year-over-year, resulting in a 17.6% operating margin, due primarily to higher production costs, lower shipment volumes, unfavorable currency translation and higher SA&G and R&D expenses. These were partially offset by price realization and a favorable sales mix.
 Turning now to our 2024 Construction and Forestry industry outlook on Slide 10. Industry sales for earthmoving equipment in the U.S. and Canada are now expected to be flat to down 5%, while compact construction equipment in the U.S. and Canada is expected to be flat.
 Improvements in the industry outlook are reflective of a better-than-expected demand backdrop and stabilized optimism through the balance of the year, as dealer inventories return to more normal levels.
 End markets remain healthy, with single-family housing starts improving, infrastructure spending continuing to increase and elevated manufacturing investment levels offset by further declines in commercial investments.
 Global forestry markets are expected to be down around 10%, as all global markets continue to be challenged. Global road building markets are forecasted to be roughly flat, with strong infrastructure spending in the U.S., offset by continued softness in Europe.
 Moving to this Construction and Forestry segment outlook on Slide 11. 2024 net sales are now forecasted to be down between 5% and 10%. Net sales guidance for the year includes about 1.5 points of positive price realization and flat currency translation. The segment's operating margin remains projected between 17% and 18%.
 Transitioning to our financial services operations on Slide 12. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the first quarter was $207 million. The increase in net income was mainly due to a higher average portfolio balance, which was partially offset by less favorable financing spreads.
 For fiscal year 2024, our outlook remains at $770 million, as benefits from a higher average portfolio balance offset less favorable financing spreads. As a reminder, fiscal year 2023 net income was also impacted by a non-repeating onetime accounting correction.
 Finally, Slide 13 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year 2024, our outlook for net income is now expected to be between $7.5 billion and $7.75 billion. Next, our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate between 24% and 26%. And lastly, cash flow from the equipment operations is now projected to be in the range of $7 billion to $7.5 billion.
 This concludes our formal comments. John, before we shift to a few topics specific to the quarter, would you mind sharing your thoughts on how 2024 is progressing? 
John May: Thanks, Josh. I'd be happy to. We've had a great start to the year. The quarter was strong, and I truly appreciate the efforts of the entire Deere team to deliver these results.
 As I think about 2024, it's helpful to consider the smart industrial journey that we've been on, which has been grounded in unlocking incremental value for our customers through technology, and enabling Deere to deliver structurally higher financial performance.
 I'm extremely pleased with how we've executed our production systems approach, centralized and advanced our tech stack and focused on delivering value across the entire life cycle of our solutions, all while allocating capital in a more efficient and strategic manner.
 Deere's last few years of financial performance are evidence of the structural improvement that comes with executing our strategy, all while delivering better outcomes for our customers.
 To put 2024 financials in context, let's look at how we performed since introducing smart industrial. In 2022, our equipment operations net sales were just under $48 billion, and we delivered net income of over $7.1 billion, equating to just over $23 of EPS. In 2023, net sales increased 16% to over $55 billion, and we delivered record net income of over $10 billion or $34.63 per share.
 Our 2024 guide implies a roughly 15% reduction in net sales, putting us at very similar sales levels to 2022. However, continuing that comparison, our net income forecast of $7.5 billion to $7.75 billion contemplates at least a $400 million improvement over 2022. On an EPS basis, that's growth of over $4 per share, demonstrating the structural improvement enabled by our smart industrial strategy. 
 Going forward, as we execute our plans under our new operating model, we will deliver better outcomes for our customers and deliver higher levels of financial performance for Deere, generating strong cash flows that will fuel continued reinvestment in the business and significant return to shareholders. 
Josh Rohleder: Great. Thanks, John. Now let's start off with farm fundamentals this quarter. The USDA just updated 2024 forecast for net cash farm income as well as global supply and demand estimates. U.S. net cash farm income is forecasted to be down over 20% from 2023 levels, albeit up from November estimates. At the same time, global stocks for corn and soybeans are expected to fully recover from decade lows despite lower production in Brazil. Josh Beal, can you provide some additional color on what this means for both farmers and equipment demand over the rest of 2024? 
Josh Beal: Absolutely, Josh. I think that's a great place to start. What's most important in this conversation is context. We've certainly seen better-than-expected crop production over the past 6 months. We had record corn yields in the U.S., recovering Argentina crop production is offsetting the losses you mentioned in Brazil and 2 consecutive years of bumper wheat crops in Russia are offsetting losses in Ukraine and Australia. All of that is supporting rising carryover stocks, which are putting downward pressure on prices, culminating and lowered expectations for crop margins. All of these fundamentals are captured in the reduction in the U.S. net cash farm income forecast that you cited.
 But it's important to keep the expected decline in context of where we've been. We're coming off 3 years of record farm income. The projected reduction puts us in line with historical averages that are still supportive of mid-cycle equipment demand. The punchline here is that farmers continue to be profitable at these levels.
 In addition to farmer profitability, those other factors that are supportive. The U.S. fleet age remains above 20-year averages for both tractors and combines. Used inventory in the U.S., while having increased, remains at manageable levels. Additionally, farm balance sheets are strong, with U.S. farmland values up approximately 7% year-over-year and debt-to-equity ratio is near all-time lows.
 Outside of the U.S., we're seeing a similar story. Farmers remain profitable in both Europe and South America, albeit down from recent record levels. There's certainly caution in the market, particularly in the high interest rate environment that we're seeing, but we still expect to see replacement demand in both regions. 
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Josh. It's helpful to understand where fundamentals are in relation to historical levels and encouraging to hear that despite a moderation in demand, there remains a supportive macro backdrop.
 Aaron, from a sentiment standpoint, what are you hearing in your conversations with customers and dealers? 
Aaron Wetzel: Thanks for the question, Josh. During my recent visits with both dealers and customers across North and South America these past few weeks, I've heard a similar sentiment from customers to what you've outlined. All are coming off record highs these past few years. And with lowering commodity prices and increasing interest rates, they're beginning to shift to a more typical replacement pattern. Dealers in the U.S. continue to see good demand for products, and are proactively managing inventories as the underlying fundamentals of the market change.
 With this changing environment, customers are seeking opportunities to further improve their productivity and efficiency through the adoption of technology into their operations, technology that will enable them to reduce inputs, improve operational efficiencies and address the labor challenges they face. 
Josh Rohleder: That's great, Aaron. It's good to hear perspective from our customers and dealers.
 Now Josh Beal, I'd like to pull on a thread you briefly touched on earlier and ask about field inventory levels. Could you give us an update on where we stand today? 
Josh Beal: Absolutely. And it's probably best to start with new inventory. An essential element of our performance across the cycle is inventory management. We structure our production schedules to maintain the appropriate level of field inventory, for wherever we are in the cycle. Notably, that's why we continue to produce to retail demand in the North America large ag market.
 As we noted last quarter, we entered the year well positioned from a field inventory standpoint, and Q1 levels are consistent with normal seasonal changes, comparable with inventory to sales ratios from a year ago. With nearly 90% of orders sourced through our combined sprayer and planter early order programs, we have significant visibility into the balance of the year for those product lines. Tractors are managed on a rolling order book. And as a quick update, we're currently taking orders into the third quarter for row crop tractors, while our 4-wheel drive tractors are full through the balance of the third quarter. All in all, we expect to end the year in the U.S. and Canada positioned to produce in line with retail demand in 2025.
 Let's move on to new inventory outside of the U.S. and Canada. In Europe, we'll underproduce demand for the remainder of 2024 in response to softening market conditions. In Brazil, we are already seeing progress from our efforts to reduce field inventory in response to the market pullback. Notably, combine inventory is down 25% on an absolute basis for the quarter, in line with our expectations, and we are on track to reach target levels by fiscal year-end.
 For both Europe and Brazil, our intent is to position 2024 year-end inventory so that we can produce in line with retail demand in 2025.
 Aaron, I know you just got back from Brazil. Do you have anything you'd like to add? 
Aaron Wetzel: Yes. In fact, just a few weeks ago, I had the opportunity to visit both dealers and customers in Brazil. I was able to spend time with both sugarcane producers as well as soybean customers in the Mato Grosso.
 Sugarcane customers are seeing strong price for sugar today, and are making investments in equipment to drive efficiencies and productivity improvements. Our recently launched CH950 sugarcane harvester is gaining adoption, as it improves harvest efficiencies through its unique 2-row design and delivers improved fuel efficiency for producers.
 Our soybean customers are continuing to manage through the impacts from dry conditions in the region. Coming off historically high levels of profitability in the last few years, our soybean customers are shifting to a more normal demand of product.
 Both customers are very optimistic for the future of Brazil as planted area continues to increase and average yields continue to improve, creating even more production to support the growing demand for commodities globally. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen. I want to add is our continued focus in investing in Brazil for the long term. During last past quarter, we announced an investment in a Brazil technology development center to focus on product and solutions suited for tropical agriculture. This should enable us to deliver -- develop and deliver solutions for Brazil, in Brazil and bring them to the market more rapidly. 
Josh Rohleder: Awesome. Thanks all for that additional color. It's great to hear about the developments and optimism in such an exciting growth market.
 Now, Josh Beal, do you want to switch over and touch on used inventory? 
Josh Beal: Yes, definitely. Within used inventory, in North America, we've seen year-over-year increases in both combines and tractors, most notably in the high horsepower tractor segment. Again, to put these increases into context, while levels are up from recent lows, they're still in line with historical averages.
 Additionally, used prices have remained flat to up over the quarter. All in, we continue to feel comfortable with the used inventory levels that we're seeing. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen again. It's also worth noting that most dealers experienced an end-of-year seasonal increase in used equipment, as they take in trades, as they deliver new machines. This increase in used equivalent typically occurs in the first half of the year, which our dealers are accustomed to handling. 
 And in fact, I was just with some of our dealers from North America, Australia and New Zealand this past week and heard a consistent message from them. They feel comfortable with used inventory levels, especially when compared to where they were last fall. And many were able to proactively reduce inventory and are feeling good about where we're at today. All that to say, we feel comfortable where we are with current, new and used inventory levels and with the plans we have in place to manage them. 
Josh Rohleder: Thank you all. That's really helpful perspective on what has been a topic of interest lately. And on that note, one overarching impact from this discussion that we've yet to address is the updated outlook for the quarter.
 Markets have clearly shifted this year, but we've maintained strong performance through the first quarter with 18.5% margins for our equipment operations. This clearly points to the structural improvement that we've achieved, bolstered by a 2024 forecast that would represent our second best year ever from an earnings standpoint.
 With that in mind, Josh Beal, can you walk us through what's transpired over the last 3 months and how that relates to the rest of the year? 
Josh Beal: Yes. Great points, Josh, and definitely worth unpacking here. Let's start with our production and precision ag and small ag and turf businesses.
 Beginning with the quarter, we saw strong year-over-year price realization across both segments. It's worth noting, however, that we expect price realization to moderate throughout the remainder of the year in line with our annual guide of 1.5 points for both segments.
 Relative to production costs, we saw material and freight coming lower for both large and small ag, leading to favorable year-over-year comparisons for the quarter. This is aligned with our expectations to see slightly favorable production cost compares for both segments for the full year.
 Looking at SA&G, we had unfavorable impacts in the quarter from incentive compensation, timing of spend, which pulled costs forward into the quarter and foreign exchange. Notably, we don't expect the first quarter to be indicative of our SA&G run rate for the rest of the year, as we're pulling levers in line with the rest of our operations.
 Shifting to our outlook. We are seeing demand shifts in production of precision ag, impacting combines and large tractors, which is felt mostly in the back half of 2024. Conversely, we're seeing minimal change to our small ag and turf outlook from last quarter, as the dairy and high-value crop segments remain stable. 
 It's important to reiterate here that our plans in large ag to produce to retail demand in North America and underproduced retail in Brazil and Europe, reflect our commitment to inventory and cycle management. This approach should position us well going into 2025 across all geographies. 
Aaron Wetzel: This is Aaron. I'd like to add quickly. I believe the key opportunity here is our proactive management of production levels to adjust for the changes we are seeing in our end market demand. We have been highly effective in managing through the changing market dynamics in the U.S., and we'll continue to remain focused on disciplined execution of our pricing strategies in order to maintain performance as we move through the cycle. 
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Aaron, and Josh. That's really helping bridge between the ag industry outlook and our tier forecast.
 Let's shift now to Construction and Forestry, which we haven't really touched on yet. Results for the quarter came in better than expected with margins slightly off year-over-year compares given flat sales levels.
 Josh Beal, can you walk us through how activity in the quarter has impacted our 2024 outlook? 
Josh Beal: Absolutely. The key takeaway from the quarter is that underlying demand is stabilizing at levels higher than expected, while at the same time, the industry has become more competitive, given inventory availability.
 Looking forward, Deere inventory levels have recovered and are now in line with the industry. We expect slightly stronger sales through the back half of the year, which is embedded in our updated outlook. Demand will be driven by key end markets, where optimism remains strong. All of this is reflected in our order books, which for Construction and Forestry are full through the second quarter across most product lines, with compact construction equipment notably full through the end of the third quarter. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen. I'd like to emphasize quickly the runway that remains on government infrastructure projects in the U.S. Through 2023, roughly 40% of the IIJA dollars have been awarded, but relatively minimal amounts have actually been spent thus far. Needless to say, we expect infrastructure spending to provide a strong tailwind well into '25 and '26 across both our construction and road building segments, as dollars are awarded and projects commence. 
Josh Rohleder: Thanks for that color, Josh. It really helps contextualize the opportunity ahead.
 Shifting gears now. Let's talk about the importance of managing across varying end markets. Josh Beal, coming back to you, can you walk us through what we're doing to manage the current environment? 
Josh Beal: Yes, for sure. First and foremost, it's proactive actions to ensure we stay ahead of demand changes. All of our factories and product lines have a list of levers we pull, depending on the magnitude and direction of the volume change that we're seeing. Those efforts are ultimately grounded in our focus on inventory management, which we spoke about earlier. The underproduction in retail in certain geographies and production to retail in North America directly reflect this laser focus on inventory management as a key pillar to maintaining price discipline and structural profitability across the cycle.
 On the cost side, supply chain management is of utmost importance. Our team is working continuously to ensure not only that we're getting the best price on purchase components, but that we're also maintaining a robust sourcing pipeline to ensure the resiliency of our supply base.
 This year, we are seeing the impact of our strategic partnerships and supplier agreements come to fruition. Additionally, we continue to design cost reduction into our products.
 As noted previously, we expect the impact of these savings to drive year-over-year production cost favorability for our equipment operations, despite headwinds in other spend categories. 
Josh Jepsen: One more thing to add here. All of this work ultimately impacts our decremental margins, as we make decisions to proactively manage production and inventory levels. As we've noted, we'll underproduce in some regions, which will impact decrementals, as we dial down production faster than we realized savings from pulling levers.
 Additionally, we're negatively impacted by unfavorable mix from declines in high-margin products like combines and tractors, as well as geographies such as Brazil and North America. Importantly, we continue to robustly invest in future value unlock opportunities. 
Josh Rohleder: Awesome. And that's a great segue into my last question, which is for Aaron.
 Historically, we've maintained consistent R&D spend throughout the cycle, which in part, reflects our commitment to leading through innovation. The ag industry is going through a precision ag revolution, and Deere has been on this journey for nearly 25 years. 
 Aaron, can you give us an update on where we're at in our Leap Ambitions and precision ag journey? 
Aaron Wetzel: Sure. Within our production and precision ag business, our Leap Ambitions are to help customers produce more with less, less inputs like herbicides and fertilizers and more productivity through more efficient use of labor. One measurement for this progress is through our engaged acre metrics, where we are planning to achieve 500 million acres engaged by 2026. As customers use our machines and technologies, we expect to see those engaged acres continue to grow. To propel this, we will continue to make significant investments in R&D, prioritized by the needs of our customers around the world and the value we can unlock.
 Our production and precision ag strategy is predicated on 3 distinct pillars: product leadership, system leadership; and finally, go-to-market leadership. Our products are our machines. They are the foundation of our work and enable customers to do the job in the field every day. Customers rely on our machines during critical times of the year, like planting or harvesting, and need those machines to perform. In fact, we will be reinforcing this focus through one of our most significant new product launches coming in a few weeks. 
 Customers will see our commitment to provide them with the most advanced machines, new levels of productivity and ability to perform their jobs faster and with more precision. It's going to be exciting and will have an impact on most of our production and precision ag portfolio. Again, reinforcing our commitment to product leadership through industry-leading machine performance and quality. 
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Aaron. It's great to hear about the foundational heart iron that enables us to invest in more advanced solutions. And it sounds like there's a lot more to come on the new product front, beginning with the commodity classic event at the end of the month. So we'll wait to say any more until then. 
 Now the second pillar you highlighted is system leadership. Could you start by defining this for us before breaking down what we're doing on this front? 
Aaron Wetzel: Sure. The system is the key differentiating factor for us in the market. It's the integration of our technology solutions into our machines that make it easier for customers to more precisely plant seeds and apply chemicals and nutrients. The seamless integration of capturing the data from the action in the field and sending it to the cloud, allows customers to make better decisions and develop more efficient and sustainable practices on their farms. 
 Our technology stack is helping growers reduce costs, improve efficiencies as well as increase yields, generating more profitability for their operations. This translates to significant savings for them as well as more sustainable practices for the environment. 
 And all of this is enhanced through the use of one key foundational technology, machine connectivity. And for years, we've been working with customers to connect machines through cellular connectivity. However, there are many areas of the world where terrestrial cellular connectivity is not available, like Brazil, for example, where nearly 70% of the current ag productive area does not have access to any connectivity. 
 This is why we recently entered into an agreement with SpaceX to provide satellite connectivity for our customers. Connectivity that will enable real-time data access, which will drive cost savings and efficiency improvements in customer operations, while also providing the foundation for future advancements in automation and autonomy. This will be key to addressing the growing labor challenges facing our customers today. 
Josh Rohleder: That's really well articulated, Aaron. You can clearly see how complete system integration creates value, well beyond any individual component and how connectivity is foundational to unlocking this opportunity.
 The natural progression then from tech stack development and integration lead us to the last pillar, you noted, our go-to-market strategy. Successfully designing precision equipment and technology is a feat within itself, but deploying these solutions is another challenge all on its own. What are we doing to solve this part of the equation? 
Aaron Wetzel: Yes. The third pillar of our strategy is around our dealer channel and our go-to-market capabilities to sell and support not only the equipment, but also the suite of technologies available for customers. Our dealers understand deeply the needs of their customers and where their customers are in their own technology journey, as they work with each customer to provide them solutions to improve their operations. 
 Furthermore, we are providing the dealers with enhanced tools and capabilities to drive greater adoption and utilization of our technologies. We've launched our Solutions as a Service approach with customers, where we're lowering the overall upfront cost of technology and shifting to a pay-as-you-go model. Our initial experiences have been extremely favorable, as we engage a broader range of customers with our technology. 
 Additionally, we're gearing up our precision upgrade offerings to further drive technology utilization on many of our existing machines in the field. See & Spray premium is one of the latest products that enables customers with late model sprayers to take advantage of the savings that See & Spray provides. Early demand for this solution has been strong and beyond our initial expectations. 
Josh Jepsen: And one more thing to add as it relates to go to market. We've seen tremendous response to our newly released precision ag essentials upgrade kit, which is our display, receiver and modem with  a SaaS go-to-market approach, offering low upfront cost and annual subscription.
 Orders exceeded our expectations, and this approach allows us to reach deeper into the installed base of equipment, as a large portion of the sales were incremental, going to customers that did not previously have this level of technology on their existing machines. 
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Aaron, and Josh. That's a great update. And before we open the line to questions, Josh Jepsen, any final comments? 
Josh Jepsen: It was a good first quarter, with strong results to get the year going. Fundamentals, overall, began normalizing across our businesses and are supportive of near mid-cycle volume levels.
 We returned $1.7 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter, while also investing in record levels of R&D to bring new solutions to market. 
 It was also exciting to see the team highlight some of our solutions at the Consumer Electronics Show in January that are unlocking value for customers, not just economic value, but sustainable value as well. 
 The company has been through economic cycles in the past, and we know how to manage through various stages of end market demand. As John noted, we expect to perform better across all points of the cycle, as evidenced by our nearly 19% equip ops operating margin forecast just below mid-cycle levels, while remaining focused on managing production and inventories proactively. 
 We are, at the same time, focused on building a more resilient, less variable business while delivering more value to customers than ever before. We will continue to adapt our business model to enable customers to adopt, use and benefit from our tech stack. 
 One important thing to consider, our customers do critical work to produce food, fiber, fuel, shelter and infrastructure. The trend of fewer people going to work in these areas is not slowing, and we hear this from our customers each and every day. 
 What this means is that our solutions need to do more and no one is better positioned to meet our customers' needs than we are, given our ability to seamlessly integrate hardware, software, data, financing and service and support. Importantly, our team of Deere and dealer employees get up each day with a purpose and passion to make our customers' lives easier and enable them to do more with less. 
Josh Rohleder: Thanks, Josh. Now let's open it up to questions from our investors. 
Josh Beal: Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. [Operator Instructions] 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 
Jerry Revich: Can we start the conversation on the revision to precision ag EBIT coming down by about $500 million on a $700 million sales reduction. Obviously, you're off to a really good start in the year. It sounds like costs are tracking pretty well. Can you just expand on when do you expect a deterioration in performance and what's driving the revision, necessarily considering how good the performance has been and the implied decremental margin on that cut? 
Josh Beal: Yes. No, thanks for the question, Jerry. I think starting out, if you think about our PPA guide, and as we've noted in the change, we were a range of down 15% to 20%. We're now down to the lower end of that range. And a couple of things, I think, to point out there, we noted softening in Europe. We've seen that market pull back some. We've seen some more caution in that market. We're now noting that we're going to underproduce retail in Europe. I think particularly noting that there's more weakness in Central and Eastern Europe, given the ongoing conflict there in the region and what that's doing for trade flows, grain flows and kind of disrupting that. So you've seen a little more weakness, a little pullback in sentiment on the Europe side.
 And although our guides are unchanged in North America, Josh Rohleder mentioned, we're probably at the higher end of that reduction on the North America guide as we look at our order books. And as you know, we manage tractors on a rolling order book. We have seen some softening in velocity there on the tractor side, which is particularly causing us to look at back half of production and pull back a little bit there. So we're proactively taking on that production in line with sales, again, notably producing at retail levels for North America, but reacting to what we're seeing in the market.
 As that relates to decrementals, I think Josh Jepsen noted this earlier, but certainly, in underproduction in regions like Europe, like Brazil, has an impact on decrementals. I think the other thing to note, Jerry, is that there are mix elements as we're pulling back in certain levels of production, they're high-margin products that are coming out. I mean large tractors, combines in North America, certainly regions like Brazil and in North America as well, that's bad mix as you pull out that. It's higher decremental that you're seeing in those particular regions. We are pulling levers to address that, but the savings that you see from the levers doesn't necessarily come through right away. So there's a little bit of a timing piece as well. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Jerry, this is Josh Jepsen. The one thing I would add is we are continuing to -- our order fulfillment model gives us good visibility. I think we have a good pulse on what's going on. And as a result, we're always going to make those adjustments more quickly than waiting, that allows our factories to get aligned allows us to start driving those changes from a material demand perspective come through.
 So again, this is all really rooted in as we see some of that order velocity change, see some of the fundamentals change from a customer perspective, getting ahead of that to the extent possible and position ourselves again to build in line with retail as quickly as we can. We're doing that in North America this year. Some of the changes that Josh mentioned will impact what we're doing in North America tractors and combines. But again, a proactive approach and trying to be really mindful of knowing the sooner we see these things, the more quickly we're able to make changes in our factories. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. 
Kristen Owen: Someone have a follow-up to the first here is just helping us contextualize the headwind that you're assuming from that underproduction in Europe and Brazil, how much of the guide difference is related to that underproduction versus some of the incremental North America mix and effects that you've outlined? 
Josh Jepsen: Kristen, it's Josh Jepsen. Good question. If you look at the change, I'd say, from the underproduction -- underproducing in Brazil, which we planned on and we're executing on in the first quarter and then Europe, that's probably about 1 point drag of operating margin for production precision ag. So that's a decent piece of that. And then as we noted, we've seen just a little more shift in demand in North America, but about 1 point on that underproduction. 
 I think important to note here, when we talk about underproduction in Brazil and some of the challenges that we faced last year coming into this year, in spite of that, we're seeing in our South American business, still really strong performance. And I think evidence of structural profitability improvement across the company, but even underproducing there somewhat significantly, we're doing mid-teens margins in the region. So we feel good about what we're doing there, the shifts and changes we've made to our business. And again, that's mid-teens margins while underproducing and making sure we're getting inventory in the right spot. 
Operator: Next, we will hear from Chad Dillard with Bernstein. 
Charles Albert Dillard: So you guys have done a lot, structurally over the last like couple of years to reduce your cost. I was hoping maybe you could update us with how much you're seeing?
 And then secondly, I think you talked a little bit about seeing some levers that you could pull to further reduce cost. Could you give a little bit more color on that, please? 
Josh Beal: Yes. I mean -- thanks for the question, Chad. I think we're encouraged by what we're seeing on production costs. I think that's evidenced in performance in Q1. You saw that favorability in both small ag and turf and in large ag in that performance. Yes. So we're feeling good about what we're seeing. We talked about it in some of our comments, but it's negotiating and partnering, frankly, with our suppliers on component costs, we still had opportunity to bring some of that down. We continue to design cost reduction into our products as well. And then we're pulling levers in other parts of the business as well, whether that'd be SA&G and other areas where we do have opportunity to adjust as we see demand shift. And so we're making those -- we're pulling those levers and think we have opportunity in front of us. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Chad, one thing I'd add. On the overhead side, we do see some headwind on overheads and that a couple of items. Some is just the impact of adjusting production volumes and the time it takes us to see those things come through. The other is we have a contractual step-up from our labor contract, and that's impacting us here in '24 as well. 
John May: Yes, Chad, this is John May. Maybe one more thing to add. Certainly, we're not going to forget about managing the fundamentals of the business, and we'll remain absolutely focused on that. And if you think about the things we can control, it's all about disciplined execution within the factories. It's all about focus on quality. That drives cost if you slip at all on that and then cost management. 
 And then to your point of tackling costs, if you go back to 2020, if you remember, when we first started the Smart Industrial strategy, we did a significant restructuring that positioned the company where it is today to perform at higher levels, regardless of where we are in the cycle. But thank you for that question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Angel Castillo with Morgan Stanley. 
Angel Castillo Malpica: I was just wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the net operating cash flow. It looked like the move there was maybe a little bit bigger cut than the implied by the net income. So just curious on the pieces there. And you talked about your own inventories and just any incremental color around working capital and any other kind of levers that are impacting cash flow. 
Josh Beal: Yes, thanks for the question, Angel. Yes. A couple of things to note there. As you know, we did bring down the cash flow forecast a bit. And a big piece of that is described or is part of our net income reduction. There's a couple of other levers at play or things that play there. I think first, at working capital assumptions, we expect there's a little bit, maybe kind of another half or so of explaining the difference is from changes in working capital, we still expect inventory to be favorable to cash in 2024, but a little bit less so, and that's reflected in the adjustment. 
 The other piece is we're seeing some higher level of balance in our portfolio at John Deere Financial. That impacts how much cash we bring back from the financial operation to equipment operations. So that really explains the balance of the change. Thanks for the question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. 
David Raso: I was curious, the thought about replacement demand and the market fundamentals are supportive of purchasing at replacement demand. Can you help us how you're thinking about where retail sales will be this year versus replacement demand? Like you're saying basically one for one. And obviously, when you model out, you obviously think about replacement demand in coming years. What is the base case right now for replacement demand, say, next year versus this year? I know it's just a framework analysis, but if you can help us with, again, retail this year versus replacement and how to think about underlying replacement beyond this year? 
Josh Jepsen: David, this is Josh Jepsen, I'll start. I would say in '24, I think we're relatively aligned kind of on replacement to retail. And again, the dynamics -- the fleet fundamentals would say, hey, we're still relatively aged. We're above our long-term averages on high horsepower combines, slightly above kind of the long-term average. So the fleet age, while coming through a few years of strong demand really has not gotten tremendously younger from where we've been in the past. So I think that continues to be supportive.
 The one other thing I would note is the incremental tool we have -- this go around than we maybe did it a decade ago is our ability to drive technology and technology that can directly impact our customers' bottom line. So taking cost out, improving their profitability, improving their margins. And I think that is particularly helpful for us.
 As we think about precision upgrades, the ability to go back across the installed base, machines, we mentioned a few things. We've got a limited launch on See & Spray retrofit, which called See & Spray Premium or the precision ag essentials, which I noted, we're seeing strong uptick. It's allowing customers to get into these machines. We're going deeper in the installed base and driving incremental business. So I think the combination of the desire to take cost out of their operations and improve overall productivity and profitability will remain, and we think that's particularly important. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. 
Steven Fisher: You gave us some color on the visibility of the order book. But on the lower large ag sales outlook, I guess to what extent was that guidance reduction driven more by what you're actually seeing at the level of the order books today on that visibility versus really kind of the momentum and the sentiment indicators and the grain prices are suggesting? Just kind of curious how you frame the confidence you have in the second half outlook. Do you think you've gotten enough ahead of where that momentum is trending at the moment? 
Josh Beal: Yes. I mean -- thanks for the question, Steve. Our best indicator of demand is our order book, and I think that was, by and large, the biggest driver here as we made these adjustments. 
 As we noted large tractors, as we looked at velocity of orders, and we mentioned we're out into the third quarter on orders, but we do see some velocity moderating there. And given that, I think that was a big driver of the change for the segment this quarter was reflecting what we're seeing in our order books. Again, we talked some of the other changes beyond that. Similarly, I think some softening in the European side and some desire to take down inventories there is the other piece. 
Josh Jepsen: Steve, the one thing I'd add is the other thing we watch closely is what's going on with used? What's happening with used inventories? What's happening with used prices? And what we've seen is we've seen some uptick in used combine, for example, and used high horsepower, but still relative to historical -- in decent shape. And pricing has held in pretty well. I think we've seen combines from a quarter ago have been up slightly. High horsepower tractors have been flat.
 However, watching that trend and being mindful and lessons learned from the past to tell us, hey, we want to make sure we're exercising good caution there, knowing where our order books are, but also what are the some of the leading indicators, and that's been a bit of a guide for us as well as we think about our revision here. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. 
Tami Zakaria: I was curious about the partnership with SpaceX. Could you give some color on how exactly this gets integrated into your product? Is this more about a tech enhancement that will come as a default in new machines? Or is there more to come?
 And more importantly, how do you think this partnership can be monetized over the long term, be it in terms of share gains or price mix gains or maybe subscriptions? So any color there would be helpful. 
Josh Beal: Yes. Thanks for the question, Tami. And I'll tell you, we're really excited about this. Aaron mentioned this in some of the opening comments, but connectivity is the foundation of precision ag. And candidly, there are parts -- there are regions around the world where there's gaps in the connectivity. We talked about 70% gap in Brazil, even 30% gap in the U.S. as it relates to the total ag farmland.
 And so as we've introduced this, it provides a solution for that gap and really is a foundational piece to introduce new technologies. And what I would tell you is that the level of interest we've seen from growers really exceeded our expectations as we came out with the announcement. And what it really presents, it's an opportunity to make precision ag work in their operations.
 In the very near term, it provides benefit today in terms of things like access to data, remote data access, infield data sharing, which enables customers to run their operations better. And this also serves as the foundation for future technology. So as you think about autonomy in the future and the opportunity that, that presents, a foundational piece of this is getting the connectivity on our machines. 
 Aaron, is there anything else you'd add there? 
Aaron Wetzel: Yes. First of all, it's super exciting to be able to announce the relationship with SpaceX and the value that this really unlocks for our customers, particularly in the areas where we don't have connectivity available to them. 
 Just having been in Brazil a few weeks ago and talking to customers there, they're very excited about the opportunities this presents for their operations, being able to now connect their machines and to be able to do the things that Josh just referenced. 
 In the short term, we'll be planning a retrofit solution as we bring this to market towards the latter part of '24 and make this more fully available in 2025 and beyond. But the intent would be is to bring that into factory installed options available for customers.
 At the end of the day, we want to provide the tools for our customers to be able to take advantage of the full tech stack and be able to improve the operation and the efficiencies of their farms, and this is a key enabler for them to do that. So we're excited about the future that this brings. 
Josh Jepsen: Tami, it's Josh Jepsen. To one part of your question there around how does this -- as we create value, how do you monetize? I think there's a couple of things. One, we would expect these to come through a solution as a service model. And on top of that, enabling -- as you enable automation and enable autonomy, that comes with the combination of hardware and the potential for more of a SaaS solution as these things are getting better over time, and there's ability to continue to improve on those products.
 So this is foundational, particularly for Brazil, but we think it's going to drive a key component of how we think about solution as a service going forward. 
John May: Yes, Tami, you can tell we're excited. This is John May. I just want to jump in as well. The trend is definitely customers are wanting higher levels of technology, and they want us to rapidly accelerate that in markets where they don't have the infrastructure to support it.
 Telematics, obviously, and the satellite solution gives us the ability to transfer data onboard and offboard to the machine, but we also have several, several products that rely on that telematics connection, whether we're sharing maps between machines, planters in a given field.
 So we're going to monetize it through additional technologies that we offer today. In markets like North America, we'll be able to quickly adapt those products and solutions, now that we have this connectivity in markets like Brazil, and we're really excited about it. Thanks for your question. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. 
Nicole DeBlase: Just wanted to ask about particularly within production and precision ag, any help that you guys can give on quarterly cadence from here of both revenue and margins? Like is that underproduction more focused in the second half? Are you guys really going after that in the second quarter? That would be really helpful. 
Josh Beal: Yes. Great. Thanks, Nicole. I mean, I think as you look at overall equipment operations, we'd expect Q2 to be down relatively more than the down for the rest of the year, although pretty, pretty close. PPA, though, it's a little bit of a different story. That's a little bit more back half loaded. Q3, Q4, I think where you'll see more of the reduction coming out of the PPA segment. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Nicole, I think from a seasonality perspective, I think '24 looks a lot like '23, a more normal distribution in terms of quarterly splits. So expecting the strongest top line margin in 2Q would remain. So not a significant change from a seasonal split perspective in terms of how the business looks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. 
Stephen Volkmann: I wanted to go back to the ideas around the sort of decremental margins here because Josh Jepsen, I think you said that you were sort of looking to prioritize reduced volatility, but obviously, these decrementals early in the downturn look pretty big, I think, relative to what we were expecting. 
 So can you just talk about, update us on what normal decrementals should be as we think through a longer sort of downturn? And any implication for how we should think about 2025, I guess, is what I'm trying to think about? And then what an incremental might look like as well if there's just kind of any update there? 
Josh Jepsen: Steve, it's Josh Jepsen. I would say, we're running right now. If you look at the total equipment operations, our forecast is probably in the range of 37%, 38% overall kind of across the businesses. And then obviously, there's a range there from 30 to just in the low 40s on the production precision ag side. That's -- that production precision ag piece is clearly impacted by the underproduction there. I mean, historically, that's probably on the decremental side, run higher, closer to 45 I think we're seeing a shift in structurally how we perform and driving that down. And I think [ x ] underproduction would be 40 or maybe a touch better.
 But I think our focus area is, yes, we can manage this across these businesses in this range of -- from an equip ops perspective in between 35 and 40. And as we continue to execute, drive that down lower. 
 Now part of that, to your question, one of the points you made is the ability to drive less variability in their business, certainly continuing to execute on our life cycle solutions strategy helps there. The Solutions as a Service as we just talked about with SATCOM as an example and some of the things we're doing on the precision upgrade side. Also, we think we can continue to build a base of revenue and profitability that is much less reliant on just end market demand in terms of new units and volume each and every year. So we're focused there. We're going to continue to execute, but we feel good about the opportunity we have there. 
Josh Beal: Probably have time for one more question. 
Operator: And that last question will come from Tim Thein with Citigroup. 
Timothy Thein: All right. Yes, I suspect we'll hear some early feedback on the crop care EOP on next quarter's call. And obviously, the commodity price backdrop heading into planting season in North America, it looks like it will be less supportive than last year. And I think there was also some uniqueness in terms of the tightness in new and used sprayers a year ago. 
 So -- and maybe this is best for Aaron. I'm just curious, if you can share any thoughts as to how you expect this will play out and back to the earlier point around early indicators for next year, what -- will that -- do you expect that to be as useful as a signal for large ag demand in '25? And then I guess, importantly, how you expect you'll approach pricing on that? 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, this is Josh Jepsen, maybe I'll start. I would say as we look at, going forward, we're early, we'll roll out those early order programs in the June time frame, beginning on planters and then sprayers to follow in that range. 
 You're right, last year, we saw a little bit of a bifurcation between those. Those generally have looked similar. We saw planters incrementally a little bit weaker than sprayers and sprayers have been constrained. So there has been some difference in what we've seen there.
 I think importantly, to your question of do we think it's going to be a good indicator? I would say, yes, I think that's always a good opportunity for us to get a pulse on how our folks thinking after they've got a crop in the ground. What are they looking at in terms of upgrading their planters and sprayers and also level of technology and the ability for us to also go back and make trade-ins for folks that do want to upgrade their technology and take those trade-ins and upgrade them for the second or third customer, I think, will be important as well. And our dealers are investing in that activity. They're investing in the capabilities to do that, I think, which is really important. 
 Go ahead, Aaron. 
Aaron Wetzel: Yes. I don't know that I can add much more to what Josh said. Other than, I think, given some of the new technologies we're bringing out across both planters and sprayers, we expect customers to want to take advantage of that for their operations. But we'll closely watch the EOP activity as it transpires through the period and adjust accordingly once we see how things roll out. 
Josh Beal: Thanks for the question, Tim. And that's all the time we have for today. We really appreciate everybody calling in, and thanks for joining us. Have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-11-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Beal, Director of Investor Relations (sic) [Mr. Brent Norwood, Head of Investor Relations]. Thank you. You may begin. 
Brent Norwood: Hello. Good morning. Also on the call today are Josh Jepsen, Chief Financial Officer; Josh Beal, Director of Investor Relations; and Josh Rohleder, Manager of Investor Communications. 
 Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's fourth quarter earnings and spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal year 2024. After that, we'll respond to your questions.
 Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. 
 First, a reminding -- reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call.
 This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances and other factors that are difficult to predict. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K, Risk Factors in the Annual Form 10-K as updated by reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. 
 I will now turn the call over to Josh Rohleder. 
Joshua Rohleder: Good morning, and an early happy holidays to everyone. John Deere finished the year with an excellent fourth quarter, thanks in part to strong margins of 20.3% for equipment operations. Continued outperformance throughout the year resulted in 16% top line net sales and revenue growth for 2023.
 Operating margins came in for the year just shy of 22%, helping generate nearly $12 billion in operating cash flow. Across our businesses, performance was driven by strong market demand, operational execution and improved production costs.
 Looking ahead to 2024, shifting ag market dynamics will lead to a decline in demand. However, we expect to hold the structural gains in profitability achieved over the last few years, delivering expected decrementals off our 2023 baseline financial performance.
 Meanwhile, the construction and forestry market demand outlook remains mixed, with uncertainty in housing and commercial investments partially offset by tailwinds from mega projects and infrastructure spending.
 Slide 3 opens with the results for fiscal year 2023. Net sales and revenues were up 16% to $61.3 billion, while net sales for equipment operations were also up 16% to $55.6 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $10.2 billion or $34.63 per diluted share.
 Next, fourth quarter results are on Slide 4. Net sales and revenues were down 1% to $15.4 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were down 4% to $13.8 billion. However, net income attributable to Deere & Company increased to $2.4 billion or $8.26 per diluted share.
 Moving to Slide 5, we'll review our fourth quarter segment results, starting with our production and precision ag business. Net sales of $6.965 billion were down 6% compared to the fourth quarter last year. This was primarily due to lower shipment volumes, partially offset by price realization. Price realization in the quarter was positive by about 10 points. Currency translation was also positive by about 1 point.
 Operating profit was $1.836 billion, resulting in a 26.4% operating margin for the segment. The year-over-year increase in operating profit was primarily due to price realization partially offset by lower shipment volumes and sales mix as well as higher SA&G and R&D spend. Notably, production costs came in favorable for the quarter.
 Recall that tough fourth quarter year-over-year comps for PPA were expected due to supply chain issues in 2022, which drove late shipments and out-of-season deliveries into the fourth quarter.
 Turning to small ag and turf on Slide 6. Net sales were down 13% and totaling $3.094 billion in the fourth quarter due to lower shipment volumes, partially offset by price realization. Price realization in the quarter was positive by nearly 5 points. Currency was also positive by approximately 1 point.
 For the quarter, operating profit declined year-over-year to $444 million, resulting in a 14.3% operating margin. The decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes and mix, along with higher SA&G and R&D expenses, partially offset by price realization and production costs.
 Please flip to Slide 7 for the fiscal year 2024 ag and turf industry outlook. We expect large ag equipment industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to decline 10% to 15%, reflecting softening sales on the heels of 3 years of strong demand, coupled with moderating farm fundamentals and high interest rates weighing on discretionary equipment purchases.
 Headwinds will be tempered by healthy farm balance sheets, declining input costs, supportive fleet fundamentals and continued profitability following record years. For small ag and turf in the U.S. and Canada, industry demand is estimated to be down 5% to 10%. 
 The dairy and livestock segment continues to remain steady, thanks to elevated protein and hay prices. This is offset by subdued demand in the turf and compact utility tractor markets, which are closely tied to single-family home sales and home improvement spending, both of which remain under pressure from higher interest rates.
 Shifting to Europe, the industry is forecasted to be down around 10%. Farm fundamentals in the region continue to be mixed, with opposing dynamics between Eastern and Western Europe. Eastern Europe continues to be impacted by grain inflows from Ukraine driving down commodity prices, while Western Europe remains profitable with favorable grain prices and declining input costs, stabilizing equipment demand in 2024.
 Dairy and livestock risks have also abated in recent months with livestock prices forecasted roughly flat after coming down from record highs in early 2023 and dairy and cash flow beginning to bottom.
 In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to be down about 10%, moderated by strong headwinds during 2023. Brazil, in particular, was challenged with political uncertainty early on and a delayed government ag financing plan announcement. Coupled with already high interest rates and lower commodity prices that reduced farm profitability, the cumulative impact of these headwinds ultimately led to slower retail sales in the second half of 2023. This has been exacerbated most recently by severe dryness in Northern Brazil and flooding in the South to start the 2024 planting season.
 Across the rest of South America, elevated interest rates and heightened economic uncertainty, primarily in Argentina, are further dampening expectations. Industry sales in Asia are also projected to be down moderately, notably with India, the world's largest tractor market by units, down around 5%.
 Turning to our segment forecasts on Slide 8. We anticipate production in precision ag net sales to be down between 15% and 20% in fiscal year 2024. The forecast assumes approximately 1.5 points of positive price realization and flat currency translation. Segment operating margin forecast for the full fiscal year is between 23% and 24%, reflecting our ability to sustain gains in structural profitability. 
 Slide 9 gives our forecast for the small ag and turf segment. We expect fiscal year '24 net sales to be down between 10% and 15%. This includes about 1 point of positive price realization and flat currency translation. The segment's operating margin is projected to be between 15% and 16%.
 Shifting to construction and forestry on Slide 10. Price realization and higher shipment volumes both contributed to an 11% increase in net sales for the quarter to $3.742 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by over 6 points. This was supported by just over 1 point of positive currency translation. Operating profit increased to $516 million, resulting in a 13.8% operating margin. Favorable price realization more than offset higher production costs and unfavorable currency exchange during the quarter.
 Slide 11 provides our 2024 construction and forestry industry outlook. Industry sales for earthmoving equipment in the U.S. and Canada are expected to be down 5% to 10%, while compact construction equipment in the U.S. and Canada is expected to be flat to down 5%. While end market segments vary, oil and gas continues to be stable. And while housing starts and non-res investments require caution due to the current interest rate environment, U.S. infrastructure and mega project spending supports continued equipment investment. 
 Global forestry markets are expected to be down around 10% as all global markets continue to be challenged. Global road building markets are forecasted to be roughly flat, reflective of continued strong infrastructure spending in the U.S., offset by softening in Europe.
 Continuing with our C&F segment outlook on Slide 12, 2024 net sales are forecasted to be down around 10%. Our net sales guidance for the year includes about 1.5 points of positive price realization and flat currency translation. The segment's operating margin is projected to be between 17% and 18%, reflecting the continued structural shift in profitability for C&F.
 And ultimately, let's transition to our financial service operations on Slide 13. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $190 million for the fourth quarter. The year-over-year decline was mainly due to unfavorable derivative market valuation adjustments, coupled with less favorable financing spreads and a higher provision for credit losses. These factors were partially offset by income earned on a higher average portfolio.
 For fiscal year 2024, the net income forecast is $770 million. Results are expected to be higher year-over-year, primarily due to income earned on a higher average portfolio and a nonrepeating onetime accounting correction that occurred in 2023. These will be partially offset by less favorable financing spreads and lower gains on operating lease residual values.
 Finally, Slide 14 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year 2024, our full year net income forecast is expected to be between $7.75 billion and $8.25 billion, demonstrating executional discipline despite increasing pressure from industry headwinds.
 Next, our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate between 24% and 26%. 
 Lastly, cash flow from equipment operations is projected to be in the range of $8 billion to $8.5 billion. 
 To close, our ability to generate approximately $8 billion in net income at near mid-cycle sales levels in fiscal year '24 is a testament to the positive structural impacts we've seen from executing our strategy.
 This now concludes our formal remarks. Let's turn to a few key topics of interest before opening the line for Q&A. 
 I'd like to start with the year in review before we jump to 2024. Not only did we have a record fourth quarter in terms of net income, but we finished the full year with net sales and revenues as well as net income, eclipsing the $60 billion and $10 billion mark, respectively.
 Brent, can you break down what went well, both the quarter and the year? 
Brent Norwood: Sure, Josh. That's a great question. Yes, let's start with the quarter, which was a tremendous finish to the year and really boiled down to solid execution as we delivered against the year's backlog of orders. 
 During the quarter, our factories resumed normal seasonal shipment patterns, meaning we consistently hit forecasted line rates in our factories and delivered on our commitment to customers. In markets like North America, large ag, nearly all shipments were presold, enabling us to demonstrate disciplined inventory management. 
 Furthermore, pricing remained strong through the close of the year, helping us keep pace with some of the inflationary pressures over the last few years.
 On the execution side, we saw positive year-over-year production cost comps in the fourth quarter for the first time in over 3 years for both production and precision ag and small ag and turf. This is a direct result of our team's efforts to rein in inflationary costs, combined with some relief on raw materials and freight prices, which have come down from record highs. Overall, these factors drove a strong finish to an incredible year, making 2023 a story of disciplined execution.
 Following multiple years of a disruptive and challenging environment, we worked through our order books with on-time deliveries, enabling most products to move off restricted allocation. Pricing caught up with inflation, and we saw supply chains revert to normal, which ultimately meant we were able to deliver products to customers on time and at expected costs. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen here, maybe to add. I think the overarching takeaway here is that we're finally getting back to steady state of execution. As Brent mentioned, factory production schedules and customer deliveries have returned to traditional seasonal patterns, which has been very good for the business. And we expect that 2024 will be much the same, meaning we'll see the highest levels of production in the second and third quarter, aligning with the primary use periods for farm and construction equipment.
 Meanwhile, the first quarter will embed lower production rates, allowing for model year changeovers, required factory maintenance and shutdowns during the holiday season. So similar to last year, we expect the first quarter top line to be down 20% to 25% sequentially and for first quarter margins to be 300 to 400 basis points lower than the full year guide. 
Joshua Rohleder: That's great color, Brent, and thanks for the reminder on seasonality, Josh. It's been a few years since we've been able to use seasonal trends as a guide for future expectations. And speaking of future expectations, this is a perfect segue into my next question, which is probably top of mind for everybody today.
 Our 2024 guidance would indicate that markets will be a bit more dynamic next year. I know there's a lot to unpack here, Brent, but maybe you could walk us through what we could expect by segment and geography? 
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Josh. Definitely a lot to unpack here. Why don't we start with large ag in North America. Farm fundamentals are expected to remain sound in 2024, albeit down from record highs of the last few years. That said, customers are still profitable heading into 2024, with balance sheets bolstered by multiple years of record net income. Farm debt-to-equity ratios are forecasted to remain at historic lows, thanks in part to continued increases in farmland value. And while commodity prices trend lower, we still expect crop cash receipts to be the third highest in 2024.
 Similarly, corn and soy cash margins will be down from highs but remain above levels experienced in the back half of the last decade. Lower input costs are offsetting some of the impact from lower prices for soft commodities. Fertilizer costs, for example, is now below 2021 levels. 
 Finally, North American yields are coming in better than expected, which could drive some tax buying for used equipment during the remainder of the calendar year. There's certainly a lot of puts and takes to farm fundamentals this year, but the takeaway is that lower commodity prices and higher interest rates are weighing on equipment demand, but even still, cash margins are still supportive of replacement at mid-cycle volumes. And after 3 years of healthy fleet replacement levels, customers will have a little more discretion on equipment CapEx decisions, creating a more dynamic volume environment for the next year.
 Now turning to an equipment sales perspective, we see a really mixed bag in 2024. To give a little color, I'll start with our Early Order Program results by products. 
 As previously noted on the third quarter call, our model year 2024 sprayer Early Order Program ended strong, up year-over-year, and planters were flat year-over-year with revenues bolstered by a strong mix for larger equipment and higher precision ag take rates. And while early orders are flat to up for our crop care products, we will still be making -- or we will be making minimal post-season deliveries in 2024, which will put some downward pressure on shipment volumes when compared to 2023. While our combine Early Order Program does not finish until the end of November, we expect volumes to be down double digits when compared to 2023.
 Finally, we manage tractors on a rolling order book basis. Our row crop tractor orders are booked through most of the second quarter with similar production levels to 2023. Meanwhile, 4-wheel drive tractors are sold out through the end of the third quarter, reflecting continued strong demand and restricted availability for the product line in 2024. 
Joshua Rohleder: Okay. So it sounds like EOPs are running the full gamut across our product lines. I guess that purports the next question. How are we positioned going into the year from an inventory perspective? 
Brent Norwood: Our teams did a tremendous job in 2023 managing North America production in line with the retail demand. To put that in context for new equipment, year-end inventory-to-sales ratios are at 15% for 220-plus horsepower tractors, 9% for 4-wheel drive tractors and just 4% for combines. We are well positioned to produce in line with retail demand again this year for the North American market.
 Furthermore, on the used inventory side, dealers have done an amazing job proactively managing volumes. Take combines, for example. Ending fiscal year inventory is down 22% from its intra-year high in May and down nearly 40% below the 10-year average. And while used high-horsepower tractors have recovered from historic lows, they are still about 20% below the 10-year average. So all in all, we feel really good about the starting position for 2024 from an inventory basis, which is really important as end markets inflect a bit next year. When compared to prior replacement cycles, we've managed inventory much tighter in North America than ever before. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen. Just to add on here. While markets ebb and flow, we've learned from prior cycles and know how to manage through them and execute on the things we control, as demonstrated by Brent's comments on North American large ag inventory. 
Joshua Rohleder: That's great to hear, Josh. And Brent, I'd actually like to pull on a thread you hinted at just a second ago. Our guide would imply that demand modulates in some markets for 2024. Could you compare how we're positioned today relative to prior replacement periods? 
Brent Norwood: Absolutely. There are really a few different variables that make this replacement period distinct from prior periods in the North American market. First is large ag inventory levels, which we've already talked about. These remain significantly below long-term averages. In fact, new inventories for both combines and 220-plus horsepower tractors are 30% below 2013 levels and while 4-wheel drive tractors are 60% below that same year.
 Secondly, fleet age is significantly older today than in 2013 when the fleet was the youngest in recorded history. Combines are roughly in line with long-term averages, while large tractors remain nearly 2 years above the mean and have yet to inflect downward meaningfully. Importantly, the higher fleet age helps dampen the amplitude of the cycle.
 Additionally, farmer balance sheets are much healthier today, driven primarily by higher farmland values and years of profitable seasons. 
 Finally, even with higher interest rates, financing options remain prevalent for farmers. At the same time, we've decreased the size of our leasing portfolio and limited leasing options to 3- to 5-year terms, eliminating short-term leases, which drove higher used inventory levels in the 2014 to 2016 period.
 The key message here is that the production constraints of the last few years, combined with better inventory discipline from Deere, positions the company really well as demand pivots in 2024. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen. Two things to point out here. First is that we are a different company today versus a decade ago, and we have managed the replacement cycle better than the past. Certainly, we have work to do, but we know where we need to focus and we'll execute.
 The second is around our ability to deliver solutions that help farmers reduce cost and increase profits is much greater today than it was in the past. Farmers now have a breadth of new precision ag technologies, which can help differentiate their operations in an increasingly competitive global market. 
Joshua Rohleder: Okay. Thanks, Brent and Josh. That makes a ton of sense. We spent quite a bit of time now on North America. Can we shift over to South America? Josh, would you walk us through what's happening down there? 
Josh Jepsen: Of course. I think it's best to start with what happened in '23, which is driving much of our expectations for '24. And as we noted, Brazil has been a very dynamic market with a number of temporary headwinds. We experienced industry demand weaken much faster than expected in the second half of the year for the reasons, Josh Rohleder, you mentioned earlier. For example, we saw combine retail sales down about 25% and large tractor retails down close to 10% in the second half of 2023, demonstrating the volatility we experienced.
 As a result, we, along with the rest of the industry, ended up building more inventory than planned, even though we pulled back production in 2023. Therefore, we will under-produce demand next year and our 2024 guide reflects us bringing inventory back to target levels. 
 Importantly, we will continue to invest in the market due to the tremendous potential of our integrated offerings across production systems to drive productivity, profitability and sustainability for producers in the region, all the while building a more resilient and responsive business to handle market fluctuations. 
Joshua Rohleder: Okay. Thanks, Josh. And now let's finish up on the ag side with Europe. What are the dynamics over there, Brent? 
Brent Norwood: While volumes will be down a bit next year, Europe remains more stable relative to the other markets we've already discussed. It's been a consistent story, and we expect 2024 to be no different. While large tractor demand finished strong, we did see moderation across mid tractors and combines. We were able to manage production accordingly and feel well positioned heading into 2024.
 Given the continued headwinds and a competitive market environment, we expect orders for 2024 to be down in line with industry demand. And with order books approximately 45% full, this gives us visibility through most of the first half of the year. Ultimately, we remain committed to executing our business strategy in Europe. Our focus remains on offering differentiated value to our customers through increasing precision tech adoption. 
Joshua Rohleder: Thanks, Brent. That's really helpful. Let's shift now to C&F. With 2023 being a story of rental and dealer re-fleeting following 2 years of constrained production, what should we expect to see in 2024? And then secondly, we've heard a lot about mega project and infrastructure spending still to come, yet guidance is down for the next fiscal year. Can you walk us through what's going on there? 
Brent Norwood: You bet, Josh. On one hand, you have strong end markets and infrastructure, as you noted earlier, which are offset by some caution in our guide around residential and the office and commercial sector, given elevated interest rates. On the other hand, you have these mega projects and systemic investment in U.S. manufacturing, which will be significant, albeit hard to predict on timing. Where we've seen the most consistency is in road building as U.S. government funding, both local and federal has driven expectations for another solid year for the Wirtgen Group.
 With respect to inventories, the broader industry built field inventory at a faster pace than we did in 2023. While we did recover from the historic low inventories of 2022, we still trailed the industry. So we'll have a few pockets of further inventory build in 2024.
 Market dynamics aside, we are a structurally better business today than we were just a few years ago, which is evidenced by our nearly doubled margins in the last 4 years. From the acquisition of Wirtgen, which gave us exposure to an excellent roadbuilding end market, to our decision to develop a Deere-designed excavator, we've really concentrated our focus on the margin-accretive areas of that business. 
Joshua Rohleder: That's helpful insight into the various end-market dynamics, Brent. The sound execution of our C&F business really looks to be paying off as we see another year of high margins and reduced decrementals relative to our historical performance. 
 I'd like now to switch the focus over to our tech stack. Brent, could you give us an update on the business model and where we stand across See & Spray, autonomy and the latest Gen 5 display and operating system? 
Brent Norwood: Sure. We've made some big strides across our entire tech product portfolio this year, with much of the focus on our retrofit solutions or what we refer to as precision upgrades. With See & Spray, which is our down payment on Sense & Act technologies, we successfully launched See & Spray Ultimate for model year 2024 and have seen significant interest in our limited release of See & Spray Premium, the retrofit kit, which can be applied all the way back to model year 2018 sprayers. We are targeting a significant push for premium into the installed base in 2025, supported by our Solutions as a Service business model.
 For See & Spray Premium, we've kept the up-front capital cost for hardware and installation to a minimum, followed by a per-acre use model that aligns our monetization with our customers' value. Meanwhile, our autonomy journey is progressing nicely with plans for acreage expansion through our paid pilots in 2024. 
 Our 2023 pilots generated substantial insights in model training, while our key metrics improved significantly year-over-year for KPIs like uptime without intervention, mean time between interventions and reductions in false positives. The progress here will set us up for broader commercialization with opportunities to accelerate utilization through retrofitting autonomy in the installed base of our tractors. 
 What we started seeing is that when a customer tries out new precision technology for the first time, they rarely go back. So the key here is adoption and utilization, which is made easier through our Gen 5 display, another innovative example of our focus on production systems and life cycle solutions. This new display is key to helping farmers unlock significant productivity gains across their entire fleet of equipment.
 Coupled with the latest StarFire receiver and modem, a farmer can add basic precision features such as auto track and section control to tractors more than a decade old. This is a critical step in helping farmers enable less seasoned operators to do tasks that would have historically required someone with years of experience to do. 
 Overall, our continued investment in the tech stack and business model transformation reflects our commitment to delivering customer value and productivity regardless of the equipment age. 
Joshua Rohleder: That's all really exciting, Brent. And it looks like we continue to demonstrate our commitment to the business strategy with stable through-cycle investments in innovation. To that extent, maintaining the gains in structural profitability we've achieved over the last few years requires diligent cost management across the business. We've already noted the significant effort we've put into reducing costs in 2023. But Brent, can you share how we're thinking about cost management for 2024? 
Brent Norwood: That's a great question, Josh. 2023 was really all about getting the low-hanging fruit. From premium freight to declining raw material costs, we did a good job at wringing out a decent amount of disruption-related inefficiencies. 
 As we look forward into 2024, we remain focused on continuing to tackle inflationary costs, and we think there's substantial opportunity across both direct and indirect material as well as logistics and overhead. We've already begun to see these impacts show up in our financials to an extent. The fourth quarter was the first time we've seen production costs flip positive for both production and precision ag and small ag and turf, driven primarily by material and freight. 
 Our 2024 guide implies that overall production costs will be slightly favorable for the full year. As price realization moderates to normal levels, the focus on cost becomes an increasingly more important component to maintaining and improving our structural cost position. The focus on reducing our direct and indirect materials as well as our logistics cost becomes especially acute given the continued rise in labor costs across many of our markets. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Josh Jepsen again. One thing to add to Brent's comments there is just the effort of our teams. These costs don't come out overnight nor do they come from the work of one lone group. It takes a lot of hard work across the board to make this happen. Part of our success over the past few years has been our ability to manage our business and run a lean operation capable of adapting quickly to changing environments, while maintaining the clear priority of taking care of customers. Our teams remain focused on cost management, and I expect we'll see the benefit of these efforts as we move forward. 
Joshua Rohleder: Okay. Great. And my final question is back to you, Josh. We've had a significant year from a cash flow perspective. Can you talk briefly about our use of cash priorities and capital allocation in '23? And then what we might expect in 2024? 
Josh Jepsen: Sure. We saw excellent cash flow conversion in 2023, allowing us to execute on all of our priorities. Liquidity, along with our single A credit rating remains in good shape, which has allowed us to reinvest diligently in the business. This has never been more important than today.
 Despite top line guidance being down in 2024, we are well positioned to continue our organic and inorganic investments in the business. In particular, we plan to maintain a similar investment level in R&D next year. 
 Next, we're able to increase our dividend by nearly 20% this year, reflecting our confidence in a structurally more profitable business today than in years past.
 And finally, we completed the year with nearly $7.2 billion in share repurchases. Over the last 3 years, we have returned nearly 75% of our cash from the equipment operations to shareholders via dividends and buybacks. And as we execute on the strategy, we remain committed to disciplined uses of cash. 
Joshua Rohleder: Thanks, Josh. Now before we open up the line for questions, do you have any final thoughts you'd like to share? 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, that would be great. It's been a truly phenomenal year for us in 2023. Our teams executed well, recovering from some of the production challenges in 2022. As a result, we ended the year setting new levels of structural profitability on margins, net income and earnings per share while investing significantly in the business and returning cash to shareholders.
 Since 2020, we focused on 4 key things which are driving our results. We restructured the entire enterprise to mirror the production systems of our customers to focus on value unlock via incremental addressable market. This also delivered improvements in empowerment and autonomy for the organization.
 Next, we centralized our technology development to leverage tech across the enterprise, increase speed and reduce redundancy. 
 Third, we stood up an organization to help us better serve our customers throughout the entire life cycle of our products and solutions. 
 And lastly, we embraced a more disciplined capital allocation framework focused on prioritizing the greatest opportunities for customer value unlock, optimizing our business portfolio, which included exiting some unprofitable markets and product lines that didn't serve our strategy or create significant customer value and accelerating development and deployment of value-creating technologies.
 We're confident when we create customer value, we are making their jobs and lives easier while enabling them to do more with less. And as a result, we will in turn grow and create value-adding margin-accretive solutions. 
 Our guide for 2024 contemplates our equipment operations being right around mid-cycle sales levels. As a result of our structural improvements, combined with our execution, we will deliver nearly 2x the margin and 2.5x the net income than the last time our businesses were near mid-cycle in the 2018, 2019 time frame.
 It's important to note that we'll achieve this level of profitability while continuing to protect our most important investments in products and services that further differentiate our customers. R&D and new product-related CapEx remains at the highest level in the company's history. And we continue to invest in life cycle solutions and business model transformation. Fundamentally, we are operating very differently than in the past. 
 As a result of these actions we've taken in executing the strategy and the significant opportunity in front of us, we are confident in our ability to produce higher levels of returns through cycle while dampening the variability in our performance over time. This will lead to higher highs and higher lows for our business.
 The runway of opportunity ahead of us is still greater than what we've unlocked to date, which gives us confidence in our strategy and enthusiasm to deliver for our customers and all stakeholders through the balance of the decade. 
Joshua Rohleder: Thanks, Josh. Now let's open it up to see what other questions our investors have. 
Brent Norwood: Now we have -- now we are all ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. [Operator Instructions]. Sue? 
Operator: Thank you.[Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. 
Stephen Volkmann: Great. My question, I guess, is around kind of the cost side of this. I guess, historically, I've been through a few cycles with you guys, I might have thought that there'd be more opportunity on the cost side relative to the sort of top line guide that you're giving. I'm calculating kind of a 35% decremental. I guess that's kind of okay, but it feels like there should be some levers for you to pull to maybe mitigate that a little bit. So any thoughts around that? I'd love to hear. 
Brent Norwood: Yes. Steve, thanks for the question. Regarding our cost management for 2024 and sort of the level of structural profitability embedded in the business, you'll see that some of our most profitable markets are down from a top line perspective. So production and precision ag will be down 15% to 20%, while at the same time, maintaining a 35% decremental. And as we look at sort of the execution in the fourth quarter, we're starting to see some of our disciplined cost management come into play. I mean that's the first quarter in a number of years where we've seen production costs actually become deflationary and serve as a tailwind for our business. And I would say there's a significant agenda that we'll be executing towards for the remainder of 2024, but we're pleased to see the progress we've made already in the fourth quarter of '23. 
 Our goal from a cost management perspective is to really neutralize all of the -- to the extent possible, the production cost inflation in next year and where possible, actually drive some of that to a production cost deflation tailwind for us. If you think about some of the areas where we're most focused, it's really around reducing cost in our supply chain, while at the same time, increasing resiliency in the supply base. Over the longer term, we'll also work on designing cost out of our equipment.
 And so if we break that down into some of the subcomponents, we'll have opportunities both in raw material and freight costs, which were tailwinds for us in the back half of 2023. Those will continue to be tailwinds for us in 2024. And then logistics will be another area of focus. And I think we're seeing that come down across really all forms of logistics from rail, ocean, trucking and airfreight as well. We go back to 2022, we saw our air freight expense increase almost sixfold during that year, and we got about 1/2 of that back in '23. And we look to get more of that back over the course of 2024. 
Stephen Volkmann: And just to be clear, you're expecting that within that 35% decremental, you're expecting kind of all those pieces of goodness that you just described? 
Brent Norwood: Yes. Certainly, our guide would contemplate achieving further reductions, and that's already included in our 35% decremental. There's certainly going to be opportunities to continue to control decrementals with further supply management and cost activities for 2024. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Steve. One thing I would add is, I mean, if we compare back to periods when we've been at or around mid-cycle, which we're projecting '24 will be, our margins will be nearly double net income, about 2.5x greater. So I mean, if you think about being around mid-cycle, delivering this decremental and significant improvement from a mid-cycle-to-mid-cycle perspective in profitability, we feel good about where we're at. We have opportunities to keep working on, and we'll methodically work through those. And as we execute, we'll see those benefits come through. But we feel good about where we're at from a guide perspective. We know we need to execute. But really, structurally, see a significant shift forward even just, call it, the last 5, 6 years. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stanley Elliott with Stifel. 
Stanley Elliott: Can you just talk a little bit about the implied pricing as roughly kind of 1%, coming off of difficult compares? Help us with maybe the exit rate into next year -- or the end of this year or '24? Are we talking about negative pricing? Just any kind of help that you can provide there would be great. 
Brent Norwood: Stanley, regarding our pricing strategy for 2024, we'll be at about 1.5 points for both PPA and CNF and then 1 point for SAT. We will see some carryover early in the year, but we would expect the entire year to remain positive for all 3 segments. Importantly, that forecast does include a return of some retail discounts. So that is a net price realization figure, again, inclusive of incentives.
 And I think what you've seen is with Brazil being maybe the only notable exception, in most markets, we've really controlled our inventory position, which helps us protect our pricing strategy in most markets for 2024. So we wouldn't expect to see any segment go negative through the course of 2024. Thanks, Stanley. 
Operator: The next question is from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo. 
Seth Weber: Happy Thanksgiving. I wanted to see if you could just give a little bit of context around your guidance for P&PA and the other segments, where your growth is expected to be -- your decline is expected to be bigger than the industry declines. If you could just maybe contextualize that for us, like why Deere would be underperforming, what you're calling for, for the industry end markets. 
Brent Norwood: Yes. Happy Thanksgiving to you, too, Seth. Regarding our guide, our financial guide relative to our industry forecast, you'll notice a slight difference -- some slight differences between the segments, maybe starting with production and precision ag. In North America, we have positioned ourselves really well, and we will be able to produce in line with retail demand for 2024. Where you're seeing our financial guide a little bit lower than our broader industry guide is really due to Brazil, where we will be underproducing retail demand in 2024 as we work to bring inventory levels back to our targeted levels for that particular market. So that's really what's affecting our financial guide relative to the industry guide for production and precision ag.
 For small ag and turf, the story there continues to be around small tractors, our compact utility tractors, where we'll see another year of underproduction to bring inventory levels back down a little bit. That market continues to be affected by the slowdown in single-family housing starts and can also be relatively sensitive to interest rate increases. And so, as that end market continues to be slow, we'll underproduce yet another year in 2024. I would say, for the rest of small ag and turf, we'll have the ability to produce largely in line with the industry.
 As it relates to construction and forestry, the story there is a little bit different. You saw the industry at large build inventory in 2023. We did build some inventory, but certainly not at the pace that the broader industry did. And so that we actually may have a little further inventory build yet to come in 2024, but it will be an inventory build to a lesser extent than what happened in 2023. So that will drive lower shipment volumes year-over-year relative to the industry there. 
 So it's a little bit different story depending on what segment we're talking about, but that's the reconciliation -- the broad reconciliation of our financial guide to the industry. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Seth, this is Josh. Maybe one thing to add is just to reiterate the position in North America on the large ag side. We've managed that very well and very different than the prior cycle. I think both new and used, we're really well positioned, as Brent mentioned, both to build in line with retail as we go forward. But the work that's been done on the new-new side, we highlighted it earlier, but for example, new inventory on combines, inventory sales of 4% at the end of the year, 4-wheel drive tractors 9%, or something like 15% on row crop. So both the new side and then what the dealers have done working through used proactively, and we've supported that activity, has been really positive and positioned us well when you think about our biggest market. Thanks, Seth. 
Operator: The next question is from Tim Thein with Citigroup. 
Timothy Thein: Maybe just coming back to the comments on production costs and I guess it's a bit more of a clarification. But I thought I heard you say earlier that you expect that the production cost to be favorable overall for the company in '24. But then later, it sounded like maybe there are pieces of it that you expected to be favorable. So just so we're on the same page in terms of the EBIT bridge you provided by segment, that production cost for the company as a whole, you expect that to be on the plus side throughout '24? Is that correct? Or is that not? Did I mishear that? 
Brent Norwood: Yes. Regarding production costs for 2024, our guide would contemplate production costs to be flat to a tailwind next year, a slight tailwind, I should say. There are some subcomponents within production costs that will still be inflationary. But net-net, we should be moderately positive in the year 2024. 
 Specifically, we would expect tailwinds to come from further material and freight reductions in 2024 when compared to 2023. Labor would be the largest inflationary item within the production cost bucket for us. And what we're seeing is many of the labor contracts that we have within our factories do have scheduled step-ups in the year. So we'll have to offset those to bring total production cost to a deflationary state in 2024, which, again, our guide does contemplate. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean in short, Tim, you add up those bars for production costs, they should be green is our current expectation for production cost in '24. 
Operator: The next question is from Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. 
Kristen Owen: Happy Thanksgiving. I wanted to ask on the broader capital allocation question, just given the outlook. You've got operating cash flow conversion greater than 100% guided in 2024. And so my question is twofold. First, on the internal investments, can you talk about the technology spend through the cycle and how you're prioritizing those projects? And then externally, maybe touch on the dividend given the 25% to 35% payout ratio at mid-cycle, how we should think about that influencing your dividend outlook next year? 
Josh Jepsen: Kristen, it's Josh. Thank you for the question. I'll start with the R&D side. So yes, we'll be up slightly from an R&D perspective. So we're talking $2.2 billion or more. A tremendous amount of that continues to be focused on what we're doing from a technology perspective and bringing Sense & Act technologies across our portfolio, across the enterprise. Autonomy, significant opportunities there. And as Brent mentioned, we saw good progress this year there as well. And we have significant opportunities there.
 Talking -- We spoke to a dealer principal a week ago. And he talked about being out with customers here over the last month and every single customer across many different crops and production systems, all asking about autonomy. So we know the appetite there and the labor challenges being faced by our customer base. So that remains very real. 
 And we also have some significant new product development coming where we're integrating hardware and technology over the course of the next couple of years. So there's a tremendous amount of focus from an R&D perspective on that. And as you've heard us talk about before, we're continuing to think about alternative propulsion solutions that are going to reduce emissions and reduce cost for our customers, and we've got a focus in that space for sure.
 As it relates to the dividend, we've mentioned we've taken it up nearly 20% this year. I think that underlies the confidence we have in where we are and where we're going. As it relates to our payout percentage in the range, we're still working our way to that range, to the bottom of that and recognize over time, as we continue to execute the way we are, that range will continue to move. So that is something we likely chase as we demonstrate and deliver continued structural profitability.
 But I would say, all in all, given the cash we expect to generate, we'll be able to handle all of our use of cash priorities from investing in the business, organic and inorganic, the dividend as well as using residual cash to repurchase shares. And we think over the long term, we can drive value-enhancing actions there. So thanks, Kristen. 
Operator: The next question is from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 
Jerry Revich: Happy Thanksgiving. Nice to see the production cut in the business before used inventories got out of hand the way they did in prior cycles. I'm wondering if we could just unpack the 15% to 20% production cut in large ag and how you're thinking that will drive a balancing in used inventories because obviously, used inventories are at absolute low level but rising rapidly off the bottom. So what's the level of comfort based on your modeling that the 15% to 20% cut is going to get us where we need to be versus needing to cut production further if used inventories continue to build? Would love to hear how you're thinking about all of that. 
Brent Norwood: Jerry, happy Thanksgiving to you as well. There's a couple of puts and takes as we think about production for next year. Certainly, we and the industry at large have benefited from some of the production constraints over 2021, '22 and '23. Certainly didn't feel like a net benefit during those years. But the constraints that we faced as an industry during that time period, limited the amount of new equipment that we introduced to the fleet in a short period of time. And I think ultimately, we'll see that have a dampening effect on the cycle itself. 
 As it relates to used, we have seen used get depleted significantly during those lean years in '22 and the first part of '23. Some of those used inventories have started to come back up in the early part of 2023. And this is where the dealer response has been really phenomenal in terms of their proactive engagement to keep those used inventories well below historic target averages.
 And so we look at combines we're, I think, something 40% below the historic average there and tractors, we're around 20% below that historic average. Part of that was, again, our dealers being proactive, but then also in the back half of 2023, we did increase our incentive spend on used to help dealers manage that used inventory. 
 And I think the other part of the story here is just around how we've changed some of our leasing options relative to the last cycle. If we go back to 2012 and '13 and '14, John Deere and the industry at large was engaging in a lot of short-term leases that produced machines coming back to OEMs within 1 or 2 years, and that exacerbated some of the used inventory balances that we saw at the end of the cycle. 
 And so as we intend to produce in line for new next year, combined with better inventory management on the new side, we think that balance of new and used should be relatively healthy going into 2024. 
Operator: The next question is from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. 
Robert Wertheimer: I just wanted to circle back to decremental margins in large ag. I think the production and precision is more like 38% versus 35%, obviously, not a huge difference. But I was curious if there's any mix headwind within that segment or R&D? And actually curious how you interpret what sounds like a more negative kind of combine Early Order Program versus some of the others? Is there any shift in time? Is that a combine-specific cycle? Is that -- how do you interpret that differential, if there is one? And is that kind of what's dragging down on the margins in the outlook? 
Brent Norwood: Yes. Thanks, Rob, for the question. Regarding our decrementals for next year, I think -- I mean, there's a number of things to consider. We are seeing a significant double-digit volume decline in our shipments, while, at the same time, we've held our R&D investment relatively flat to up a little bit next year as we intend to invest somewhat consistently through cycle here. 
 As you think about sort of the mix impact that's having in our decrementals, certainly with combines down more than the group average, that's certainly had a little bit of a negative mix headwind there. And I would say, over the last few years, we've seen profitability in Brazil approach our North America margins. And so that market being down more than the entire segment average also is a little bit of a mix headwind. And this is where our focus on cost management is really helping us maintain our traditional decrementals because with those mix headwinds, it would be difficult to do otherwise.
 Specific to combines, in terms of why is that down more than the group segment, combines have a slightly shorter useful life than other pieces of farm equipment. And so over the last 2 to 3 years, we saw the fleet age come down more in combines than tractors. And right now, the fleet age is about in line with long-term averages. And so I think that's given producers a little more discretion on their combine CapEx decisions going into next year. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Maybe -- Rob, great question. This is Josh. One thing to add. At the same time, Brent mentioned R&D, and we're also investing in parts of the business like our business model transformation and how we build out the go-to-market plans there. Over time, we expect that will drive more stable business, better margin as we deliver on that and grow that at scale. I think in the near term, we're building that and investing in it, knowing the benefits that can deliver here as we go through the balance of the decade. 
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Rob. And Sue, I think we have time for one last caller. 
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Mike Shlisky with D.A. Davidson. 
Michael Shlisky: Happy Thanksgiving. Mine's really a very simple one. Just a little more granularity on your comments about this being a mid-cycle year in 2024. I guess I want to know, are all 3 segments looking to be at mid-cycle for fiscal 2024? And are margin expectations for each segment also about where they should be at a mid-cycle as well? Just kind of your thoughts on whether any segment will be below or above mid-cycle and kind of balanced out by the other one. 
Brent Norwood: Mike, happy Thanksgiving to you as well. I would say broadly segments are somewhat close to mid-cycle. I think production and precision ag is probably the closest. Construction and forestry running a little bit higher and small ag and turf a little bit lower, is sort of the directional breakdown there. And I think for us, as we think about structural profitability, we measure that at similar points in the cycle across a long period of time. And so for us, we look at 2024 as a good proxy for mid-cycle. We would compare that to 2019 would be the last year our businesses were running around the same level of volume, and so we're pleased that we can generate 2.5x the net income at these levels. And given the mix, as most of them are closer to mid-cycle than not, we feel like it's a pretty good example of what we can deliver at mid-cycle volumes. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Mike, this is Josh. I think just maybe to add on what Brent mentioned. I think importantly here, what we can deliver here at near mid-cycle is fundamentally different than how we performed in the past. So we're talking about roughly $8 billion of net income, $28, $29 of EPS. You can compare that back to 2013, a period we often get compared to, and we are significantly better than that point in time. And I think that's important because you're seeing a significant shift in terms of how do we perform mid-cycle. Obviously, you saw how well we performed in '23. I think the implication is at the bottom of the cycle, we would expect to perform significantly better than we have in the past as well.
 So we're excited about the opportunities ahead of us. It's not just around how we manage the cycle because we see more opportunity for growth from an ability to create value for customers through technology as well as reducing volatility for both customers in their operations and for Deere. 
 So there's a tremendous amount of room for us over the balance of the decade to continue improving. 
Brent Norwood: That concludes today's call. We appreciate everyone's time and hope you all have a great Thanksgiving. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Brent Norwood, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin. 
Brent Norwood: Hello. Also on the call today are Josh Jepsen, Chief Financial Officer; and Josh Rohleder, Manager of Investor Communications. 
 Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's third quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal year 2023. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. 
 First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. 
 This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to uncertainties, risks, changes and circumstances and other factors that are difficult to predict. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K, Risk Factors in the annual Form 10-K as updated by reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. 
 I will now turn the call over to Josh Rohleder. 
Joshua Rohleder: Good morning, and thank you all for joining. John Deere finished the third quarter with another strong performance, resulting in 22.6% margin for equipment operations. Performance exceeded expectations as a result of sustained demand for both farm and construction equipment as well as sound operational execution across all business units. 
 Ag fundamentals continue to remain healthy with a full order book and positive customer sentiment supporting a strong finish to fiscal year 2023. Meanwhile, construction and forestry remains sold out for the remainder of the fiscal year with robust shipments driven by strong retail demand and rental re-fleeting. 
 Slide 3 begins with results for the third quarter. Net sales and revenues were up 12% to $15.801 billion while net sales for the equipment operations were up 10% to $14.284 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $2.978 billion, or $10.20 per diluted share. Third quarter net income results included a $243 million tax benefit and a $47 million of associated interest income stemming from a favorable tax ruling on Brazilian VAT tax subsidies. 
 Turning now to Slide 4. Let's begin our segment review with the production and precision ag business. Net sales of $6.806 billion were up 12% compared to the third quarter last year, primarily due to price realization. Price realization for the quarter was positive by just under 12 points. Currency translation was also positive by approximately 1 point. 
 Operating profit was $1.782 billion, resulting in a 26.2% operating margin for the quarter. The year-over-year increase was driven by favorable price realization, improved shipment volumes and favorable sales mix, which was partially offset by higher production costs, increased SA&G and R&D spending and unfavorable currency exchange. 
 Shifting to small ag and turf on Slide 5. Net sales were up 3%, totaling $3.739 billion in the third quarter. The increase was a result of price realization, which was partially offset by lower shipment volumes. Price realization was positive by slightly over 9 points. Currency was also positive by slightly under 0.5 point. 
 Operating profit improved year-over-year to $732 million, resulting in 19.6% operating margin. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to price realization and was partially offset by higher production costs, lower shipment volumes and increased SA&G and R&D spending. 
 Slide 6 shows our industry outlook for ag and turf markets globally. In the U.S. and Canada, we expect industry sales of large ag equipment to be up approximately 10% during the fiscal year, reflecting a continuation of strong demand. Ag fundamentals remain solid with farm net income expected to be near historical highs even if down from last year's record levels. 
 Drier weather conditions over the summer put some downward pressure on yields, tightening ending grain stock estimates and further supporting commodity prices. Solid order visibility provides a high level of confidence as we move into the fourth quarter. 
 Within small ag and turf, we estimate industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down between 5% and 10% and as strength from mid-sized equipment continues to be offset by weaker consumer-oriented products, which have been pulled down in part by high interest rates. 
 Mid-sized tractors in the 100- to 180-horsepower range are sold out for the remainder of the year while production cuts in the sub-40-horsepower compact tractor range have helped to bring inventory levels down from April highs. Hay and forage continues to see significant year-over-year increases as production shortages in 2022 fully abate. 
 Turning to Europe. The industry is forecasted to be flat to up 5% for fiscal year 2023. Our visibility for the rest of 2023 remains excellent as order books are largely presold at this point in the year. In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to be flat to down 5% following a record year of equipment in 2022. 
 Positive sentiment around record grain production in 2023 was somewhat offset by political uncertainty and a delayed government-sponsored financing plan. The market remains stable and order books now provide visibility through the remainder of 2023. Industry sales in Asia are forecasted to be down moderately as volumes in India remain subdued when compared to record levels in 2021. 
 Moving now to segment forecast on Slide 7. For production and precision ag, net sales continue to be forecasted up around 20% for the fiscal year. The forecast assumes a -- roughly 15 points of positive price realization for the full year and minimal currency impact. Segment operating margin for the year remains between 25% and 26%, reflecting strong execution globally. 
 Slide 8 gives our forecast for the small ag and turf segment. Net sales are expected to remain up around 5% in fiscal year 2023. Guidance includes about 9 points of positive price realization and approximately 1 point of currency headwind. The segment's projected operating margin is now between 17% and 18%, reflecting stronger-than-expected operational efficiency, notably in Europe. 
 Now switching to construction and forestry on Slide 9. Net sales for the quarter were $3.739 billion, up 14%, primarily due to price realization and higher shipment volumes. Price realization was positive by nearly 10 points and currency translation was also positive by approximately 0.5 point. Operating profit increased year-over-year to $716 million, resulting in a 19.1% operating margin due to price realization and improved shipment volumes. These were partially offset by increased SA&G and R&D expenses, higher production costs and unfavorable currency impact. 
 Slide 10 shows our 2023 industry outlook for construction and forestry. Industry sales of earthmoving and compact construction equipment in North America are both projected to remain flat to up 5%. Demand for earthmoving and compact construction equipment remains robust, driven primarily by the early stages of infrastructure spending and rental re-fleeting. The industry also benefited from some stabilization in housing as well as reshoring efforts in the manufacturing sector, which are helping to offset weaknesses in office and commercial real estate. 
 In forestry, we estimate the global industry will be flat to down 5% with growth in Europe offset by softening markets in the U.S. and Canada. Global roadbuilding markets are forecasted to be flat to up 5%. Strong performance in North America and emerging markets in South America and India are supporting strong fundamentals across Europe. 
 Continuing on with the C&F segment outlook on Slide 11. Deere's construction and forestry 2023 net sales are now forecasted up between 15% and 20% with the results likely to converge towards the middle of that range. Our net sales guidance for the year contains about 11 points of positive price realization. Operating margin is now expected to be between 18.5% to 19.5%. 
 Next, we'll transition to our financial services operations on Slide 12. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the third quarter was $216 million. The 3% year-over-year increase was due to the income earned on a higher average portfolio, partially offset by less favorite financing spreads. 
 For fiscal year 2023, our outlook remains at $630 million, reflecting less favorable financing spreads; the second quarter correction of the accounting treatment for financing incentives; a higher provision for credit losses; increased SA&G expenses; and lower gains on operating lease dispositions. These were partially offset by benefits from a higher average portfolio balance. 
 Finally, Slide 13 outlines our guidance for net income, effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year '23, we are raising our outlook for net income by $0.5 billion, to be between $9.75 billion and $10 billion, reflecting another quarter of strong results and continued optimism for the remainder of the year. 
 Next, our guidance incorporates an updated effective tax rate between 21% and 23%, which reflects the impact of a favorable tax ruling in Brazil as mentioned earlier. Lastly, cash flow from equipment operations is now projected to be in the range of $10.5 billion to $11 billion. This concludes our formal remarks. 
 We will now turn to a few specific topics relevant to the quarter before opening the line for Q&A. Let's begin with Deere's performance this quarter, Brent. 
 We had another really strong quarter with operational results coming in just ahead of our own expectations. Net sales for equipment operations were up 10% year-over-year while operating margins came in at 22.6% for the quarter. Can you break down what went well for us this quarter? 
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Josh. First, our factories ran really well in the third quarter. We saw continued progress from our supply base, enabling our operations to hit production schedules almost exactly as planned. This precise execution from our factories is evident in our top line quarterly cadence, which will show a return to normal seasonality in 2023 when compared to 2022. And a return to normal seasonality is incredibly important to us because it means that we are delivering on our customer commitments to get them machines in season. Importantly, this is a real testament to our factory teams. 
 And the real story, as you alluded to, is around margins, right? All three divisions saw lower-than-expected production cost inflation as our operational teams continued to deliver on cost reduction activities, having eliminated many of the inflationary and disruption-driven costs over the last couple of years. This was especially notable for construction and forestry, which delivered record year-to-date margin performance. 
 In addition to exceptional near-term execution, construction and forestry is also benefiting from executing on our business strategy, as shown by our successful integration of Wirtgen, the dissolution of our Deere-Hitachi joint venture and the strategic portfolio actions that have helped us focus the business. 
 As it relates to the quarter, these results underpin our commitment to operational excellence. With supply chains continuing to improve, we have been able to reduce delinquencies and improve resiliency in our supply base. In premium freight alone, we've been able to reduce costs by nearly 50% this year when compared to last year. From a production standpoint, we've seen material cost inflation come down meaningfully throughout the year. We expect this trend to continue throughout the rest of the year. 
 And when you successfully execute on all of these different initiatives simultaneously, you get factories that fundamentally run better. Across the board, we're seeing smoother operations, leaner in-process inventories and better ability to meet our delivery commitments, which ultimately lead to a better customer experience. 
Joshua Rohleder: That's great. Thanks, Brent. With operations running much more smoothly, maybe we can flip to the other side of the equation. There's been a large amount of focus on industry fundamentals, both from a construction and an ag perspective. 
 I'd like to start with construction equipment. We've seen record amounts of government funding announced in the past few years. Alongside the IIJA and CHIPS Act, the IRA has already announced more than $130 billion worth of clean energy projects. How are construction fundamentals faring today? 
Brent Norwood: Yes, that's great context, Josh. Earthmoving industry fundamentals remain quite strong, driven by construction job growth across most sectors, and in particular, large infrastructure project spending. Coupled with continued rental industry re-fleeting, demand is expected to remain steady throughout the remainder of the year. And while we see nice tailwinds from mega project spendings tied to government funds, most of these projects will primarily benefit 2024 and potentially even 2025, supporting an elongated cycle for construction equipment sales. 
 In the near term, the residential housing market, while down from the highs in 2021, has stabilized despite elevated interest rates. For non-res demand, reshoring trends are driving manufacturing projects while sectors linked to office space and apartment building construction remain quite sluggish. Ultimately, this demand backdrop translates to a strong 6-month rolling order book extending into the second quarter of 2024. And finally, while we have had some success increasing inventory from historic lows, inventory-to-sales ratios still remain well below target levels. 
Joshua Rohleder: Okay. That's perfect. So near-term construction fundamentals remain resilient and the business appears to be very well positioned on the construction side heading into 2024. 
 Focusing now on ag fundamentals. Farmers are expected to have another strong year relative to historicals. WASDE just released its latest forecast last week, showing crop yields down and stocks tightening. How should we be thinking about farmer fundamentals, Brent? 
Brent Norwood: Grain prices have definitely seen a large amount of volatility this year. But equipment demand has remained strong, particularly for large ag. While down year-over-year, crop prices are forecasted to be the third highest in over a decade. And in North America, farmers are projected to have another year of healthy net income. Additionally, farm inputs have trended back down to pre-COVID levels, providing a benefit to next year's farm margins. 
 And finally, as grain production remains subject to ever-volatile weather patterns and adverse geopolitical events, expect stocks use to remain tighter for a bit longer. So in summary, ag fundamentals are still supportive in the North American market. Farmers will continue to see relatively healthy economics, supported by downward-trending input cost and continued constraint on grain supplies globally. 
Joshua Rohleder: Thanks, Brent. That's great color on the U.S. and Canada. If we look outside North America, how will we see these fundamentals impacting Brazil? 
Brent Norwood: Yes, Brazil has been a real dynamic market this year. Earlier in the year, we saw some of the political uncertainty and the delayed government-sponsored financing plans weigh on sentiment. While profitability has been very good, some farmers generated lower-than-expected income due to lower grain prices, combined with a strengthening Brazilian currency relative to the U.S. dollar. 
 As such, we saw the industry forecast come in a bit. And as a result, we trimmed our equipment production some in the back half of 2023. At this point, the order book extends through the fiscal year. And our presold position is robust, eclipsing 90% for combines. 
Josh Jepsen: And Brent, this is Josh Jepsen. Just to add to that, Brazil still experienced record production this year. We're seeing continued acreage expansion and a supportive government-sponsored financing program is now in place. So long term, Brazil remains a key market for us that we'll continue to invest in for the future as we accelerate precision technologies in the region. 
Joshua Rohleder: Thanks, Josh. Now switching back to the North American market. With order books full through the end of the year, how are new field inventory levels shaping up as we exit 2023 and begin planning for '24? 
Brent Norwood: That's a great question, Josh. Starting from the top, all of our North America large ag production is sold out for this year. We expect ending year-over-year changes in new field inventory to be modest. In-season inventory increases have largely corresponded to our quarterly production schedules, which will come down in the fourth quarter. Combine inventory, for example, saw its highest level in the second quarter and is currently down from its peak. 
 We will see that figure step down further in connection with seasonal retail activity ahead of harvest. And while high-horsepower tractor inventory remains sequentially flattish in the third quarter, we'll see that drop off at the end of the fourth quarter, which is typically the highest retail quarter for tractors. Keep in mind that combines and high-horsepower tractors are 95%-plus retail sold to customers already. 
Joshua Rohleder: Perfect. So we will expect to see inventories wind down further throughout the fourth quarter. Now what about used inventories? We've seen those rise pretty significantly year-over-year from their historic lows last year. 
Brent Norwood: We have. But the key phrase here is historic lows last year. When you are starting with a historically small existing inventory base, like we had in 2022, even modest changes in units will reflect large percentage increases. That said, our dealers have been watching used inventories very closely and have been managing them proactively. Large ag equipment has roughly 4 to 5 owners over its useful life in North America. So for every combine or tractor we sell, a dealer will typically facilitate 3 to 4 additional transactions as used equipment works its way down the trade ladder. 
 Now when you put it in the context of my previous comments around new inventory, it would make sense that we saw inventory levels rise during the middle part of the calendar year. However, if we look at used combines, for example, we saw a 10% decrease in used inventory since May. Also, August tends to be an important month for used inventory. So we'll watch closely how that trends. Importantly, used gear inventory for both combines and tractors remains about 20% lower than the 7-year average on a unit basis. 
Josh Jepsen: And this is Josh, maybe one thing, too, to highlight. Just I think the important takeaway here is that by year-end, we expect both new and used inventory levels to be below historic levels on a unit basis, so really position us well as we exit '23 into '24. 
Joshua Rohleder: Perfect. But how are we doing from an EOP perspective in North America? 
Brent Norwood: At this point, we've kicked off, and in some cases, closed our early order programs for a few product lines. I want to caveat here that it is still early. And while we don't have a fully formed view, the early order programs are giving us some early data points. We launched our sprayer EOP back in May and the program ended July 31. The we have sold out all of our model year '24 production slots with unit sales up double digits when compared to model year '23 sprayers. 
 The 2024 year-over-year increase reflects improved supply conditions, which had disproportionately limited sprayer production in 2023. Phase 2 of planters opened in mid-July and has just under 2 weeks left to go in the program. Orders are relatively flat compared to the same point in time as the program last year and down 5% relative to the end of last year's EOP. However, we won't have the final read on this year's Early Order Program until the end of August. Importantly, we are seeing favorable mix towards our larger planters and higher take rates on technology. 
 Our combine early order program just opened at the beginning of this month and has gotten off to a nice start. But it remains too early to extrapolate any data points for 2024 as the program will continue through the end of November. Likewise, our tractor order book has just opened this week for 2Q '24. And we have not had -- we don't have any data points to share at this time. I would note, however, that the order book is currently full through the calendar year '24. 
Joshua Rohleder: Thanks for the color on North America, Brent. Clearly, too early to tell here, but it sounds like preliminary data is supportive. To round out our discussion, can we focus on Europe and discuss how things are shaping up there for next year? 
Brent Norwood: Yes, absolutely. And actually, Josh, I just want to amend my prior statement. Tractors are sold out through calendar year '23, not to '24. In Europe, however, order books are stretching into the second quarter of 2024, providing decent visibility. But with some early order programs having just kicked off, it remains too early to form a view on 2024 outlook. Expect markets in Europe to remain dynamic with outlooks varying a bit between Western Europe versus Central and Eastern markets. 
 Western markets are seeing arable cash margins -- are seeing arable cash flow stabilize at supportive levels while declining input cost will help buttress financials going into next year. Meanwhile, dairy margins may see some pressure in 2024. On the other hand, markets with close proximity to Ukraine will contend with lower commodity prices as reduced port access means grains are flowing over neighboring borders, pressuring local prices. All-in, expect Europe to remain a dynamic market going into 2024. And we'll have a more informed view as we get closer to the start of our fiscal year. 
Josh Jepsen: And one point I'd add to highlight in Europe is our dealer network. We continue to see higher levels of sales flowing through dealers of scale. This has driven better market share, higher rates of precision ag adoption and overall stronger businesses for our dealers and Deere. 
Joshua Rohleder: Perfect. That's great insight. I -- now I have one last question for you, Josh. Given the high level of cash flow this year, we've had an opportunity to execute on all elements of our capital allocation priorities. Can you walk through some of the decisions we've made this year with respect to funding further investments in our business, both organic and inorganic, while at the same time returning higher levels of capital back to investors? 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, great question, Josh. This is, first and foremost, a direct reflection of the strong performance this year, which is projected to yield between $10.5 billion and $11 billion in operating cash flow for the equipment operations. We're very proud of what we've been able to accomplish this year and are encouraged by our ability to both invest aggressively in the business while at the same time returning a significant amount of earnings to our shareholders. 
 During the year, we've increased R&D 15%. We pulled ahead some CapEx projects into 2023 and has still managed to simultaneously deliver over $5.5 billion to shareholders year-to-date through dividends and share repurchases. It further reinforces our excitement for the future and the opportunities we see ahead as we execute on the strategy, unlocking value for customers. 
Joshua Rohleder: Thanks, Josh. And before we open up the line for questions, do you have any final thoughts you'd like to share? 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, thanks. As previously noted, the team is executing at a high level in 2023, which is evident in our results. We're actively working to reduce some of the inflationary and disruption costs experienced over the past couple of years, and we expect to see that benefit continue. 
 Over the last decade, we've been on a journey to deliver more value per unit. This is clearly visible today through our higher revenues on lower new units, making us less dependent on new unit sales to drive increased levels of performance. As we continue to execute our strategy, this trend should accelerate even faster over the coming years. By utilizing our production systems approach and leveraging the tech stack, we can help our customers do their jobs more profitably and sustainably. That is our purpose. And we are more excited about it each day. 
Joshua Rohleder: Thanks, Josh. Now let's open up the line for questions from our investors. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 
Jerry Revich: Josh, I'm wondering if we could just continue the discussion you just touched on in terms of higher value per unit. So in the past, you folks have been able to outgrow ASPs by 3% to 4% per year beyond price. Do you have a finer point that you can share on what that might look like in '24 and if you could just touch on precision ag take rates and how they're tracking as part of that conversation as well if you don't mind? 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Jerry, appreciate the question. I think we're seeing that continued trend of 3, 4 points on top of the inflationary price as it relates to technology and the appetite we're seeing to continue to drive technology into the machines. As we look forward and start to drive the business model shift, that may change a little bit as we see and build a little more recurring revenue. But I think all-in, we're continuing to see the benefits on the unit economics through what we're doing in technology and the value that we can create for customers. 
Brent Norwood: Yes, Jerry, as it relates to take rates on technology, obviously, we just finished up our sprayer early order program and are near complete on planters. Those are two product lines that have a high degree of technology embedded in those solutions. And for some of those mainstay technology innovations, like ExactEmerge and ExactApply, we continue to see those take rates increase mid-single digits year-over-year. 
 I mean, both of those are really approaching high levels. I think ExactEmerge is around 60% for 2024, ExactApply is a little over 70%. So great progress on those. Other products, like Combine Advisor, have almost just become standard. I think we're at almost 100% take rate there. And the same is true for our premium and automation activation suite for our tractors, which is almost near 100% take rates. 
 So these things are really driving that higher average selling price that Josh talked about. And as we begin to launch some of those next-generation technologies. I think we've got opportunity to supplement the higher average selling prices with some reoccurring revenues as we get into '25, '26 and beyond. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Jerry, maybe one last thing I'd add, too, that bodes well in terms of the direction we're headed is we're seeing growth in engaged acres and we're seeing growth in highly engaged acres. So the interaction we're seeing, the value that we can create with our digital tools and having that all in one place in the John Deere Operations Center for our customers is continuing to drive value. And we're seeing that continue to aid in our business. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jamie Cook with Crdit Suisse. 
Jamie Cook: Congrats on a nice quarter. I guess, my first question, as it relates to -- it sounds like supply chain is getting better, which probably bodes well for 2024. So as you're thinking about supply chain getting better and you're looking at your -- what you're seeing so far in terms of this early order program, can you talk to your approach with inventory next year, both for Deere and both at the dealer level, whether you think you will -- would overproduce retail demand to achieve some more normalized inventory levels? I guess, that's my first question. 
 And then my second question, Josh, again just on the margin performance of the company, can you talk to where you are with regards to reducing the volatility of your margins? Since that there was a downturn coming, how resilient your orders would be? How is it detrimental towards some of the internal initiatives? 
Brent Norwood: Jamie, thanks for the question. I'll start with some comments on supply chain and what that means for our inventory position next year. And Josh can comment on the margin progress. But I think you've been able to see from our results that our factories ran really well in the third quarter. We've got a robust cost agenda still to come in next year. But we're really pleased that the progress we've made on reducing production cost inflation, particularly in the third quarter-to-quarter. 
 If you look at our production cost inflation numbers in Q3, I mean, they came in about half what we had originally anticipated. So that was really good work by our factory teams and our supply management teams. And I think what you're seeing is we're driving a lot of progress in terms of getting delinquencies down to almost pre-COVID levels. We're driving freight costs down. We're still seeing a little bit of pressure on some of the purchase components and labor and energy are up. 
 But things are trending in the right direction. And I think we've got a really robust agenda for next year around further cost reduction in the supply base, further resiliency in the supply base and then just designing out cost for future programs next year. 
 All of that is going to help us manage inventory. As we noted, for large ag inventory, we've been sort of below historic levels and below target levels. We'll end the year relatively low as we sort of work through sort of the fourth quarter retail sales that we would anticipate to happen. 
 That said, our starting position or sort of our default position, if you will, beginning any fiscal year is always to produce in line with the retail sales. And then we'll leave ourselves some optionality to build as we get through the selling season. 
 So once we have a fully formed view on next year after all of our early order programs are done and after we've made some progress on our tractor order book, we'll leave ourselves a little optionality to determine what's the right level of inventory. And obviously, our dealers will help with that input as well. But again, right now, our default position is to produce in line. But we'll -- given the exit position that we'll have, which will be really attractive from an inventory perspective, we'll leave ourselves some optionality for next year. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Jamie, if you think about reducing volatility, I think there's some near-term things that we're working on. Brent mentioned what we're doing as it relates to cost management, continuing to take some of the cost that we've seen through inflation and disruption out of the system. That's an important one. Continuing to drive technology into our machines, driving, as I just mentioned, more value per unit from an economics point perspective will be beneficial. 
 There's a lot of work, great work going on in terms of lifecycle solutions and how we take care of our customers through the life of our products, from first owner down to the fourth and fifth owner. And that activity will help dampen some cyclicality as well. And I think the last one is, maybe a little bit longer term, is we are building the infrastructure to drive solutions as a service for our business in terms of how we shift business model on some of our new technologies. And that's going to help us to deliver more value to customers and importantly to more customers and more acres more quickly. So that's a focus area. 
 Some of those, we're early in the journey. Others, we feel really good about what we're executing on. And I think importantly, structurally, we feel like we're performing from a profitability perspective at a different level. And our expectation is you look at where we're performing today, with volumes as they shift and move up or down, we would move up or down that line based on where we're performing. So we think this is a meaningful structural shift in profitability and one that we're going to keep working on. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Thein with Citigroup. 
Timothy Thein: Maybe just on ag, coming back to the comments on Brazil, if you can just maybe help us frame that up a bit just in terms of you mentioned some of the production cuts you made, where you're, I guess, targeting in the second half of the year. How do you think that -- obviously, again a lot of moving parts in a volatile market. But how do you think you'll end the year from an inventory perspective in Brazil as we go into '24 and obviously the dealer inventories? That's the question. 
Brent Norwood: Yes. As it relates to Brazil, as we noted in our opening comments, it's been a really dynamic year, I think a lot of puts and takes. At this point, the order book is full for the rest of '23. And managing the year has been interesting. We've seen record production for corn soy and near-record production for cotton and sugar, really healthy profitability for customers there, down from 22%. And again, to refer back to our opening comments, probably a little bit less than expected from our customers there as they had lower levels of forward selling this year and I think some difficulty marketing the sizable the crop that they had in 2023. 
 You had a little political uncertainty and the delay in the government-sponsored financing program. And that was all kind of embedded in our reduced industry guide from -- we went from flat to flat to down 5%. And that really reflects, for us, lower production in the fourth quarter. But a great example of kind of how we intend to be proactive in managing a dynamic market in almost real time. Brazil has always operated that way. We've been -- we're more dynamic in terms of our order book, our pricing strategy and how we manage production there. 
 And so the goal is with some of the modest production cuts that we took in the fourth quarter is that we would end the year there with inventory really at target. And so that we would start the year again in that default position of an intent to produce in line with retail sales for 2024. The good news is there, from a combine perspective in particular, I think we're over 90% retail sold. 
 So we should have a pretty good read on where inventory is heading for the end of the year, which should well position us for next year. Longer term though, despite maybe some of the market dynamics of this year, Brazil is still one of our most important growth markets. And it's going to be a market that we're going to continue to invest in for the long term, even while we manage production in the short term. 
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fisher with UBS. 
Steven Fisher: So the year-over-year step-down in pricing in production and precision ag from Q2 was a bit bigger than the kind of headwind you had from tougher comparison in the year before. I guess, were you expecting such a big step-down in pricing? I mean, you didn't change your pricing forecast, so maybe it's really not any surprise. But I'm curious if the environment and what you're seeing in the order activity is still supportive of a 2% to 3% pricing, including incentives? And how is the need for incentives kind of shaping up here? 
Brent Norwood: Steve, as it relates to pricing, I would say that the second quarter came in almost right on the forecast for production and precision ag and construction and forestry. Small ag and turf probably fared just a shade better as they're retaining a little more price than we had in the forecast. But all of this is largely in line with our expectations. Particularly as we lap some of the mid-year price increases that we took in '22, we would expect from a percentage basis to see that price realization come in. 
 For production and precision ag, I think we were 12% in the third quarter. That should be high single digits in the fourth quarter as expected. And importantly though, we're seeing production cost inflation ratchet down at a similar pace. So when you look at the absolute delta between price and cost, for production and precision ag, for example, I think we were about $1.4 billion positive in the first half. Second half should be something not dissimilar to that. So we are maintaining that price/cost discipline, I think, throughout the entire year. 
 Now as it pertains to next year, no change in some of the early pricing that we've put out there, which has been in the sort of 2% to 4% range. And we are certainly managing our incentive spend as well embedded in that. So we would expect overall realization to be within that range, inclusive of whatever discounts begin to get layered back into the market for 2024. 
Operator: Our next question is from Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. 
Kristen Owen: Wanted to ask about the construction margins. You lifted the target once again and really narrowing the gap with your ag businesses that what is arguably a different point in the cycle. Just given some of the comments of normalization in pricing across the portfolio and what you talked about in the prepared remarks for 2024, how we should think about the sustainability of that improved margin performance in the construction segment? 
Brent Norwood: Kristen, as it relates to construction and forestry margins, I would kind of refer back to some of the comments we made in our opening remarks around the structural things that we've been doing in construction and forestry for really the last 4 to 5 years that have really reformed that business into a more sound and solid business that, to your point, has closed some of the gap between large ag over the last couple of years. 
 First and foremost, the most important move we made was the inclusion of a roadbuilding business. That's an end market that we view as high growth, lower volatility and it's a very attractive market to be in. And we acquired the #1 asset in that business via Wirtgen. 
 We're really still early days executing our excavator strategy. The first important step there was the dissolution of the Deere-Hitachi joint venture, which we successfully negotiated last year. And we're on our way to delivering a full line of Deere designed excavators, which I think is really sort of the next phase of the strategy there and how we'll see that business continue to drive further margin performance going forward. 
 And we didn't tout this a lot publicly. But we were very active in portfolio management over the last couple of years, really focusing that portfolio on the products where we're most differentiated and in the markets where we really have a right to play and a right to win. So that's -- we think all of those things are structural and continue on a go-forward basis. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Kristen, one thing I'd add is as we look forward and you think about what -- is there another leg in this journey for C&F, and we believe there is, and it's around technology and how do we integrate technology to help do the jobs that our customers do and do them better and more efficiently, more productively and more sustainably. 
 So we're seeing that with our first suite of automation tools, things like grade control. We see more and more opportunities to leverage technology into construction, into roadbuilding, in particular, that are going to create real value for customers and we think we can differentiate in the marketplace and as we create that value for customers, in turn, get paid as well. So we're excited about the future there. And we see continued opportunities. 
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. 
Robert Wertheimer: And actually, I wanted to follow up on what [ Josh ] was just talking about, where construction pricing, what you've achieved to date, is that largely market-related? Or do you feel like you've had enough technology flow in to sort of support a rising price overall? 
 And maybe as a part of that question, I suppose, definitionally, if you have a tech widget, you target for that balance in volume, I think. But I assume there's just an overall price hit as long as your products deliver more value to customers. So maybe just talk about where you are in technology and... 
Brent Norwood: Yes. Rob, as it relates to -- I'll first start with the comment around pricing and then we can talk about technology more broadly. But as it relates to the pricing that we've achieved, I mean, I think you've seen that broadly in the construction equipment markets. We work hard to lead in price as best we can. We try to be one of the most disciplined industry players as it pertains to price. I think we're still early days in terms of getting higher average selling prices on account of more technology, more innovation in the equipment. 
 So we are starting to see that. I think on specific product lines, we can definitely see that. In terms of the entire portfolio rising, we're still early days there. So I think more headroom for us as we begin to integrate technology. Wirtgen is certainly going to be one of the product lines that benefit the most from a higher average selling price as we include more technology in the coming years. 
Josh Jepsen: Rob, I'd say time line-wise, if you think about this journey we went on, on the large ag side in 2013/'14, when we began, I would say we're probably similar to that time frame, so maybe not quite a decade, but I think behind. But we're in those early days of starting to drive more of that technology in. 
 And the excavator is a good example, where we're just getting started as we design that fully integrated machine, where we're going to see -- in our minds, what we're seeing and what we're hearing from customers that are testing really tremendous technologies and usability. So we're excited about the future there. And we think we're very early days. 
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. 
Stephen Volkmann: I wanted to go back. I think a couple of you have used the words robust cost agenda for next year a couple of times. And I'm just wondering if there's any way for us to think about sizing that. Is this like sort of a big deal, where we could see these sort of production costs in your waterfall chart could actually be positive next year? Or is this kind of continuous improvement a better way to think about that? 
Brent Norwood: Steve, it's a great question. We've seen over the last couple of years, billions of dollars of cost inflation flow into our operations. Some of that is coming from systemic inflation. A portion of that though is coming from just, I would call it, COVID disruption cost, inefficiency cost, also associated with our deferred ratification of our UAW contract in '22. All of those things caused overheads to run higher than they normally do. So we're bringing a lot of those back in 2023. I think there's more room to run certainly in 2024. I would not probably characterize it as just a normal continuous improvement program here at Deere because we do have line of sight to specific costs that we want to take out. 
 Particularly, as some commodity prices have come down, it's really easy to capture that in our raw material spend. And we did see a tailwind in raw mats in the third quarter. But for a lot of our purchase components that have those raw materials embedded in their purchase price, there's an opportunity to go back and actively renegotiate. So we're very proactive there on executing the strategy. And we do have a formalized process in place to take further action in 2024. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Steve, the only thing I'd add on top of that is just coming through the last 3 years, which have been far from usual operating procedures in terms of pandemic, supply chain disruptions, et cetera, is continuing to root out that disruption cost that had come in and made its way in on top of we were seeing strong demand. So I think there's going to be work done certainly and I think ongoing, getting back to a cadence that we would expect in terms of continuing to take cost out and drive efficiency in the operations. So we're -- we think there's more room to go here for sure. 
Operator: Now our next question is from David Raso with Evercore. 
David Raso: The comment earlier about the construction -- the demand backdrop, right, you were saying the 6-month rolling order book extends into the second quarter of '24. Can you give us a sense of that order book? Are your orders up year-over-year? Is that implying growth in construction and forestry through the second quarter? Is that what that comment meant? And any help on the pricing within that order book would be great. 
 And then a quick question on large ag, maybe I'm misreading it. But for the fourth quarter for large ag, I know go back to normal seasonal times, the fourth quarter does have a pretty weak sequential margin. But large ag, you have profit sequentially down almost as much as revenues are implied down. I'm just making sure I understand, are there any unique costs or you mentioned Brazil, negative mix, just something on why the profits would fall almost as much as the revenues are going to fall sequentially? 
Brent Norwood: Yes. David, let me start with the first -- the last part of that question on the ag side and then I'll let Josh comment on construction and forestry. If you think about the fourth quarter, we'll see revenues flattish to maybe down a little bit in ag. The big driver there -- and then to your point, margins will come in a shade from where they were in the third quarter. The big driver there is we are seeing a return to again this normal seasonality, which does mean that we will institute normal factory shutdowns, particularly at Harvester Works, which historically we've done factory shutdowns in the month of September and/or October. And so I think what you're going to see is the impact of shutting that down. We haven't done that the last couple of years as we've been running behind on delivering machines to customers in late in '21 and then all the way really through 2022. So that's really the big impact that we're going to see happen in the fourth quarter.
  I think that the other thing I would note specific to the fourth quarter, and this would actually be true for all three divisions, we'll see a heavier R&D spend in the fourth quarter. That's a timing thing. Our fourth quarter does tend to be a little heavy most years from an R&D perspective. That is certainly going to be true this year as well. And then the other thing I would add on the fourth quarter is you'll see a little less Brazil mix as well in the fourth quarter. So kind of all three of those things will conspire together to bring down margins just a shade in the fourth quarter when you compare them to third quarter results. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. As it relates to C&F and if you look at the order book, I mean, I would say, comparing year-over-year is a little bit difficult because we were constrained last year, so probably not a good way to compare just total order activity. But what I would say is on the order book that we have, we're looking at similar production rates, '23 to '24, so not a significant change there and realistically, obviously, less disruption expected as well in '24 than we saw in '23. 
Operator: Our next question is from Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. 
Tami Zakaria: So I wanted to step away from the quarterly trend and ask you about your new battery plant. I think you do speak to a new battery manufacturing location. Can you tell us a bit more on that, when it will be operating at run rate, what volume you expect that run rate, what products you expect it to feed in to, any impacts on margins or potential cost savings? So any thoughts on this initiative? 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, certainly, Tami. Thanks for the question. So this stems from the acquisition we made a little over a year ago with Kreisel Electric. So this is really the next step as we continue that evolution to build manufacturing capacity for batteries and charging, which was announced here earlier this week in North Carolina. 
 I would say stepping back and looking at this, as we -- this is a strategic investment in growing our production capacity, aimed to being the leader, particularly in off-highway. As off-highway is evolving, we're prioritizing development of robust charging technology in addition to a battery portfolio that can support the long-term adoption of electrification in our products. 
 So time line, we're probably a year or so out in terms of this facility up and running. We're producing them in Europe today at a relatively small scale. But we see the opportunity with the technology we have to really drive charging here in the near term. And we've developed a relatively robust pipeline or portfolio plan for Deere products that will begin to incorporate the Kreisel batteries here as we go forward, starting probably below 125-horsepower. And then we'll continue to evolve that portfolio as we go forward. And you'll see hybrid technologies and the like. 
Operator: Our next question, from Chad Dillard with Bernstein. 
Charles Albert Dillard: So I want to spend some time on the average age of the fleet. Can you just talk about where we will be ending the year versus normal? And I recall you're talking about how there are, I guess, 5 different owners within the fleet. I think where is the bulge in age in terms of the fleet? 
 And then just the last question is if the higher average age structural? Why or why not? 
Brent Norwood: As it relates to the average age of the fleet, I think what you're seeing is the impact of this replacement cycle really having a sort of delayed or deferred start, right? If you think about when demand really inflected, it was at the beginning of 2021. And you really had 3 factors conspiring to slow down the production really for -- not just for Deere but the industry at large, right? We had -- the industry was suffering from labor shortages, supply chain delinquencies, delays as well as significant inflation affecting production. 
 So in the last 3 years, demand has outpaced supply. And what that's done is it has really slowed the ability of the industry to bring down the age of the fleet. If I look at four-wheel drives and 220-plus horsepower tractors, those -- we continue to age out most years since really 2013. We've started to sort of flatten the curve a little bit. I wouldn't say we brought down the age significantly or even at all for either one of those, and we're still probably a couple of years older than historic averages. 
 Combines is one where the last -- this last year, we were probably -- the industry was able to make a little bit of progress bringing down the age of that fleet a little bit. We'll make further progress in '24. But we'll still be just above kind of historic averages there. So I think it's going to take a little more time on tractors, just given some of the challenges that we've had, I think particularly for four-wheel drives, which you guys can see this in the AEM data. We just haven't seen -- it's been one of the more constrained product lines from an industry perspective, kind of similar to sprayers, where we're just going to take maybe a little more time to bring down the age of the fleet. 
 If you ask kind of where is the bulge, so to speak, in the age of the fleet, I mean, it's really -- if you go back to the vintages of machines that were kind of 2010 to 2014, that's still a big part of the installed base. And those are the ones that are really aging out on us at a faster rate than the industry has been able to replace it in the last couple of years. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, maybe one thing I'd add just on top of that is I think the important piece, too, is we are continuing to see demand for technology across the trade ladder in our equipment. We were just speaking with a dealer principal a couple of weeks ago. And he was talking about this very fact. It's not just demand for the latest technology by the first owner, but it's the second, third, fourth, the fifth. 
 And I think when we think about the age of the fleet and the health of those -- the trade ladder, that is a big, big driver because there's a desire to upgrade technology no matter where the customer may be in that chain. So I think that's an important piece that underlies not only age but the demand. 
Operator: So our last question now is from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Seth Weber: I guess, I wanted to ask about the small ag business. Margin was a lot better than what we were expecting. I think I heard you say something about Europe. I'm just wondering, is that -- are those structural changes that we should think about as being in place going forward? And then just your comment about small ag inventory kind of coming off the peak, do you think that we're past the challenges there and things are going to start getting better or just less bad going forward? 
Brent Norwood: Seth, thanks for the question. As it relates to small ag and turf, it's certainly a structurally sounder business today than we went back to prior cycles. As you think about -- and I'll talk a little bit more about some of the margin puts and takes there. Let me answer your question on inventory first, though. As it relates to inventory for small ag and turf, I know there's been a lot of focus on what I would call the small end of small ag and turf, so like the under 40-horsepower category of compact utility tractors. 
 I think we've seen the industry level out, even come down a little bit here recently. So it does appear that maybe we're kind of past that elevated -- or we're in the early stages of getting past those elevated inventory levels on the compact utility tractor side. But the bulk of that business really revolves around mid-sized tractors that are going into dairy and livestock operations, hay and forage operations or high-value crops. 
 And I think we're probably closer to target level inventory there. So we don't see quite the abundance of inventory for those categories of machines. And so we're also going to see just some seasonality impact just as it relates to the rest of the year from a margin perspective. We'll do a factory shutdown in Monheim, which is our single-source location for those 6 Series tractors, those mid-series tractors that makes up a significant portion of the small ag and turf revenue and margin for that matter. 
 Going forward though from a margin perspective, I think what you'll see, particularly on those mid-sized tractors is higher levels of technology that is going to be leveraged from production and precision ag. I would say if you went back to prior years, you wouldn't see a lot of technology that gets leveraged from production and precision ag into small ag and turf. 
 But you're going to see more of that as our customers, particularly in like high-value crop production systems, they're demanding solutions like autonomy and electrification. And so that's going to be an opportunity to, I think, further buttress the margin profile that we've achieved this year and extend that into years to come. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Seth, one last thing I would add is just the deep geographic diversity of small ag and turf. So it's much broader in terms of global coverage. And we're seeing performance really strong across the globe. And to Brent's point on driving technology, we're seeing technology be driven into utility tractors in India, leveraging telematics and bringing connectivity to the farm there. So there's a lot of activity that we see that is going to both create customer value and also drive a different business in small ag and turf than you've seen in the past. 
Brent Norwood: That concludes today's call. We appreciate everyone's time, and thank you for joining us today. 
Operator: This conference has concluded. Again, thank you for your participation. You may please disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-05-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Brent Norwood, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin.
Brent Norwood: Hello. Also on the call, today are Josh Jepsen, Chief Financial Officer; Dave Gilmore, Senior Vice-President, Ag and Turf Sales and Marketing; Kanlaya Barr, Director of Corporate Economics; and Rachel Bach, Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal year 2023. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning, they can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants on the call, including the Q&A session agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are - subject to uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances, and other factors that are difficult to predict. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K, risk factors in the annual Form 10-K, as updated by reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I will now turn the call over to Rachel Bach.
Rachel Bach: Good morning, and thanks everyone for joining us today. John Deere completed the second quarter with strong performance. Financial results for the quarter included 24% margin for equipment operations. Across our businesses, outperformance was driven by strong demand, favorable pricing, and operational execution enabled by supply-chain improvements. Ag fundamentals remain healthy, providing a strong second half of fiscal year 2023, and support and order backlog that extends throughout the fiscal year. Likewise, the Construction and Forestry continues to benefit from healthy demand with order books virtually full for the remainder of the fiscal year. Slide 3 begins with the results for the second quarter. Net sales and revenues were up 30% to $17.387 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were up 34% to $16.079 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $2.86 billion or $9.65 per diluted share. Taking a closer look at the individual segments, we begin with the production and precision ag business on Slide 4. Net sales of $7.822 billion were up 53% compared to the second quarter last year and in fact more than our own forecast, primarily due to increased shipment volumes and price realization. Price realization was positive by about 20 points. We expect price realization to normalize as inflation continues to subside. Currency translation was negative by approximately three points. Operating profit was $2.17 billion, resulting in a 27.7% operating margin. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to favorable price realization and improved shipment volume. These were partially offset by increased R&D and SA&G spending, higher production costs, and unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Prior year results were negatively impacted by an impairment of $46 million related to events in Russia and Ukraine. Moving to small ag and turf on Slide 5. Net sales were up 16%, totaling $4.145 billion in the second quarter, as a result of price realization and higher shipment volumes, partially offset by negative currency translation. Price realization was positive by just over 12 points, while currency was negative by roughly two points. Operating profit was improved year-over-year at $849 million, resulting in a 20.5% operating margin. The increased profit was primarily due to price realization and to a lesser extent higher shipment volumes and mix, which were partially offset by higher production costs, R&D and SA&G, and negative currency translation. Slide 6 covers our industry outlook for ag and turf markets globally. We expect industry sales of large ag equipment in U.S. and Canada to be up approximately 10%, reflecting another year of strong demand. We've seen continued industry themes since last quarter with strong ag fundamentals, a historically high fleet age, and low field inventory from prior year's supply constraints. We expect elevated demand to continue for the back half of the year as evidenced by an order bank that extends into fiscal year '24. For small ag and turf, we estimate industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down around 5% as strength for mid-sized equipment is offset by weakness in more consumer-oriented products. Demand for compact tractors has declined year-over-year, resulting in inventory levels rising to pre-COVID levels. Meanwhile, Hay and Forge segment remained strong, driving demand for products like our 100 to 180 horsepower tractors, windrowers, and ground bailers. Moving on to Europe, the industry is forecasted to be flat to up 5%. Commodity prices have softened from near-all-time highs in recent months, but farm input prices are coming down as well. As a result, arable cash-flow is normalizing from recent peaks but still above-average and continuing to drive demand for the rest of the year. In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to be flat holding strong relative to historical levels. Ag fundamentals remain solid in Brazil, but markets are tempered by delays in government - sponsored financing programs for small ag producers. Meanwhile, Argentina continues to grapple with the historic drought, which has significantly pressured yields for the year. Industry sales in Asia are forecasted to be down moderately now digging into the segment forecast beginning on Slide 7. For production and precision ag net sales continue to be forecasted up around 20% for the full-year. The forecast assumes about 15 points of positive price realization for the full year and minimal currency impact. As noted last quarter, we expect price realization to moderate in the latter half of the fiscal year relative to our reported first six-month. For the segments, operating margin, our full year forecast is now between 25% and 26%. Slide 8 shows our forecast for the small ag and turf segment. We now expect net sales to be up around 5% in fiscal year '23. This guidance includes about nine points of positive price realization and just over 0.5 point of currency headwind. The segment's operating margin is now projected to be between 13.5% and 16.5%. With that, we'll turn to Construction and Forestry on Slide 9, net sales for the quarter were $4.112 billion, up 23%, primarily due to price realization and improved shipment volumes. Price realization was positive by nearly 13 points while currency translation was negative by approximately 1.5 point. Operating profit increased year-over-year to $838 million resulting, a 20.4% operating margin due to price realization and higher shipment volumes and mix, partially offset by higher production costs and increased SA&G and R&D expenses. When comparing to last year, keep in mind the prior-period results included a non-repeating net benefit of $279 million, mostly driven by a gain on the previously held equity investment in the Deere-Hitachi joint venture. Slide 10 shows our 2023 Construction and Forestry industry outlook. Industry sales of earthmoving and compact construction equipment in North America are both projected to remain flat to up 5%. End-markets for earthmoving and compact equipment remained relatively stable. While the commercial real-estate and office segments weekend, the oil and gas sector is leveling and housing starts appear to have bottomed. Headwinds from year-over-year declines in residential and commercial have been more than offset by strong U.S. infrastructure spending and rental inventory restocking. Importantly, dealer inventory remains below historical averages. In forestry, we estimate the global industry will be flat as the U.S. and Canada markets continued to soften, while Europe continues to grow. Global road building markets are forecast to be flat. North America remains the strongest market compensating for sluggish fundamentals in Europe as well as parts of Asia. Moving on to the C&F segment outlook in Slide 11, Deere's Construction and Forestry 2023 net sales are now forecasted to be up around 15%. Our net sales guidance for the year considers about 10 points of positive price realization. Operating margin is now expected to be in the range of 18% to 19%. Next we'll shift to our financial services operations on Slide 12. Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the second quarter was $28 million. The decrease was due to less favorable financing spreads and a higher provision for credit losses, partially offset by income earned on a higher average portfolio. Additionally, during the quarter, there was a $135 million after tax correction of the accounting treatment and timing of expense recognition for financing incentives offered to John Deere dealers. The accounting correction is unrelated to the current market conditions or the credit quality of the financial services portfolio, which remains strong. For fiscal year 2023, our outlook is now $630 million, reflecting the less favorable financing spreads, the correction of the accounting treatment for financing incentives. A higher provision for credit losses increased SA&G expenses and lower gains on operating lease dispositions, partially offset by the benefits from a higher average portfolio balance. Turning to Slide 13, credit quality remains well above historical averages with minimal allowances past dues and write-offs as a percentage of the portfolio, provisions for credit, losses excluding the portfolio in Russia is forecast to be at 17 basis points for fiscal '23 and remains below long-term averages. Meanwhile, write-offs, past dues and non-performing loans all remain stable reflecting strong credit quality within our portfolio. And lastly, on Slide 14, we've outlined our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year 2023, we are again raising our outlook for net income to be between $9.25 billion and $9.5 billion, reflecting the strong results for the second quarter and continued optimism for the remainder of the year. Next, our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate between 23% and 25%. Lastly, our cash flow from equipment operations is now projected to be in the range of $10 billion to $10.5 billion. That concludes our formal comments. We will now shift to a discussion of a few specific topics relevant to this quarter, before we open the line for Q&A. Let's start with Deere's performance this quarter Brent, we saw production and precision ag net revenue up 53% year-over-year, and operating margins expanded seven points. Small ag and turf up 16% on revenue was six points of additional operating margin and C&F was 23% top-line growth, accompanied by 4% operating margin expansion excluding the non-recurring items what were the primary drivers of the strong quarter?
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Rachel. I would start by saying the performance came in ahead of our own internal expectations due to two primary drivers. From a top-line perspective, our factories had their best quarter of execution since the beginning of COVID. Supply-chain improvements enabled our factories to hit their line rates and deliver machines at a faster pace. As a result, we were able to pull ahead some of the year's production into the second quarter, which will take some pressure off the back half, so we'd expect revenue to be down sequentially - by a bit over 10% in the third quarter. With factories running more smoothly, we experienced fewer production inefficiencies, in fact - the second quarter saw the lowest level of production cost inflation since 1Q, 2021. Fewer factory disruptions due to labor and supply-chain challenges enabled us to achieve better overhead efficiency and incur lower premium freight costs. Furthermore, production costs benefited from better raw material compares relative to last year.
Rachel Bach: That's helpful perspective on the benefits of the improving supply chain in our factories. As we pull production forward, how does that shape the back half of the year? Will the supply chain allow for increased production in the second half?
Brent Norwood: Supply-chain improvements have enabled our suppliers to deliver towards their volume commitments and improve their on-time deliveries. That said, there are still enough constraints in the supply base that will limit higher levels of production later in the year. Our safety stocks for critical components are still low and our margin of error is relatively thin. Given the existing constraints, we expect to execute to schedule, but don't foresee adding a lot more production to the back half of the year. Furthermore, we are also laser-focused on managing field inventory, as we think about exiting fiscal year 2023. The real benefit of the pull ahead is the return to more seasonal production schedules that are closer to our customer's seasonal use of our products.
Rachel Bach: Great, thanks, Brent. My next question is for Kanlaya. There are a lot of variables impacting farmer fundamentals this season. Farm net income will be at a second all-time high, albeit down from last year's record, commodity prices remain volatile while input prices are coming down. Meanwhile, stock-to-use remain tight and two of the four largest export markets for corn remain severely constrained. How are these factors impacting farmers right now?
Kanlaya Barr: Well, thanks for the question, Rachel. There are many factors that are at play here and there's still a lot of uncertainties, especially as we are in the midst of the growing season, and in the end, it all come down to profitability. On the revenue side, although commodity prices are volatile, grain stocks continue to be tight. Bumper crops in Russia, Australia, and Brazil are not enough to offset the combined effect of this year's severe losses in Argentina and Ukraine. Assume a trend yield stock-to-use will remain below the 10-year average. The USDA forecast corn and soybean prices to be the third highest in the past decade and wheat, the second highest. Furthermore, crop insurance reference price will provide a safety net for farmers as well. Now looking on at the cost side, input costs have come down quite a bit. Not all farmers will be able to realize those savings this year, but that could be a tailwind for the next crop. And in the end, we are looking at a lower cost provision [ph] this year. Now putting all of these together, we are coming off a really great year last year, income is going to moderate, but we are still looking at farmer's margin that are going to be above the 10-year average.
Rachel Bach: And how about elevated interest rates globally? How are farmers contending with this increase in costs over last year?
Kanlaya Barr: Interest-rate expense is only about 6% to 7% of total ag production expenses, but a little over half of that is tied to mortgages, which are mostly fixed at lower rate. The portion that tied to operating loans that tends to be more variable is about 3% and that number is even smaller for row-crop producers, their interest rate expend is less than 1% of their overall - operating expenses. So this is nothing, but the impact of higher interest rate is much smaller than the tailwinds from lower input costs and fuel costs. With that said, rising interest rates have - also had an impact on real estate, while the housing market have been significantly affected by the elevated interest rate, the farmland market have been relatively immune, and farmland values continue to hold up through Q2 of this year.
Dave Gilmore: And Rachel, just to add some context from some comments that came from the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, earlier this spring. When you put interest rates in perspective relative to history, roughly $0.12 of every dollar of a Midwest U.S. farm earnings is going to interest cost today versus the long-term average of $0.15. As a result, customers are managing this expense very well. Also as the Fed reported, the marginal increase in interest costs on operating loans is the financial equivalent of an additional 2.5 bushels of yield for corn. That's why a major component of our smart industrial strategy is focused on helping our customers better manage volatile periods by delivering products, and solutions that minimize costs and increased yields. Our goal is to deliver products, and solutions that offset and improve the variable cost structure of our farmers.
Rachel Bach: Thanks, Dave. That really helps paint the picture. Kanlaya, what other tailwinds or headwinds should we think about over the next few years?
Kanlaya Barr: Well, that's great question, Rachel. The volatility and uncertainties will continue to be with us for quite some time. However, we expect a tailwind from growing population and increased income to continue. In addition, bio-fuels will play an increasingly important part in the sustainability journey by providing these alternatives to the transportation segment, including heavy-duty or off-highway vehicles, long-haul aviation, and marine term. And finally, think about technological improvement in farm equipment, which will continue to drive productivities, reduce cost and provide more economic headroom, so overall, still a large number of positive tailwinds to consider.
Josh Jepsen: One other obvious thing to add here is, while we can't control the macro volatility, we can focus proactively on monitoring and staying ahead of shifts in trends to ensure we're helping farmers be more effective and efficient in and out of the field, regardless of the end-market environment.
Rachel Bach: Thanks, Josh and Kanlaya. Let's dig a little deeper on the global issues you mentioned and focus specifically on the Brazilian market. Dave, Brazil has been one of the strongest markets in the industry over the last three years what's been driving that?
Dave Gilmore: Well, as you correctly said, Rachel, Brazil certainly has been a great market for us both in terms of growth and profitability. It's one of the few geographies in the world, adding production area each year. It's also a market that's rapidly adding efficiencies migrating to higher horsepower and just beginning to adopt precision ag technology, which plays to our strengths. The last few years have seen records both in terms of agricultural yields, but also farmer profitability. The combination of record ag production, favorable currency and growing exports has generated excellent profitability for our customers and, in-turn, has driven significant demand for our equipment over the last few years.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, this is Josh, one thing I'd add to Dave's comments at the onset of our smart industrial strategy, we set a goal to achieve North American like margins or better in Latin America. And so-far, we've achieved that, making the region, very important to the overall financial profile of the company.
Rachel Bach: I guess that leads right into my follow-up question, Dave, how our current market conditions, trending. Can you give us an update post the Agrishow earlier this month?
Dave Gilmore: Absolutely Rachel, I was just down in Brazil for Agrishow, which is the largest customer farm show in Latin America. The event produced record attendance and sales highlighting customer optimism going forward. That said, sales for small ag equipment have been running behind pace this year, leading to increased field inventory. The government-sponsored financing plan typically gets announced at Agrishow, but it's been postponed for the time-being, which has caused some delay in purchases, especially for small and medium producers who are most rely on the government-sponsored financing for equipment purchases. Large producers on the other hand, tend to be less reliant on government-sponsored financing instead utilizing cash, private credit lines or John Deere Financial. The delayed harvest plan has had limited impact for large ag customers. More pressing for large producers right now is exporting the record crop that they grew this year in a timely manner, given the lack of storage for Brazilian grains. However, demand for large equipment remains stable, though we are monitoring retail activity closely for the back-half of the year. I would note that we do expect to see higher-end season inventory this year, further reflecting a return to normalcy for the market.
Rachel Bach: I appreciate the additional insight into a pivotal market, everyone is watching very closely right now. I'd like to transition briefly to John Deere Financial and discuss two topics, first, it's been an eventful quarter for many of our nation's regional banks. Josh, can you give us an update on how John Deere Financial is faring in this environment?
Josh Jepsen: Of course, Rachel we're closely monitoring all the challenges in the banking sector, as the market has contended with rising rates over the last year. Fortunately, John Deere Financial remains in excellent condition. There's been no change in our ability to fund the portfolio and the credit quality has been outstanding. As we discussed previously, our forecast this year implies past dues, nonperforming loans and write-offs are stable and remain below long-term averages for our lease portfolio return rates are near-zero and recovery rates are as strong as they've ever been. Our customers have had three very strong years financially, including 2023, so we feel like - we're very well-positioned here.
Rachel Bach: That's good to hear, and the second question on John Deere Financial, we saw net income affected by $135 million after tax. Correction of accounting treatment, can you explain what that was related to and what impact that might have if any, on future profitability?
Josh Jepsen: Sure thanks. It relates to the accounting treatment of dealer loyalty incentive program. Effectively, we've made an accounting correction on the timing of expense recognition moving from - when incentives are redeemed to when they're earned much in line with our methods for our equipment operation's incentives. Due to the coincidental timing of broader market concerns, I just want to make it abundantly clear that this is a one-time non-cash accounting correction, it is unrelated to the credit quality or performance of GDS portfolio.
Rachel Bach: Perfect, thanks for the clarification, Josh. The next question is related to inventory. The recent AEM data shows a year-over-year increase in large ag inventory for products like combines and four-wheel drive tractors. Dave, can you explain what's going on with the new field inventory at the moment?
Dave Gilmore: The large ag inventory build seen recently is due to the return to normal seasonality in our production schedules. Keep in mind that year-over-year comparisons aren't as relevant, because of the challenges we faced in the first half of 2022 from the labor disruption to supply-chain obstacles. These challenges caused us to run at low and unhealthy levels during all of 2022, making the year-over-year increase appear somewhat inflated. Compared to historic averages, however, we are still well below seasonally-adjusted target levels with inventory to sales ratios for 220-plus and four-wheel drive tractors in the teens as of the end of April. Pre-COVID both products would have been at least 10 points higher in the second quarter on an inventory to sales ratio basis. Meanwhile, our combined inventory to sales ratio currently sits at 23%, as we were able to pull some of our production ahead into the second quarter. At this time, we expect the second quarter to be the highest production for combines this year. Combine inventory seasonally peaks during the quarter of highest production with historic average IS ratios greater than where we are currently. There are a lot of benefits to returning to normal seasonality, one of which is it contributes to a healthier pace of used trades for our dealers and customers. These were delayed last year, due to heavy fourth quarter deliveries. Last year, customers were reluctant to allow a dealer to remarket their used trade, before the new machine arrived. Being on a more seasonal pace facilitates better-used trade planning prior to the harvest season. So, we've seen used inventories increase seasonally, keeping up with elevated production of new equipment, which is good for both dealers and customers. The most important takeaway is that by the end of the year, large ag inventory to sales will be lower than both historic and target levels.
Rachel Bach: Thanks, Dave. And one final question, Brent. How would you characterize the market environment for farm equipment as we progress through the back half of the year and into 2024?
Brent Norwood: It's a great question, Rachel. But first, I think it's best to start with some context on how we got to this point. The current replacement cycle began in 2021 after a six-year period of historic underinvestment in ag equipment. And since 2021, the entire industry has been severely constrained by labor and the supply base, which kept production volumes relatively modest when compared to prior replacement periods. Inventory for new and used equipment remains, below target levels and the fleet has continued to age out for tractors, even if it's down a bit for combines. While it's been difficult working through all the challenges in the post-COVID era, these constraints created an unintended benefit of dampening the amplitude of the equipment cycle for the time being. To quantify that, we are producing roughly 20% to 25% less than the average production volumes of prior replacement periods. As we look ahead to the rest of 2023, we see robust demand with our order books providing excellent visibility through the end of the year. Furthermore, we expect the ending inventories in 2023 to be below target levels, making for a very good starting position entering 2024. With regards to next year, we'll begin to gain more visibility soon with our early order programs and order books continuing through the summer and fall seasons. As evidence of continued healthy demand levels, we opened Phase One of our Sprayer Early Order Program in May and are already sold out of our Phase One allocation. Furthermore, our Sprayer Early Order Program included pricing in line with historic averages, pointing to a reversion to normalcy for the industry. Overall, the environment continues to be healthy and supportive of a business cycle with a, dampened amplitude.
Rachel Bach: Thanks for the commentary and insight, Brent. And before we open the line for other questions, Josh, any final thoughts?
Josh Jepsen: Sure, we've had a very strong first half of 2023, this is a testament to the extraordinary efforts of the entire John Deere team, everyone from our employees to dealers and suppliers have remained committed, to providing customers with the best experience possible. As we move into the second half of the year, we are encouraged by strong visibility through the remainder of the year. Additionally, while we are seeing improvement in the supply chain, which is helping us to deliver products and solutions for our customers, the situation remains fragile. Overall, fleet dynamics such as inventory and fleet age and unbalanced positive fundamentals put us in a good position to continue to deliver customer value in 2023 and beyond. Although it's too early to have a firm view on '24, the fundamentals, give us confidence as we move into our early order program selling season. Importantly, we will continue to invest for the long-term to unlock value for customers and as we do this, we remain dedicated to drive further structural profitability for Deere as evidenced across all our segments the last couple of years. This will include new ways to add value and create more resilient, sustainable businesses for our customers and Deere.
Rachel Bach: Thanks, Josh. Now, let's open the line for questions from our investors. Brent.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First question Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. You may go ahead.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning and congrats on a nice quarter. I guess first, with regards to Precision and production ag, your sales guide hasn't changed - with North America large industry better and pricing up a bit. I understand there's a pull forward, get higher production than you thought. But to what degree do you want to -- if supply chain improves, do you want to beat your forecast or to some degree, do you want to match the cycle, which bodes well for 2024? And then I just guess my second question on the margin performance of the company. Obviously, it's been fantastic. How much of this do you think is sort of structural versus your margins are over earning just related to the pricing with inflation and supply chain and freight benefits starting to come in? Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Hi, good morning Jamie, thanks for the question. I'll start first on production levels. If you look at all segments, roughly, we'll see kind of similar revenue first half to second half. But for all of the segments, second quarter would be the quarter of highest production for PPA, C&F and SAT. So as a result, you're going to see a sequential decline anywhere from 10% to 15% in revenue as we go into the third quarter. And I think quarters three and four will be sort of roughly equal in production levels, and that's true, broadly speaking, for most of our segments. And the reason and the rationale behind that is really to make sure that we are managing end of year inventory levels really, really well. We're here at the midpoint of the year, we want to make sure that as we exit '23, we set ourself for a really good start. So that's a little bit of color on sort of the production schedules. And then again, the other thing I would note there, Jamie, is this is really healthy to return to more seasonal patterns in production and to make sure that our schedules match the - our customers sort of seasonal use of our products. So, we were really pleased to be able to execute well in the second quarter. Now with respect to structural profitability, I think there's, a couple of things at play. First, I would say Deere has been on this journey of structural profitability improvement really for the last four years. The center piece of that has been our investment in technology, right? And over the years, we've been able to add new solutions, new technologies to our equipment. And all of those have come at margin accretive levels. So, we are benefiting from that today in a very structural way, irrespective of where volumes are. That will continue to drive structural improvement for us. I think in addition to that, with the launch of the smart industrial strategy in 2020, you saw us drive portfolio improvements. We consolidated all of our tech spend under our CTO organization. And there's still a lot to come, right? We're not done there yet. I think in the areas of life cycle solutions, precision upgrades, solutions as a service, you're going to see continued effort on our part to better - to improve further our structural profitability. That said, based on the volumes that we're at today, we are achieving margins and a return on assets commensurate with what we think we should be achieving given the structural profitability of the company at the moment.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Jamie, it's Josh. One thing I'd add. This - as Brent mentioned, I think given where we're at in the replacement cycle, we feel like we're performing in line with where we should be. I think importantly, we are seeing significant structural improvements in our businesses across the board. And maybe to highlight one example would be what we've seen in C&F. So, we have strategically and maybe a bit methodically over the last few years, been executing on a strategy that is delivering the performance you see today. So that is adding with the acquisition of Wirtgen, exposure to road building. It is dissolving our joint venture on excavators to control and own our destiny there in a critical machine form that we have. On top of that, we have managed the portfolio in terms of exiting certain markets while extending our product portfolio in large production class equipment and on the small end on compact construction. And we've done things like extending distribution on compact construction, which probably doesn't get a lot of fanfare, but extending distribution into our ag channel which has been tremendously helpful for that business. And that's driven the performance to where we are today. I think as we look forward, Construction and Forestry will benefit from technology and the ability to bring precision technology to our customers to make them more profitable and more productive. I think, we'll see that across our other businesses. So that's an example of one business. I think those similar things will carry through to other businesses as well. So and on top of that, we will continue to manage costs as we have before thinking about inflationary pressures, how do we route those out and continue to move forward to drive structural profitability for the company. Thank you.
Jamie Cook: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Tim Thein with Citigroup. You may go ahead.
Tim Thein: Yes thanks. Just to come back on large ag. In terms of the back half and especially the fourth quarter, have your own expectations regarding channel inventory changed from last quarter. It's hard to exactly parse out in terms of, again, this pull forward, but I guess your exit rate in terms of where you expect to exit the year from a channel inventory perspective, again, just relative to the last time we spoke?
Brent Norwood: Yes. With respect to ending inventory, our forecast for the end of the year actually hasn't changed since our last guidance in the first quarter. I think the only thing that's changed is, again, because of the pull ahead in production in the second quarter. We've seen channel inventories come up a little bit faster than expected. That's a real benefit to our dealers. It's giving them more time to deliver machines to our customers, more time to facilitate used trade-ins. So those are all really positive. And what I'd say is the pull ahead in the second quarter hasn't changed at all our view on end of year. And maybe I'll turn things over to Dave Gilmore, who's our Head of Sales and Marketing, and if he had some further commentary on that.
DaveGilmore: Yes. Thanks, Brent. You said it. The large ag inventory build seen recently is really due to a return to normal seasonality. And one thing that should be noted relative to the field inventory that's in place right now, a high percentage of that new inventory that's in the field today and reports is retail sold to a customer and a simply pending delivery of that equipment to the retail customer. So, we're returning to normal and seasonality, and that's a very good thing for the industry, and it doesn't change our expectation to meet historically low target levels of inventory at the end of the year. Thanks Tim
Operator: Thank you. And our next caller is Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Great thanks. Just to maybe follow-up on that inventory question again. I appreciate that it sounds like it's just a return to normal seasonality. And a bit of a pull forward. But also, Brent, I think out of the commentary that you're laser focused on inventories. So I guess, what are the things that you're going to be looking for over the next few months to tell you whether you should still be building channel inventory on large ag or just producing in line with retail? And then do your kind of spray or early orders imply a higher, lower or flat production.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Steve, in terms of the inventory management, the way that our order fulfillment process works, we'll get great visibility into next year as we progress through the summer and fall months. And then as we begin to dimensional eyes of you on 2024, we'll have an idea of sort of where ending production rates need to be. I think as of right now, the idea is to maintain discipline until some of those data points come in. The EOP the results that, we saw for Phase One of our sprayer program was really encouraging. It's hard to do a year-over-year compare. Last year, we only ran one phase. This year, we are running two and the first phase had a ceiling, and it was allocated we fully met that in a relatively short period of time. So we were pleased with the velocity of that order book. But I would say it's difficult to extrapolate one phase for one product broadly to the rest of the portfolio. What I would say is, as we think about 2024, we do see a return to normalcy for certain dynamics, particularly the supply and demand dynamics of farm equipment should be a little bit more in balance in '24 than what it's been over the last three years. Quite frankly, that's a healthy dynamic that we want to see return to the market in 2024 and our view on sort of ending production rates and inventories may change a little bit as we further discern data from our order books and EOPs, but we'll wait for that information to come in before we further refine any view of next year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Steve, it's Josh. Maybe I give you a couple of examples of where we've been monitoring and taking actions. If you look at small tractors in North America, compact Chile tractors where you see the industry come off from a retail perspective, obviously, more exposed there to interest rates and the macro environment, we are - we've seen inventory rise, and we will cut production and they have cut and we'll produce below retail in the back half of the year to try to manage that inventory. Similar to the comments Dave made in Brazil on small tractors, 5,000, 6, 000 Series tractors in Brazil, where you've seen some slowness in the retail environment, because of the lack of financing, we are dialing that back as well. So, I think in a number of places, we will continue to monitor and execute accordingly to manage field inventories. Thanks, Steve.
Steven Fisher: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Matt Elkott with TD Cowen. You may go ahead sir.
Matt Elkott: Good morning, thank you. Would love to hear your thoughts - any thoughts you might have on the emerging El Nino event because the last one has some overlap with the equipment down cycle of the mid- to late teens? I know there were very important reasons for that down cycle like coming off the ethanol expansion as well as trade tariffs, but good El Nino and warmer temperatures pose a challenge in the next few years. On the flip side, as precision technology continues to advance, can adoption actually benefit from external challenges like weather as farmers try to offset with higher yields and productivity? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Matt. Thanks. Good question. I'll start maybe on the latter part as it relates to Precision Technologies. I mean certainly, as we see more volatility and more uncertainty in our customers' operations, the ability to be - to get jobs done more quickly, more precisely is hugely beneficial. And we've seen this over the last few years, 2019, a great example, where we had a really wet spring and customers leveraging technologies like exact emerge [ph], high-speed planting, getting their crop planted in a matter of days and hours versus traditional weeks. So, we think that is really important. We think it's a driver to be able to react to more uncertainty from a weather perspective and be able to deliver not just the same outcomes, but better outcomes as it relates to cost, time and then ultimately on the yield side.
Kanlaya Barr: Well, regarding the El Nino side, we still looking at the weather pattern and there might be pointing towards more the end of a India and then toward the El Nino. Historically, again, this is still a long way to go here. We have to see if that really happens and how that's going to turn out in the summer. But historically, we will probably see more moisture in North America and some of the dryness in places like Australia or Northern South Africa - I mean South America. So we're still monitoring that. And in North America, if we really see that El Nio, we might have seen some upside on the yield trend as well, but again, this is still - we have months to come for to see how that would play out.
Matt Elkott: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is John Joyner with BMO Capital Markets. You may go ahead sir.
John Joyner: Thank you for taking my question. Somehow seasonal normalization is now a negative these days. So with regard to - farmer sentiment, Rachel, you correctly highlighted that even though crop prices have moderated and so has the cost side of the equation, but with such a myopic focus on grain prices, do you get a sense of average farmer profitability today versus, say, six months ago, a year ago and whether there is any hesitation creeping in at all around purchasing new equipment?
Brent Norwood: Hi John, with regards to sentiment versus farmer fundamentals, it's interesting, and we see all of the farm sentiment indicators and the barometers out there, and they haven't always matched precisely what we're seeing with the actual fundamentals of the industry. And that's been a phenomenon that's -- where those two have maybe become detached over the last two to three years. So sometimes it's difficult to use those barometers as a great read for what's really happening with respect to customers' purchase decisions. That said, customers are going to be very profitable this year. And even as we look ahead into next year and start plugging in some of the kind of early WASD figures, customers are still going to be making good money. And I think you'll still see profitability at levels that are capable of stimulating replacement demand even beyond kind of where we're at today. I don't know, Kanlaya Barr, if you have any further comments on that as well.
Kanlaya Barr: No, no, I agree with that, Brent. I mean if you look at, yes, price is coming down, but it's still the top three of the last 10 years. And then we still have good guys on the cost side, cost is coming down as well. So I would think that, yes, we still have pretty good favorable margins for farmers coming into this new crop year.
Josh Jepsen: The other benefit, we're continuing to see strong used values, which are helpful when we think about trade differentials. That's a really important component to that investment decision, and that is still very supportive. We're still on large ag overall relatively low levels of inventory. Thanks John
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Sir, you may go ahead.
Robert Wertheimer: Thanks. I wonder - my question is going to be on small ag and turf. And I wonder if you would give a little bit of the state of the market and what you have done as Josh, you did in construction. This is a market where you guys are obviously strong, but not as strong as in production precision. The margins were quite good this quarter. And I'm just curious about what you've done, sustainability, whether price can hold up in that market given somewhat high inventories and less strong fundamentals? Thanks.
Brent Norwood: Hi Rob, regarding small ag and turf and some of the structural profitability improvements made to that business, I think it's a segment that's probably flown under the radar screen. One of the things we've learned over the last couple of quarters, it's also a segment that's not always well understood by investors. It's a very diverse portfolio of products that we offer in the small ag and turf segment. About one-third of that business goes to really the consumer-oriented products, things like our riding lawn equipment as well as compact utility tractors. But the other two-thirds are sold into the farm economy. And I think that's where you've probably seen some of the most structural improvements over the last four years. We've made a lot of the portfolio decisions that we've made over that - over the last four years have been in the small ag and turf business. So we've been very, very discerning and sort of the markets that we play in and the product offerings that we offer to those markets. And then I'd also highlight that the majority of our mid-sized tractors that come out of Monheim, Germany, those are being recorded in our small ag and turf division. And Europe has been a really important driver there. And we've talked a little bit about this on some of the prior calls, our strategy in Europe has been much more focused over the last three years. We've really focused on the high horsepower segment, kind of the 150-plus segment and have a focus that is much more on precision technology I think there's, more differentiated products flowing through our small ag and turf division than maybe investors appreciate. That's what's driven a lot of the improvements over the last couple of years. Dave, anything else you'd add to that comment?
Dave Gilmore: Yes. From a U.S. and Canada perspective, when you referenced the products that we would include in "small ag and turf, a majority of those products are going to customers, perhaps in dairy and livestock operations, which, again, in the U.S. and Canada, those customers are generating profits and expected to continue that profit generation into 2024. So that's been a good market for us as our company and our dealers focus on those customers generating income from a dairy and livestock operation.
Josh Jepsen: Rob, it's Josh. One or two things I'd add to that, on top of everything that Brent and Dave said, I think this is an area where we have been very focused on the cost structure, in the cost structure of these products and driving that down. And we've been very disciplined on price across the globe, which has been beneficial. And then not unlike the other parts of our business, there's emerging opportunities as it relates to technology and the ability to leverage technology that's been developed in production precision ag into things like dairy and livestock like hand forage that we believe will drive continued value. You think about connectivity and driving connectivity and what that means from a customer support and the ability to better take care of customers, a good example where we see opportunity to not only better serve customers but also create value for the company. Thanks Rob.
Robert Wertheimer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. You may go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes thanks, good morning guys.
Josh Jepsen: Good morning Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: My question is around pricing. So when you guys say that pricing is starting to kind of return to normal, what would you define normal ads, particularly within production precision ag. And then second part of the question is just what are you seeing from a competitive perspective with respect to price? Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Regarding price, maybe there's a couple of different dynamics at play here. Maybe I'll just start kind of with the rest of the year, and you can see this in our guide. We would expect price realization to moderate as we progress through 2023. And that really reflects some of the midyear pricing actions that we took in 2022. We'll anniversary and we'll lap those here in the third quarter, and you'll see pricing moderate that's effectively implied in our guide, given that in production Precision Ag, for example, we achieved 22% in the first quarter, 20% in the second quarter. Our full year guide is 15%. So that implies that three in 4Q we'll see price realization down significantly. Now on the flip side there, production costs are also moderating. So we think the delta between the two remains relatively static first half to back half of the year. Now as it relates to 2024 pricing, we've said all along, our goal was to get back to more normalized levels of price realization. If you look back over sort of the pre-COVID era, that would be anywhere from sort of 2% to 3% for the entire equipment operations. Production and Precision Ag has typically been on the higher end of that range and some of the other divisions on the lower side. Right now, we're one of the first manufacturers to have early order programs extending into 2024. So we do have prices out for those products. We talked about the sprayer early order program, which was filled relatively quickly. The pricing on those sprayers was depending on the configuration, somewhere in the 2% to 4% range. So right where we would - right in a range that we would view as normal, which again, we think is healthy for the industry. And then importantly, as we have a conversation about price, we also have to have a conversation about production costs. And based on where we stand today, we continue to see further moderation in production costs and line of sight to 2024 appears as though that will stabilize a bit for us then. Thanks Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next caller is Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan.
Tami Zakaria: Hi good morning, thanks so much. So following up on the last answer to GP [ph] just to make sure the first phase of the early order programs that's all allocated now which quarter does it extend to for 2024? And also, last year, you said you didn't do it in two phases. So this year it's different versus last year?
Brent Norwood: Yes, that's right. So typically, historically, we have run two maybe even three phases for early order programs. Last year, the supply and demand dynamics for sprayers and planters were still out of balance that we only had to run 1 phase. Again, as we return to more seasonal patterns and more balance in the supply and demand dynamics for farm equipment, we're going to try to mimic what we've done in historic early order programs. So this year, we're going to run two. Typically, we source about 90% of model year 2024 planter and sprayers through the early order program so these programs are really important for us as we think about production for next year. And Dave you want to talk about the second part of that question there - regarding the shift in phases.
Dave Gilmore: In phases yes and I might also add in addition to ordering products from our factories, the whole goods, this year as well, we have a precision upgrade portion of our early order program that allows a customer that purchased a piece of equipment earlier to upgrade to the most recent John Deere technology that allows them to unlock agronomic, economic and environmental value. So that's another change and improvement to the early order program that Brent referenced. And ultimately, what we're intending to do with those EOPs is getting early indicator of production schedule. So that we can build those and get them in the hands of customers prior to their new [ph] season so we will be taking orders now that will be delivered throughout 2024.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, this is Josh. Maybe one follow-up to Nicole's question on price we talked about normalizing price, and that's purely inflationary price. So historically 2% to 3% and what we have seen though, on top of that is another 3% to 4% of price that comes through additional features, which is effectively is you can think about more technology, and we don't see that trend changing much at all. And if anything potentially accelerating as we drive more features and more opportunity to create more value for customers and drive very, very quick ROI for those investments as they reduce cost and improve yield. So just an add to Nicole's question on price. Thanks we'll go ahead and jump to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next caller is Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. You may go ahead.
Kristen Owen: Great, thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask about Construction and Forestry. You did mention that the order books there were virtually full for the year. Can you just help us understand the mix there? And then I believe you said inventories were still quite tight. I just wanted to clarify, was that an industry statement or a Deere statement? And I'll leave it there? Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Thanks, Kristen, for the question. Regarding C&F, you're correct. If we look at order books, we are almost full for the year. We're certainly full in the U.S. and Canada, the one market that we still have more work to do would be Brazil. That's a market that has really weakened over the first half of the year, and we're monitoring really closely in the back half of the year. And we have seen inventories rise a little bit as retails have suffered here in the last quarter. I think it's a combination of a little bit of political uncertainty earlier in the year, higher interest rates have put a little bit of a downward pressure on that market for us. So that's really the one call out I would have for sort of the rest of 2023. Now as it relates to inventory, our comments on the call have all been Deere specific inventory. Similar to large ag, we've seen a little bit of an increase here in season, but that's all commensurate with our production levels that we had in the second quarter. And our ending inventory forecast right now still shows us running really, really lean at the end of the year. So, we're going to continue to manage that really tightly, as we exit 2023 and create our starting point end of '24.
Josh Jepsen: Yes Kristen, Kristen it's Josh. Maybe one thing to add to that from an order perspective, on North America, we're taking orders into the first quarter of '24. So, we're continuing to see strength there. Contractors for the first time in their careers continue are turning down jobs because of lack of labor. So I think, the desire for more technology, the ability to do jobs in an easier, more simple manner is desirable. So, we see a lot of opportunity there to continue. Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Hi Michele, I think we have time for one last caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our last caller is Stanley Elliott with Stifel. You may go ahead sir.
Stanley Elliott: Good morning I want to thank you for fitting me in. Quick question, can you guys talk about kind of the share repurchase expectation in the back half of the year, you're tracking two times ahead of last year and free cash flow is accelerating? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Hi Stanley, it's Josh. I appreciate the question. I think we're seeing here the benefit of our business model and executing the strategy in terms of really strong cash generation. And clearly, with our full year guide, we see that continuing. So, we did about $1.3 billion here this quarter. We don't provide a forecast there, but I think fair to assume we would continue at a similar pace through the year.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Stanley. That concludes today's call. We appreciate everyone's time, and thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may go ahead and disconnect at this time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Brent Norwood: [Abrupt Start] any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I will now turn the call over to Rachel Bach.
Rachel Bach: Thanks, Brent and good morning. John Deere completed the first quarter with solid execution. Financial results for the quarter included 20% margin for the equipment operations. While still far from normal levels, fewer supply chain disruptions enabled our factories to operate at high levels of production. Strong ag fundamentals remain  our order book still in allocation are full well into the fourth quarter and in some cases, full through the balance of the year. Likewise, the Construction & Forestry division continues to benefit from healthy demand with order books full into the fourth quarter and orders still on an allocation basis. Slide 3 shows the results for the first quarter. Net sales and revenues were up 32% to $12.652 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were up 34% to $11.402 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $1.959 billion or $6.55 per diluted share. Taking a closer look at the individual segments, beginning with the production and precision ag business on Slide 4. Net sales of $5.198 billion were up 55% compared to the first quarter last year and up versus our own forecast, primarily due to higher shipment volumes and price realization. Price was positive by about 22 points. We expect price realization to be the highest early in the fiscal year due in part to model year 21 machines produced and shipped in the first quarter of 2022, effectively including two model years when compared to the first quarter of 23. Currency translation was negative by roughly 1 point. Operating profit, $1.208 billion, resulting in a 23.2% operating margin for the segment compared to an 8.8% margin for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to favorable price realization and improved shipment volume and mix. These were partially offset by higher production costs and increased R&D and SA&G. Prior year results were negatively impacted by lower production from the delayed ratification of our labor agreement as well as by the contract ratification bonus. Moving to Small Ag & Turf on Slide 5, net sales were up 14%, totaling $3.001 billion in the first quarter as a result of price realization and higher shipment volumes, partially offset by negative effects of currency translation. Price realization was positive by just over 11 points, while currency translation was negative by nearly 4 points. Operating profit was up year-over-year at $447 million, resulting in a 14.9% operating margin. The increased profit was primarily due to price realization and higher shipment volume, partially offset by higher production costs, R&D and SA&G. Slide 6 shows our industry outlook for the ag and turf markets globally. We expect industry sales of large ag equipment in U.S. and Canada to be up approximately 5% to 10%, reflecting another year of [Indiscernible] demand. The dynamics of strong ag fundamentals, advanced fleet age and low field inventory all remain. We expect demand to exceed the industrys ability to produce for yet another year. For Small Ag & Turf, we estimate industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down around 5%. Within the segment, order books for products linked to ag production systems remain resilient, while demand for consumer-oriented products such as compact tractors under 40-horsepower has softened considerably since last year. Moving on to Europe, the industry is forecasted to be flat to up 5%. Fundamentals continue to be solid, still moderating from recent highs and net foreign cash income remains healthy. In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to be flat to up 5% following a very strong year in fiscal year 22. Farmer profitability remains high as our customers benefit from robust commodity prices, record production at variable currency environment. And while the backdrop in the large ag is favorable, demand for low horsepower equipment softened a bit over the first quarter. Industry sales in Asia are forecasted to be down moderately. Now our segment forecasts, beginning on Slide 7, for Production and Precision Ag, net sales are forecast to be up around 20% for the full year. Forecast assumes about 14 points of positive price realization for the full year and minimal currency impact. As noted earlier, we expect to achieve higher price realization in the first half of the year and then see it moderate a bit in the latter half. The segments operating margin is now between 23.5% and 24.5%. Slide 8 shows our forecast for the Small Ag & Turf segment. We expect net sales to be flat to up 5%. This guidance includes 8 points of positive price realization and less than 0.5 point of currency headwind. The segments operating margin is projected between 14.5% and 15.5%. Changing to Construction & Forestry on Slide 9, net sales for the quarter were $3.203 billion, up 26%, primarily due to higher shipment volumes and price realization. Results were better than our own forecast for the quarter. Price realization was positive by over 13 points, while currency translation was negative by about 3 points. Operating profit of $625 million was higher year-over-year, resulting in a 19.5% operating margin due to price realization and higher shipment volumes, partially offset by higher production costs. C&F had several miscellaneous items that were positive to the first quarter results. The impact of these positive items was approximately 1.5 points of margin and we do not expect them to repeat. Prior year results include the impact of the lower production in the first quarter due to the delayed ratification of our labor agreement as well as the contract ratification bonus. Lets turn to our 2023 Construction & Forestry industry outlook on Slide 10. Industry sales of earthmoving and compact construction equipment in North America are both projected to be flat to up 5%. End markets for earthmoving and compact equipment is expected to remain strong. While housing has softened, infrastructure, the oil and gas sector and robust CapEx programs from the independent rental companies have continued to support demand. Retail sales have remained robust and dealer inventory is well below historic levels. Global road building markets are forecast to be flat. North America remains the strongest market, compensating for softness in Europe as well as in parts of Asia. In forestry, we estimate the industry will be flat as softening in the U.S. and Canada is offset with strength in Europe. Moving to the C&F segment outlook on Slide 11, Deeres Construction & Forestry 2023 net sales are forecast to be up between 10% and 15%. Our net sales guidance for the year considers around 9 points of positive price realization. Operating margin is expected to be in the range of 17% to 18%. Shifting to our financial services operations on Slide 12, Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the first quarter was $185 million. The decrease in net income was mainly due to less favorable financing spreads. For fiscal year 2023, our outlook is now $820 million as the less favorable financing spreads, higher SA&G expenses, and lower gains on operating lease dispositions are expected to more than offset the benefits from a higher average portfolio balance. The less favorable financing spreads in both the first quarter results and outlook are a function of the velocity of interest rate increases and the lag in price changes. Credit quality remains favorable with very low write-offs as a percentage of the portfolio. Slide 13 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal 23, we are raising our outlook for net income to be between $8.75 billion and $9.25 billion, reflecting the strong results of the first quarter and continued optimism for the remainder of the year. Next, our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate between 23% and 25%. Lastly, cash flow from the equipment operations is now projected to be in the range of $9.25 billion to $9.75 billion. That concludes our formal comments. Now Id like to spend a little time going deeper on a few things specific to this quarter. Lets start with farmer fundamentals. The USDA recently updated its farm income forecast. U.S. net cash farm income is forecast to be down in 2023 compared to 2022, but still well above long-term averages and at levels supportive of continued replacement demand. Importantly, crop cash receipts are predicted to be down only 3% and remain at very healthy levels for row-crop producers. And while expenses are expected to be up, some key inputs like fertilizers have moderated since peaking in 2022. All-in, the 2023 foreign income forecasts are solid and will continue to support equipment demand. This maybe specific to the U.S., but the message is similar across our various global markets, right. Brent?
Brent Norwood: Thats right. And I would add that global stocks to use remain very tight, keeping grain prices elevated, even if they are down a bit from the highs of last summer. So, the story here is one of slightly lower net income, but still quite profitable, which is true in most ag markets globally. As noted earlier, profitability in Europe remains solid. While grain prices have come off peak levels, input costs have also declined, keeping margins at supportive levels there. The relative profitability varies a bit by region with Central Europe faring a bit better than Western Europe, but overall, still solid across the region. And in Brazil, higher production and favorable FX has kept profitability solid, making the region one of the strongest from a fundamentals perspective. The political transition and rising interest rate environment could result in some softening for smaller ag equipment, but large ag equipment demand is holding steady.
Josh Jepsen: This is Josh. One thing Id like to add here is that when we meet with dealers, we hear consistent message from them, too. They are positive on the outlook and customer demand. We even get feedback they could quote more customers if they werent on allocation. So we feel good that the demand is out there. Our dealers are also optimistic about the level of tech adoption and demand for precision ag solutions as customers look to reduce expensive inputs, which improve profitability and sustainability. And this is not just a North American theme, but across the globe. I was with our dealers from Latin America earlier in the quarter and the appetite for increased technology from our customers is very strong and our dealers are investing heavily to deliver on the value proposition.
Rachel Bach: Thats good perspective on the industry outlook and the dealer feedback. With that in mind, our order books are generally full into the fourth quarter as we look across the global large ag business. Most orders are retail, so they have a specific customer name associated with them and we anticipate it will be another year where large ag equipment demand outstrip supply. But if we look more closely at our Small Ag & Turf division, the story is more. Can you step through that, Brent?
Brent Norwood: Sure. If we dissect the segment, around two-thirds of our sales are linked to products tied to ag production systems like dairy and livestock, hay and forage and high-value crops. The remainder is tied more to consumer-oriented products. So hay and forage and livestock margins remain above recent historical averages. Additionally, dealer inventory to sales ratio for midsized tractors are below normal levels. So this part of Small Ag & Turf has remained steady. A good proof point here is that the order book for our midsized tractors built in Monheim, Germany is filled well into the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. On the other hand, turf and utility equipment is more closely correlated with the general economy, specifically housing. So we have seen softening there, particularly in compact utility tractors. This is one place where we have seen industry inventories build. And to round out the conversation on order books, Construction & Forestry is also full into the fourth quarter. Given levels of demand, we do not anticipate any rebuilding  any rebuilding of channel inventory in fiscal year 2023.
Rachel Bach: Lets stay on that topic of inventory building and going back to your comment, Brent, on turf and utility equipment industry and inventories. Is that increase in channel inventory purely related to the softening in demand or is any of that seasonal for turf and utility equipment?
Brent Norwood: A mix of both. We are heading into the prime spring selling season for turf and utility equipment. So we normally have some inventory build at this time of the year that will sell-off as we go through the spring. But we are monitoring channel inventory closely, so we can react quickly if there is further softening in demand.
Rachel Bach: What about channel inventory for our other segments?
Brent Norwood: Yes. For large ag, our dealers remain on allocation as we have mentioned. The vast majority of orders are marked for retail and have a customer name associated with them. So, we dont expect to see restocking of dealer inventory this year. You will see some channel inventory build seasonally a bit as we ramp up production ahead of the season, but we dont predict much change in dealer inventory year-over-year by our fiscal year-end. We expect any restocking to be more of a 2024 story. And as I noted, its the same for our North America Construction & Forestry business. Dealer inventory is at historic lows. Based on retail demand and our production levels, we dont anticipate much increase in dealer inventory. Again, we would expect any build there to occur in 2024.
Josh Jepsen: Maybe a couple of things to add here. As mentioned, our dealer inventories remain below historic levels as demand outpaces supply. We have noted a few times that our order books are still on allocation basis. And this continues because while supply challenges have eased, the supply chain is still fragile. Its getting better, but we continue to experience higher-than-normal supply disruptions. We are working with our supply chain and doing our best to try to ensure delivery to our customers. Second, since new equipment inventories remain tight, our dealers are seeing the benefit in used equipment. Deals are turning their used equipment very quickly at a historically fast pace, demonstrating resilient demand for used. As a result, used equipment inventories are at low levels and used equipment prices continue to be strong. This is a positive for customers as it reduces their trade differentials. This is especially true for both large ag and Construction & Forestry.
Rachel Bach: Thanks, Josh. Lets shift to pricing. Production and Precision Ag in particular, benefited some high price realization here in the first quarter. This isnt a normal comparison though. Josh, can you break that down for us?
Josh Jepsen: You are right. Its not a normal year-over-year compare. Its really comparing 2 years worth of price increases. Last year, during the first quarter, we were still shipping a fair number of model year 21 machines. We were behind on deliveries due to the work stoppage at some of our largest U.S. factories. So for example, a lot of tractors we shipped during the first quarter of 2022 were actually model year 21 machines and model year 21 pricing. During the remainder of fiscal 22, we experienced significant material inflation, but we also successfully increased line rates to catch up on shipments. So we shipped most of the model year 22 tractors during fiscal 22. So now here in the first quarter of 23, nearly all of the tractor shipments were model year 23. So when one looks at the first quarter year-over-year price comparison is really model year 23 versus model year 21 or 2 years worth of price. We do believe the price comparisons will moderate in the back half of the year. Our full year forecast contemplates production cost increasing year-over-year due to the impact of labor, energy prices and purchase components, tough we do expect the increases to be at a much lesser extent than we experienced in 22. We expect to benefit from improvements in commodity prices, decreased use of premium freight and increased productivity as our operations run more smoothly. Looking forward though as inflationary pressures subside, we expect a reversion to our historical averages for price increases.
Rachel Bach: Thats helpful. Thanks, Josh. And also a good segue to talk about the rest of the year compared to the first quarter. It was a strong first quarter. However, in the first quarter, we had fewer production days with holidays and some planned maintenance, model year switchovers and so on. So as we look to the second quarter, we will have more production days. C&F, as I mentioned earlier, had some miscellaneous positive items in the first quarter that wont repeat as we progress through the year. Brent, can you talk through how people should be thinking about our rest of the year forecast?
Brent Norwood: Absolutely. For PPA and C&F, we are confident in the rest of the year demand. And its likely that our seasonality for the remainder of the year will look more like our historical cadence with the second and third quarters expected to be the highest in revenue for PPA, for example. The supply chain needs to continue to improve, enabling higher production rates. Part delinquencies and delays have abated, but have not returned to pre-pandemic levels or anything we would consider indicative of a healthy supply chain. Our guidance contemplates that we can procure the material we need to continue production at current daily rates. So with respect to top line guidance, we do not see significant demand risk for the rest of the year, but we do need the supply base to continue to execute. When it comes to production costs, there are a few variables to consider. As Josh mentioned, while raw material prices and the need for premium freight have eased, we continue to see inflation on purchase components, labor and energy. So some puts and takes there. If the supply chain continues to improve, we could see some additional productivity gains in our operations.
Josh Jepsen: This is Josh. One, I want to point out that when it comes to costs, we are not just waiting for things to get better. Were working with our suppliers to improve on-time deliveries and manage through inflationary pressures. We continue to look for opportunities to source differently when it makes sense, and were looking at our own processes as well to continue to improve efficiency and cost we can control. So cost is top of mind and a key focus area
Rachel Bach: One last special topic. We recently published our sustainability report. It can be found on deere.com/sustainability, and I would encourage people to take a look at it. Josh, any highlights youd like to point out?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. A few things here to highlight. We made progress on our Leap Ambitions, including engaged, highly engaged, sustainably engaged acres. Engaged acres give us a foundational understanding of customer utilization of Deere technology, and we continue to enable our customers to use data to do more with less, unlocking economic value, while also improving environmental outcomes. We formed partnerships to accelerate this value unlock for customers. One example is a demonstration farm with Iowa State University, where over several years, we will be able to test various sustainable farm management strategies and farming practices. We will be able to collect data that mirrors our customers applications and decision-making to deliver better solutions. We introduced the exact shot feature on planters at CES 2023. This is a great example of a solution that enables our customers to do more with less and leverages our tech stack, pulling nozzle technology from sprayers onto ExactEmerge planter to deliver starter fertilizer on the seed and only on the seed when planting. We also introduced a prototype of our first fully electric excavator at CES. Its a Deere designed excavator with a Kreisel battery. It shows our focus on electrification in response to customer pull for quieter and safer solutions, while executing jobs in a lower emission manner, is an example of the team making progress on reducing Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions for which we have validated science-based targets. With our focus on creating value for customers and being organized around their production systems, the solutions shown at CES underpinned the message of real purpose real technology with a real impact in all we do. I also want to highlight the significant progress we made in terms of our operational sustainability goals. For example, Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions, we had a goal of 15% reduction between 2017 and 2022. As we close out 2023, we almost doubled that achieving a reduction of nearly 29% during that time frame. So its not just our products, but our operations having a positive impact, too.
Rachel Bach: Thank you. Thats good stuff. And before we open the line for other questions, Josh, any final comments?
Josh Jepsen: Sure. It was a good first quarter. Strong results in start of the year. Fundamentals in demand across are solid across most parts of our business. The supply chain is showing early signs of improvement, but remains fragile, so the teams are managing through it. Were proud of the team of employees, suppliers and dealers as we continue to work together to deliver our products and solutions to our customers. It was also very exciting at CES to reveal new solutions that will unlock value for our customers, not just economic value, but sustainable as well. You can read about it and the progress in the 2022 sustainability report, but to see it at CES and our strategy in action reinforces our belief that we have tremendous purpose and the ability to deliver real value for all those associated with Deere.
Rachel Bach: Thank you. Now lets open the line for questions from our investors.
Brent Norwood: Now we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions we ask that you rejoin the queue.
Operator: Thank you so much. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo Securities. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: Hey, guys. Good morning. I wanted to just ask a question on the cost side. Just to clarify what your message is on the input costs and freight costs and things like that. Are you suggesting that costs are going to continue to be up year-over-year through 2023? Or is there some point during this year when we start to see a cost benefit to Deere on a year-over-year basis? Like when does that flip, I guess, from whether its input costs or freight or what have you. Thank you.
Brent Norwood: With respect to production costs, Seth, there is quite a bit to unpack there. I mean I think first and foremost, our factories were running a lot better in the first quarter, really better in the first quarter than at any other point in  over the course of 2022. So we were able to hit line rates that we were expecting to hit as well as completing the machines and the sequence that we intended to complete them on. With respect to production costs, they are still going to run higher on a year-over-year basis for the full year, but at a diminishing rate when compared to production cost increases that we saw in 2022. If I dissect the components of production costs, there is a few puts and takes there. Raw materials were slightly favorable in the first quarter, but that will get more favorable as we progress through the year. Freight was already favorable in the first quarter as well, and we do believe that will continue rest of the year. Where we are still seeing inflation impacting the production cost line item for us is really in purchase components. and those tend to inflate on a lagging basis. If you think about the inflation that our Tier 3, Tier 2 suppliers are experiencing, it takes a while for that to bubble up into our production costs. So the inflation they have with respect to labor and raw mats are really hitting us on a lagging basis. Thats whats driving some of the higher production costs year-over-year. Id also note that labor and energy are going to be higher on a year-over-year basis, also taking production costs on an absolute basis up year-over-year. Now that said, we are actively working with our suppliers to sort of get back any sort of inflation thats linked to raw material. So youll see us very much focused on cost for the rest of the year.
Josh Jepsen: Seth, its Josh. Maybe one to add there is. Last year, as we saw this, we had  because of the way our price programs we work on early order programs, we had set price and then we saw inflation come through. So while we were price production cost positive in 22, it was just slightly positive. 23, we would expect that to be much more positive as we catch up a bit on the pricing side and start to see some of the increases come in. So that will be more positive in 23 than it was in 22 Thank you.
Seth Weber: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dillon Cumming with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Dillon Cumming: Great. Good morning. Thanks for the question. If I can just ask a longer-term one. I think some of the concern out there in the market is just that we havent seen an ag cycle this long, right, over the last decade. But if you look at Deeres own revenue growth profile, right, in the 90s and early 2000, there have been prior instances of your company seeing 7, 8 years of consecutive revenue growth. So I guess if you had to describe the current backdrop, right, demand outstripping supply, etcetera, would you say that were operating in a market environment similar to those years versus the more commodity cycles that weve seen over the last decade or so?
Brent Norwood: Yes. Good morning, Dillon, thanks for the question. With respect to this particular cycle, I think there is a lot of variables at play. First off, weve had a really strong start to the year. And our guidance would indicate were going to have a very strong rest of year as well. We note the backdrop right now is very supportive. Farmer fundamentals are really strong. And we had a record year in 2022. But as we look at 2023, its going to be a slight decline, but still at a very, very positive level. Crop cash receipts are down 3%, farmer net income is down 16%, but both of those figures would be higher than the peak of any prior cycle. So right now, I think our farmers are in really good shape. I think another thing to contemplate with respect to this particular cycle is the way that it really unfolded has been at a slower pace than what the market would typically facilitate. We saw demand inflect in early 2021, but the industry was suffering from significant supply constraints over that year 22 and in 23. We are still shorting demand on some level in 23 and much of that or some of that will certainly push into subsequent years. So this cycle is difficult to compare to prior cycles because of some of these artificial and external constraints that are placed on the business. Now with respect to 2024, certainly, too early to make a call there, there is a lot of variables between now and then we have to plant the 2023 crop. We want to see where ag inputs normalize, things like fertilizer, seed and chemicals have been somewhat volatile in their pricing over the last couple of  or last year or so. And weve got a number of swing exporters, I would say, when you contemplate areas like the Black Sea region as well as Argentina. So a lot of variables need to play out and we will start to collect our first data point on next year really this summer, when we run our crop care early order program, we will collect some additional data points in the fall with our combine early order program. That said, how we intend to exit 23, we think we will exit at a really healthy rate. The fleet age will still be advanced. And inventories, both new and used are going to continue to be tight.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Dillon, maybe one thing I would add here, and this gets back to our strategy and I think how we are a fundamentally different company in terms of what were delivering to customers, how were integrating technology to drive value for customers, really irrespective of where end markets are, the ability to take cost out and to increase productivity and profitability for customers. So were very, very focused on our ability to dampen cyclicality over time, be less reliant on sheer unit volume as we drive better economics for our customers and better per unit economics for Deere. So we feel really good about the opportunity to drive growth and our ability to create value for customers. Thanks, Dillon. We will go to our next question.
Dillon Cumming: Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Joyner with BMO Capital Markets. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
John Joyner: Great. So thank you very much. Josh, youve discussed this a bit, and I know my question here comes up a lot, so I do apologize in advance. But how do you think about pricing power, I guess, when the currently robust up cycle eventually moderates? Or are prices now possibly set at a  what could be a structurally higher level?
Brent Norwood: John, with respect to price, I think there is a lot to contemplate there. The pricing actions that weve taken have been commensurate with the level of production cost that we and the industry have experienced. And Josh noted this earlier, if you look at our 2022 margins for production precision ag, they were actually down year-over-year when compared to 21, even on 33% higher revenue. So weve absorbed a lot of production costs and have had to take price measures to account for that. I think what weve seen so far is no sign of demand disruption yet. Our customers have been really profitable over the last few years. And the good news is we are seeing signs of moderation in our production cost increases. So in our  from our perspective, that does point to, I would say, a reversion to the mean in terms of normal price increases year-over-year as we start to stabilize with respect to higher production costs.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Maybe, John, one add I would throw in there is when we look at the impact of equipment on the P&L for customers is still a relatively small percentage. And I think important in that is its a relatively small percentage, and were actively focused on other parts of the P&L, how do we take cost out and how do we improve yield. I think thats really important kind of to my previous comment on being able to do that is beneficial regardless of where end markets are or where commodity markets are. So that focus, the ability to do that over time that we think is differentiated. But as Brett mentioned, we do think as inflationary pressures abate, we will see prices come back into what weve seen in the past. Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Thein with Citigroup. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Tim Thein: Yes. Thanks. Thanks and good morning. So just thinking about gross margins for the rest of the year relative to the 30% in the first quarter, the full year guidance only outlines just a marginal improvement. Obviously, youll have  you should have volumes at quite a bit higher kind of quarterly run rate from the first quarter. So what are the  I mean you talked about there is a lot of interplay between price and cost. But normally, just from kind of a seasonal perspective, we do see more of an improvement. So are there  but there is perhaps some mix benefits that may play through in PPA that helped the first quarter that wont for the rest of the year or are there any other high-level thoughts you have on that, just as we think about, again, gross margins for the balance of the year? Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Hey, Tim, thanks for the question. With respect to gross margins, we would expect to see rest of year somewhat in line with what you saw in the first quarter. As Josh noted, we will have and put up the strongest price realization number in Q1. That will moderate a little bit as we go through the year. What offsets that, though, is our cost compares get more favorable. And so I think the dynamic between moderating price combined with better cost compares will sort of work to offset each other and keep our gross margins roughly in line with what you saw in the first quarter.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Tim, I think thats fair from a gross margin perspective. And if you think about just profitability overall, our operating margins, we do have higher R&D year-over-year. Were investing at a record level of R&D. And I think that really speaks to our confidence and optimism and the value that we can create. Thats clearly not in the gross margins. But as you think about operating margins, we do see that higher year-over-year and probably higher rest of the year than compared to 1Q. Thanks, Tim. Go ahead  go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Excuse me. Good morning, guys. I wanted to think about margins kind of big picture here, and maybe this is Josh question, I dont know. But at the end of the day, it feels like you guys have sort of achieved your targets earlier than you expected. I wonder if there is an opportunity to sort of bump those higher over time or whether you think those are still the right range to think about? And more specifically, how much volatility maybe on the decremental side if and when we actually sort of end this cycle?
Brent Norwood: Hey, good morning, Steve. With respect to our stated goal of 20% margins  through-cycle margins by 2030, maybe a couple of things to unpack there. First goal is to get to a structural through-cycle margin achievement at that point. And we would say were not quite there yet. I understand that our guidance would imply 20% for this year. And we certainly have progressed beyond our original goal of 15%, but there is still a little bit further to go on the journey. Part of this years performance is based on the best demand environment that were in. I think the other thing I would point out there is keep in mind that there is an entirely other element to that goal around the reduction of the standard deviation around margins. And were just now beginning to make progress on our recurring revenue goal by getting the right tech stack out in the market. So I think that part of the journey, we still have a much further way to go. Were getting started. I think were off to a good start. But its really  you need to consider both our goal to get to sort of through-cycle margins of 20%, but then also minimize the volatility around that 20% as part of the goal suite as well. Thanks, Steve.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you. Im trying to think about 24. The order books are not open yet, right? So still some time to think about that and how were going to price as well for 24. So it looks like the rest of the year, youre implying pricing is up about 9% in the rest of the year, so maybe a cadence of 13 14 and 10, and then by the fourth quarter, were still up 6%, 7%. So Im just trying to think about initially, I know its early, but how are you thinking about pricing for 24 as it sits today? And is that roughly the right way to think about the exit on pricing for the year and that kind of up 6% to 7% in the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Hey, David, with respect to price, I think your math is probably fair in terms of seeing that price realization number moderate a little bit as we go through the year. Compared to last year, in 2023, we wont see as much midyear price increase. So a lot of the impact that were seeing early in the part of 2023 is based on sort of midyear price actions that we took last year. So I think as we migrate from fiscal year 23 into 24, it will be a little bit more of a kind of clean break in terms of pricing and will be mostly dependent on what we do for new list prices in 24. The calculus there is really going to be based on what were seeing in production costs. Weve seen some positive tailwinds beginning this  in the first quarter of this year, and we would expect some of that to get better as we go through the year. But were going to have to take a wait-and-see approach until we get a little bit closer to early order programs before we maybe have a fully formed view on where pricing might be in 24. Thanks, David.
David Raso: Is there any colored  thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Michael Feniger: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Is there anyway to frame these pricing gains being able to look at how much is coming from the inflationary side and how much the higher rates are from tools and features? And are you seeing pricing just across the industry and players remain disciplined as they kind of roll through this year as inflation eases and we revert more to that normal environment. Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Hi Mike. Thanks for the question. With respect to pricing, I would  I think the historical trend would point to a normal environment of 2% to 3% pricing based on inflation and roughly maybe 3% to 4% based on additional features. Now, when we quote price realization in our press release, we are only quoting inflationary prices, right. We dont quote the addition to average selling prices that come from those new features in precision ag that would typically fall in the mixed bar on our waterfall charts. And I think on a go-forward basis, the 3% to 4% is largely in line with what we would expect to continue going forward. With respect to industry discipline, we will play a wait and see approach how that plays out over the course of this year. I think it will be largely dependent on the inventory levels that we see in large ag, North America large ag specifically. Right now, those continue to be pretty tight. And as long as they remain tight, there is not a lot of incentive for the industry itself to be undisciplined on price. But again, we will wait and see how that plays out as we progress through the year. Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. I guess just two questions. Back to C&F, I know you outlined 1.5 points due to sort of miscellaneous positive items. If you could just explain a little more what exactly that was? And obviously, the margins were strong in the quarter. Is there anything structural going on there that we should get more optimistic about how we think about construction margins over the longer term? Thank you.
Brent Norwood: So, with respect to the drivers of the C&F beat, I think there is a couple of things to unpack there. First, operationally, that division executed very well in the quarter and the order book remains really strong. Demand has really held up in that division for us. I would say that Wirtgen was exceptional in their performance in the first quarter. And of course, we have got a little extra price there. Jamie, you noted there were a couple of miscellaneous items. Those were around some FX hedging gains that we took primarily in the quarter. What I would tell you is that the Construction & Forestry division is one where we have been working to improve structural performance for the last couple of years. You have seen that with the Wirtgen acquisition we made 5 years ago as well as the decision we made last year to purchase out the  our JV partner in the Deere-Hitachi relationship. I think those are things that will continue to deliver structural performance as we move forward, and its a division, we are really excited about the growth opportunities in.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. One thing to add, Jamie. Those two things Brent mentioned are critical. And then on top of that, its been really, really tough on how we leverage technology into both earthmoving and road building as well as forestry because as with most industries, there is  there are significant labor challenges. So, the ability to automate jobs and bring technology to make jobs safer and easier to do is really, really important. So, you will see us leverage technology there. You would be thoughtful in surgical and how we pull things over from PPA, precision ag, for example, and we think that will  that is another structural component as we go forward. Thanks Jamie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mircea Dobre with Baird. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Mircea Dobre: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask a backlog question, if I may. So, you came into the year with a little better than $14 billion worth of backlog in your Ag segment. And I am sort of curious in your planning assumptions for 2023, do you expect to start working down some of this backlog? And I guess there are two things here. Are you structurally running now with higher levels of backlog or is this something that can  we can actually start to see come down this year? And what are sort of the implications to your production in 2024, given how strong the backlog was to begin with?
Brent Norwood: Hey Mircea, with respect to our backlog, I think there is a couple of things to discuss there. The level of the backlog that has grown relative to history, some of thats just coming from increased valuation of our  of the price point of our machines, right. So, if you compare on an absolute basis, thats certainly going to look higher. Certainly, the last couple of years, order books have run further than that they have had during prior years. And I think that reflects the environment that we are in where demand is far exceeding supply. Certainly, if we get back to a more normalized supply and demand environment, that can moderate a little bit. But with respect to 2024, it still remains  its still a little early, I think to have a perspective in terms of how far those order books are going to run ahead of the year. What I would tell you though is based on where we are at right now, we expect to have little field inventory by the end of the year. And many of our dealers are fully expecting that some products are going to remain on allocation in 2024. So again, thats what we see today. But again, we will let this season play out. We will let this crop play out before we have a fully firm view on what that backlog looks like for next year.
Josh Jepsen: Hey Mircea, its Josh. Maybe a couple of things to add. Some of this too is impacted by the supply chain and what is the status of the supply chain and the ability to get material to produce, which impacts how far out we are ordered. I think the  thats really, really critical. I think the other component is thinking about where are we at from a field inventory perspective, where a dealer is at. This year, we have, by and large, been serving retail customers. So, we have not been building stock for dealer inventory. So, I think thats an important opportunity that dealers would like to have a little more inventory thats not just going to retail as we look forward in 24. Thanks Mircea.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: Hi good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and fantastic quarter. So, going back to the dealer inventory levels, and you said you dont expect much restocking this year. Can you comment where dealer inventory currently stands in a number of months for tractors and combines in, lets say, North America, Europe and South America. I am trying to gauge what the volume benefit to you could be in 2024 if restocking finally happens?
Brent Norwood: Hi Tami. I would say overall inventory remains below historic averages. And there is probably  there is a few pockets where its built, and I will call those out. But North America, large ag again, we dont see any big builds this year. If we compare where we are today versus historical averages, if I look at 220-plus horsepower tractors, we are sitting at about 14% inventory to sales ratios. Typically, thats going to be in the mid-20s to maybe even low-30s at this point in the year. Four-wheel drives and combines are  I think are at a similar point there. And so I think there is definitely some restocking that will serve as a tailwind in subsequent years there. C&F is really a similar narrative. We are sitting between 15% and 20% inventory to sales ratios. And typically, thats going to run in the mid-30s to maybe even low-40s is depending on what our expectation is of the market. So, there is a little bit of restocking tailwind. I think thats more of a 24 event, assuming that the supply chain continues to get better and demand holds. Where we have seen a few areas of inventory build, as we called out earlier, its really on the small compact utility tractors, so the under-40 horsepower, where you have seen our inventory get to about a 50% inventory to sales ratio. The industry is even higher, maybe about 10 points higher. And then the other pockets that have built a little bit have been really in Brazil, CE and Brazil small ag. And Brazil has been a market where its kind of  its really a tale of two markets there. Inventory, I think is right in line with where we want it to be for large ag. Its built a little bit on the small ag side. And what you are seeing there is those producers have a little more sensitivity to higher interest rates. And I think as a result, thats really cooled the market a bit here in the first quarter. We will see how that trends. We are watching it really closely for those 5 Series, 6 Series tractors that we sell in the Brazilian market. But otherwise, I would say inventory there is more normalized. Thanks Tami.
Tami Zakaria: Got it. Thats very helpful. Can I ask a quick follow-on? So and I am sorry if I missed it. Can you quantify by how much your second quarter production rates would be up sequentially and year-over-year?
Brent Norwood: Certainly. So, for North America large ag, our large factories like Waterloo and Harvester Works, we talked about the first quarter having about 25% less production days than what we would have had in the fourth quarter. So, sequentially, it was significantly less production days. Now, as we look forward to the second quarter, second quarter we will have, I would say an average number of production days. So, more similar to what we had in the fourth quarter of 2022. Its roughly between 60 and 65 production days for that quarter.
Josh Jepsen: Hey Jamie. Maybe one thing to add as we think about broadly across all of our businesses, seasonality, as Brent mentioned, returning to look much more similar to what it has in the past, but I would note are probably much more similar from a top line and margin point of view than they 2Q, 3Q are probably much more similar from a top line and margin point of view than they historically have been. So, I think we would see a little bit flatter sales and margin between 2Q compared to 3Q versus historical. Thanks Tami. We will go ahead to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning everyone. I am wondering if you could just give us an update on precision ag on the rollout on an aftermarket basis, where do we stand in terms of product offerings and aftermarket take rates and any variations in take rates versus what we discussed last quarter on the early order programs as the book is built on the new equipment side? Thanks.
Brent Norwood: Hey Jerry. Regarding precision take rates, I would say there is not a lot new to report this quarter from last quarter. If you recall, at the end of the fourth quarter, we had already completed all of our early order programs for both crop care and combined. So, we are running a little bit ahead of schedule than what our normal order book cadence would typically show. So, as a result, we havent taken a lot of new orders over the last quarter for those products as they are pretty much sold out for the entire year. We did fill out an extra month or extra quarter of tractor orders. But maybe just to reiterate some of the things that we talked about last quarter. Take rates for our marquee precision ag technologies all moved up notably things like ExactEmerge and ExactApply saw higher take rates. And then some of our more recent precision ag product offerings like ExactRate or the sugarcane harvester CH-950 also improved remarkably. I think for now, we are very focused on this next generation of products like autonomy, like See & Spray. And then Jerry, you also brought up retrofit. This is also another part of the tech stack that we are investing in significantly right now. And I think still early days there, but really excited about some of the things that you will see head to market over the next couple of years.
Josh Jepsen: Hey Jerry. And one thing you will hear from us, too, I think is a shift to think about utilization including further engagement with our dealers. And then our teams recently met with our dealers, we have an annual precision ag meeting, and there is a lot of excitement and investment happening in this space to enable our customers to get more out of the solutions that we deliver and better outcomes. And as noted, you may recall in the past, we have talked about, we are including in our dealer incentive plans, precision ag engagement. So, thats a component of their plan. So, thats new for 23, but underlines the importance of what we are doing there and the dealers commitment. Thanks Jerry.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. Go ahead please.
Kristen Owen: Hi. Thank you for the question. Brent, you started to talk about this a little bit in a question about the inventory levels. But I am wondering if you can give a little bit more commentary on what you are seeing across South America just some on the ground for near-term activity levels. But really, I would love to focus on the longer term what your view is on your relative positioning in the region? Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Thanks Kristen for the question. Maybe a couple of  I will make a couple of near-term comments and then would love to talk about the longer term there. I mean for 2023, thats a market thats going to see record production for corn and soy and near-record production for cotton and sugar. Profitability will be outstanding this year. So, really good near-term fundamentals. Our guides up flat to up 5% after a really big 2022. So, we are really excited about the fundamentals there. Right now, also in the near-term, and I will point this out, it is a little bit of a tail of two markets, right, where large ag is performing at a higher level than small ag. Again, small ag, more sensitivity to things like interest rates. But Brazil continues to be the strongest market for us in South America. Now, longer term, it is a market we are incredibly excited about. There is probably no other market in the world that has the scale that Brazil has. And the need for technology there is so significant. And its not just this next-generation technology that we are talking about, there is a lot of tools that we have today that havent been fully deployed in Brazil. Connectivity is maybe one of the biggest barriers. We are working really hard to solve that. And when we do solve that, we think there is a significant unlock just utilizing todays technology much less when we get to a point where we have got things like autonomy and See & Spray deployed in Brazil. So, you will continue to see that as a market we are going to invest heavily in, in a market that really plays to our strength, particularly as we have seen just a continuation of this migration from lower horsepower equipment to higher horsepower, more precise equipment, I think it really plays to Deere strength longer term there.
Josh Jepsen: Hey Kristen. As Brent mentioned, the appetite and the adoption of technology there, in particular in Brazil, is happening faster than anywhere else in the world. I think importantly, we have already gone on a significant journey with our dealers over  really over the past two decades in terms of building dealers of scale with the ability to support service, very sophisticated farmers, high levels of technology, and they are very excited about it. The other important piece, too, is we have talked about in the past, we have a target of having margins in South America, be North American and like. And we have really done that. Over the last year, we have seen the margin performance significantly improved to now where its North American like, if not a bit better, so really good about the progress and the future there in an area of continued focus. Thanks.
Brent Norwood: I think we have time for one last caller.
Operator: Absolutely, our next question comes from Mike Shlisky with D.A. Davidson. Go ahead please. Your line is open.
Mike Shlisky: Yes. Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. You touched on this in earlier, Brent I think, but you had mentioned advanced fleet age and the driver up production in precision ag. If you meet your overall financial goals for 2023, do you think farmers will have cut up on three days by the end of the year? Will they still be older than they probably should be going into 2024? And maybe to answer that question and a similar one on Construction & Forestry, but that also be go age into 2024.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Hey Mike. Thanks for the question. It will depend a little bit on what product line we are talking about for large ag. If we meet our production goals, this year tractors will sort of maintain their age. We wont  they wont age up further, but they really wont get younger. We pointed to that, this out before in the past. Our production levels in 2023 are still 20%, 25% below prior replacement cycles. So, as a result, we will likely just maintain large tractor age in 2023. We will make a little bit of progress on combines pulling down the age a bit, but I would note that, the ending point for this year is still above sort of the average fleet age over a longer period of time. For construction, it depends on the end market we are talking about, to some degree. That age is normalizing in some pockets. But we also have, I would say, the rental channel is really re-fleeting right now. And this is because they obviously had lower CapEx budgets in 2020, 21. And then in 2022, they werent able to get maybe as much allocation as they wanted, given how earlier in the year, that market was so strong. So, I think there is probably a longer way to go when we think about rental fleet age and that may be a multiyear journey there. Thanks for the question Mike.
Mike Shlisky: Thank you.
Brent Norwood: And thats our final question for today. We thank everybody for joining us and look forward to reporting in three months from now. Thanks all.
Operator: That will conclude todays conference and we thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-11-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Brent Norwood, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Brent Norwood: Hello. Also on the call today are John May, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Jepsen, Chief Financial Officer; and Rachel Bach, Manager of Investor Communications.  Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's fourth quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal year 2023. After that, we'll respond to your questions.  Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. I will now turn the call over to Rachel Bach.
Rachel Bach: Good morning. John Deere finished the year with a strong fourth quarter, thanks to a 40% increase in net sales. Financial results for the quarter included an 18.5% margin for the equipment operations. Across our businesses, performance was driven by continued strong demand, higher production rates and progress on reducing our inventory of partially completed machines. Looking ahead, ag fundamentals remain positive, continuing to drive healthy demand as evidenced by our order books full into the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. The construction and forestry markets also continued to benefit from solid demand contributing to the division's notable performance in the quarter. Similarly, order books are extended into the second half of '23, providing visibility and confidence in the new fiscal year. Slide 3 shows the results for fiscal year 2022. Net sales and revenues were up 19% to $52.6 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were up 21% to $47.9 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $7.1 billion or $23.28 per diluted share. Next, fourth quarter results are on Slide 4. Net sales and revenues were up 37% to $15.5 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were up 40% to $14.4 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $2.2 billion or $7.44 per diluted share. Let's take a closer look at fourth quarter results by segment, beginning with our production and precision ag business on Slide 5. Net sales of $7.434 billion were up markedly at 59% compared to the fourth quarter last year. This was primarily due to higher production rates both year-over-year and sequentially. Additionally, we made progress on clearing partially completed machines from inventory. Both contributed to higher shipment volumes for the quarter. Price realization in the quarter was positive by about 19 points, whereas currency translation was negative by about 3 points.  Operating profit was $1.74 billion, resulting in a 23.4% operating margin for the segment. The year-over-year increase in operating profit was primarily due to higher shipment volumes and price realization, partially offset by higher production costs and higher SA&G and R&D spend. Operating profit for the quarter was negatively impacted by higher reserves on the remaining assets in Russia, affecting the quarter's margin by about 1 point. The production costs were mostly elevated material and freight. Overhead spend was also higher for the period as factories continue to experience some production inefficiencies due to supply challenges and clearing of partially completed machines in inventory. Despite these headwinds, our factories were able to maintain higher rates of production and reduce the number of partially completed machines in inventory, allowing us to deliver more equipment to our dealers and customers.  Moving to small ag and turf on Slide 6. Net sales were up 26%, totaling $3.544 billion in the fourth quarter due to higher shipment volumes and price realization, which more than offset negative currency translation. Price realization in the quarter was positive by nearly 13 points, while currency translation was negative by over 6 points. For the quarter, operating profit was higher year-over-year at $506 million, resulting in a 14.3% operating margin. The increased profit was primarily due to price realization and improved shipment volumes and mix. These were partially offset by higher production costs, higher R&D and SA&G expenses and unfavorable currency impacts. Please turn to Slide 7 for the fiscal year 2023 ag and turf industry outlook. We expect large ag equipment industry sales in U.S. and Canada to be up 5% to 10%, reflecting resilient demand that continues to be higher than the industry's ability to supply, bolstered by the need to replace aging fleets. Our order books now extend into the third quarter and the dealers remain on allocation for '23. For small ag and turf, industry demand is estimated to be flat to down 5%. The dairy and livestock segment remain steady. However, demand for products more correlated to the general economy, such as compact utility tractors and turf equipment is softening. Shifting to Europe. The industry is forecast to be flat to up 5%. Farm fundamentals in the region are generally stable since small grain prices continue to outpace input inflation. Meanwhile, supply constraints in 2022 are extending the equipment replacement into 2023.  In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to be flat to up 5%, moderated by supply chain constraints. The region remains one of the stronger end markets, especially in Brazil, where they are forecasting record production and strong profitability for the year. Industry sales in Asia are projected to be down moderately as India, the world's largest tractor market by unit stabilizes after record highs in 2021.  Turning now to our segment forecast on Slide 8. We anticipate production and precision ag net sales to be up between 15% and 20% in fiscal year '23. The forecast assumes approximately 11 points of positive price realization and 1 point of negative currency translation. For the segment's operating margin, our full year forecast is between 22% and 23%.  Slide 9 shows our forecast for the small ag and turf segment. We expect fiscal year '23 net sales to be flat to up 5%. This guidance includes about 7 points of positive price realization, partially offset by 2 points of unfavorable currency impact. After accounting for the effects of price and FX, the guide implies a slight volume decrease due to softening in certain product segments. The segment's operating margin is projected to be between 14.5% and 15.5%.  Turning to construction and forestry on Slide 10, price realization and higher shipment volumes both contributed to a 20% increase in net sales for the quarter to $3.373 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by nearly 13 points. This was partially offset by almost 5 points of negative currency translation. Operating profit increased to $414 million, resulting in a 12% operating margin. Favorable price realization and higher shipment volumes more than offset higher production costs during the quarter. Segment quarterly results were also negatively impacted by 1.5 points of margin due to higher reserves on the remaining assets in Russia. Now I'll cover our 2023 construction and forestry industry outlook on Slide 11. Industry sales of both earthmoving and compact construction equipment in North America are expected to be flat to up 5%. End markets overall are expected to remain steady as oil and gas, U.S. infrastructure spend and CapEx programs from the independent rental companies offset moderation in the residential sector. Global forestry markets are expected to be flat as stronger European demand continues to be limited by the industry's ability to produce and demand in North America begins to subdue. Global roadbuilding markets are also expected to be flat. Demand remains strongest in the Americas, while Europe is softening and Asia remains sluggish.  Our C&F segment outlook is on Slide 12. 2023 net sales are forecasted to be up around 10%. Our net sales guidance for the year includes about 8 points of positive price realization and just over 1 point of negative currency translation. The segment's operating margin is projected to be 15.5% to 16.5%. Note, fiscal year '22 operating margin would have been 14.5%, excluding special items, such as the onetime gain from the remeasurement of the Deere-Hitachi assets. Let's transition to our financial services operation on Slide 13. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was slightly higher in the fourth quarter year-over-year, mainly due to income earned on a higher average portfolio, partially offset by less favorable financing spreads. The provision for credit loss increased, reflecting economic uncertainty in Russia. Financial services received an intercompany benefit from the equipment operations, which guarantees investments in certain international markets, including Russia. For fiscal year 2023, the net income forecast is $900 million. Results are expected to be slightly higher year-over-year primarily due to income earned on a higher average portfolio. The portfolio has continued to grow in line with growth in the equipment operations. Overall, Financial Services is expected to continue to deliver steady results.  Credit loss provisions, lease return rates and past dues all remain in good shape, reflecting sound balance sheets for our customers.  Slide 14 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year '23, our full year net income forecast is a range of $8 billion to $8.5 billion. We expect favorable price realization and higher volumes to more than offset increased spend. Next, our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate between 23% and 25%. And lastly, cash flow from equipment operations is projected to be between $9 billion and $9.5 billion. Before we transition to Q&A, John, I'd like to thank you for joining us today. Do you have anything you'd like to add?
John May : Yes. Thanks, Rachel. First, I want to recognize all of our dedicated employees, dealers and suppliers. Fiscal year 2022 was another unprecedented year in several ways. We started the year in a work stoppage at some of our largest U.S. factories, but we resolved that with a groundbreaking industry-leading new contract, then supply and logistics hurdles created disruption and constrained our production worldwide. At times, deliveries were delayed as demand simply outstripped what the industry could supply. Our operations folks worked tirelessly to get equipment shipped to our dealers and customers. The team overcame disruptions from part shortages and delays to the clearing of partially completed machines to meet our customers' needs. In the last half of the year, and particularly here in the fourth quarter, we executed to our plans, saw a substantial lift in production and outpaced the industry production and retail sales. This resulted in our highest revenue and margin quarter for the year. It proves what we've known all along, that we've got the best factory teams in the industry, and I'm extremely proud of their efforts and resilience. As I look ahead to fiscal year 2023 and beyond, I truly believe our best years are still ahead of us. In the near term, order books across our businesses are full into the third quarter. And it's important to note that not only do the order books continue to fill when we open them, but the velocity of orders has remained strong. We opened North American combined EOP back in August. Like our crop care EOP, it was on an allocations but it filled in 2 months. That's noteworthy because we normally have the EOP open for five to six months. And since our order books are still on allocation for retail sales, we have yet to begin replenishing dealer inventory.  And as we continue to make progress on our Smart Industrial strategy and Leap Ambitions, I'm even more confident and our ability to unlock immense value for our customers. When you integrate the industry's best equipment with cutting-edge technology and a world-class dealer channel, it's powerful and it's exciting. We already have solutions in fields and on work sites, and we are bringing more solutions to the market that will make our customers a lot more productive, a lot more profitable and help them do the jobs they do in a much more environmentally sustainable way.
Rachel Bach: Great. Thanks, John. Now we know there are some -- likely some common topics of interest, so let's dig into those before opening the line for Q&A. First, I'd like to take some time to look more closely at the macro environment and some of the fundamentals for each of our segments. Let's start with production and precision ag. We're forecasting the industry to be up 5% to 10%. Brent, there's a lot going on there in terms of what is driving that growth. Can you unpack a little for us?
Brent Norwood: Sure. There's a few things going on I'd like to point out, Rachel. Stocks-to-use ratios for key grains still remain very, very low, while exports from the Black Sea region are expected to be down about 40%. So it's going to take a couple of growing seasons to ease the tight supply and this should help support commodity prices in the interim.  While crop prices may have come down a little bit since the summer, they remain at levels where our customers still have healthy profits despite some of the higher input costs they're facing.  Finally, the industry has not been able to meet demand due to supply chain constraints and demand continues to outpace supply. And we see that in how quickly our order books fill up and historically low dealer inventory of both new and used equipment. It's also evident in the fleet age, which is well above average.
Rachel Bach: All right. So fundamentals remain solid, but weather, geopolitical tensions and broader economic conditions may be weighing on our customers' minds.
Brent Norwood: Yes, that's absolutely true, Rachel, and we recognize that. But our order books really serve as the best indicator though. Not only are they extending into the third quarter of 2023, but the velocity in which they fill remains really encouraging for us. Recall that our order books are still on an allocation basis when those orders ship, they generally retail right away and almost all of those machines have a customer's name on them when they go down the production line. Remember that our dealer inventories still need to be replenished. Four-wheel drive inventory to sales ratios are at 10%, while 220-plus horsepower tractors are at 12%. And those numbers might even be a little bit overstated because our dealers are working through all of those fourth quarter shipments right now, and they're still delivering them to customers. Also of note, our guidance does assume that we build to retail demand. So any dealer inventory replenishment will likely be pushed to 2024.  Additionally, I would like to point out that the 2023 North America large ag volumes will be 20% to 25% lower than the five-year average volume from the 2010 to 2014 replacement cycle. This is clear if you look at the AEM data our revenues are higher because we've increased our value per machine for our customers through precision ag solutions. But volumes are still rather modest when compared to the entire replacement period of that five years of 2010 to 2014.
John May: Yes, Brent, I have a few things to add here. This last year, I've been out meeting with dealers on a regular basis. And I often hear them telling me that they're not able to quote every customer who wants to place an order because we're still constrained by the supply base and on an allocation basis. So clearly, more demand -- there's more demand for our equipment. And this replacement cycle will have an extended duration. I am confident we will produce more large ag equipment in 2023 than we did in 2022, and not just more equipment but more value per machine. Our production system approach has us laser-focused on the customer and unlocking more value for them. This will increase the value per machine even more.
Rachel Bach: All right. Let's move on now to small ag and turf. This division has the most diverse end markets of any of our segments. Josh, can you elaborate more on how we're viewing those different markets? 
Josh Jepsen: Sure. There are definitely different macro drivers when you break down the segment a bit further. If we begin with small ag, supply of meat and dairy products has remained tight, which has helped prices remain elevated. And as a result, livestock and dairy margins remain above historical averages. Additionally, dealer inventory to sales ratios for midsized tractors are below levels -- below normal levels as demand has continued to outstrip supply. So this part of SAT has remained stable and resilient. A good proof point here is that the order book for our midsized tractors built in Mannheim, Germany is about 70% full, taking us well into the third quarter of fiscal '23. On the other hand, turf and utility equipment as well as compact utility tractors are more closely correlated to the general economy and somewhat specifically to housing. So we've seen some softening there. Channel inventory remains low, especially for turf, buffering our shipments to some extent. But we're monitoring inventory closely so that we can react if demand pulls back and forth. We don't intend to let inventory climb to pre-pandemic levels here.
Rachel Bach: All right. That's helpful. Thanks, Josh. Let's shift now to C&F. The last few years of demand were largely driven by housing. So how is that segment housing starts. Brent, can you talk through that?
Brent Norwood : You bet, Rachel. So on one hand, we have seen some softening in housing while non-res building projects have continued to decline a little bit. On the other hand, oil and gas CapEx has been very steady with rig counts projected to be up next year. And U.S. infrastructure is beginning to show some promise going into 2023, which is especially important for Wirtgen. In addition to that, both dealer-owned rental channel and the independent players have significant refleeting programs going into 2023. So all in all, we're seeing a shift in the composition of demand drivers for that business, less housing, but more than offset by rental infrastructure and oil and gas.
John May : Brent, I'd like to add that C&F dealer inventory, as with other parts of our business is historically low and needs to be replenished but we're currently focusing on retail demand and our order books are close to 70% full.
Rachel Bach: All good insight into the various industries and market dynamics and it's all factored into our net sales guidance for the full year. To recap, common themes across our businesses, our order books are strong, but still on allocation. We're focused on meeting pent-up retail demand, and we still need to replenish channel inventory possibly late 2023, but more likely into 2024.  Brent, can you talk about what all this means for our '23 production schedule?
Brent Norwood : Sure. So this past year, we did not have our normal seasonality. And we had the work stoppage at the beginning of the first quarter, and we had experienced the worst of the supply chain issues as we tried to ramp up more during the second quarter. So we played catch up later in the year, resulting in a significantly more back half-weighted 2022. In fact, we ended up producing more in each successive quarter throughout the year with the fourth quarter being the high point. We achieved our highest daily production rates in the fourth quarter, and we plan to keep those higher daily rates going into the first quarter of 2023. Now while line rates remain at those higher levels, there will be some key differences in sequential revenue though. First, there are about 15% less production days in the first quarter due to the holiday season. So expect revenue for small ag and turf and C&F to drop by about 15% sequentially in the first quarter of 2023 when compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Our PPA factories will have another 5% to 10% fewer production days due to some model year changeovers, maintenance, training and supplier recovery. So in total, production and precision ag production time will decrease by 20% to 25% in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Now also keep in mind that PPA benefited from clearing about $400 million of partially completed machines from inventory in the fourth quarter. So that benefit won't repeat in the first quarter. So we likely won't get back to a similar level of 4Q revenue until the second quarter of 2023.
John May: Yes. This is John. Brent, I want to reiterate something you said while sequentially, the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter will be lower, however, year-over-year production will be higher in the first quarter. We aren't starting the year out behind, so we'll have more production in the first half of 2023 than we did in the first half of 2022.
Rachel Bach: That's helpful. Let's switch gears now to the supply chain. We've taken steps to try to mitigate risk, but the supply base remains fragile. We do see pockets improving, but at a slow pace and certainly not to pre-pandemic levels that we would consider to be a healthier supply chain. So our guide does not assume significant improvement or deterioration in 2023. Josh, can you elaborate on our production costs included in the forecast?
Josh Jepsen: As it relates to production costs in '23, there are a few puts and takes. Certain raw materials like hot-rolled coil steel are easing, as you can see in some of the different indices. Also, we expect the need for premium freight to subside next year.  On the other hand, labor and energy costs will increase. That's not only impacting us directly but also our suppliers, so we continue to see increased cost for purchase components as well. Additionally, as you mentioned, we're seeing pockets of improvement in the supply chain, but it remains fragile. So we're not assuming that our operations return to normal levels of productivity and efficiency in our forecast. With the different ups and downs, our guide assumes a net increase in production costs in 2023, but we fully expect this to be offset by price realization and anticipate the full year being price production cost positive.
Rachel Bach: Thank you for that. And before we open the line for other questions, Josh, can you talk briefly about the use of cash priorities and capital allocation in 2023?
Josh Jepsen: Sure. Simply put, they remain unchanged. We're happy with our liquidity position to maintain our single A credit rating and fund our business. Our guide considers an increase in R&D and CapEx as we continue to progress on strategic projects building upon the tech stack and unlocking more value for our customers. Next, the dividend. We increased it 8% in fiscal year '22. And it's worth noting that over the last two years, we've increased it nearly 50%.  Finally, share repurchase. We purchased over $1 billion of shares in the fourth quarter for a total of $3.6 billion for fiscal year '22, and we have an opportunity to continue that trajectory heading into fiscal '23. So all in all, we're in a great position to grow our business execute on our Leap Ambitions and continue to return cash to shareholders.
Rachel Bach: Thanks, Josh. Brent, let's see what other questions our investors have.
Brent Norwood: Now we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you re-join the queue. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Thein of Citigroup.
Tim Thein: Maybe just circling back, Josh, on your comments there as to the full year, the expectations for price to be in excess of production costs. Obviously, a lot going on from a year-over-year standpoint just given how the comps kind of will play out, is there any more kind of help that you can give in terms of -- does that -- would you expect that spread to grow as we move through the year and thus the margin benefit is more back-half weighted or maybe not just because of how costs are trending? Maybe just any more kind of more on a quarterly basis, any more help you can give on that?
Brent Norwood : Tim, this is Brent. Thanks for the question. As we look out to next year, we probably see a little bit of a different quarterly cadence than what you experienced in 2022. If I do a look back on this last year, we saw our most challenging price/cost quarters in the first half of the year. In fact, that compare got better as we got through each of the quarters with the fourth quarter being the most positive from a price relative to production cost perspective. As we look out to 2023, I think you'll see a very different cadence there. We intend to be price/cost positive on a much more even basis throughout all of the quarters. You'll probably see the strongest price performance for us really earlier in the year just as the compares are most favorable.  And then in the back half of the year as some of those price compares get a little harder production cost compares maybe get a little bit easier in the back half of the year. So I would expect for next year just more even cadence throughout the course of the year as we compare price to overall production cost.
Josh Jepsen : Tim, one other thing. I mentioned this earlier in the prepared comments, but we have not forecast a return to normal productivity and efficiency in our factories. So as it relates to the overhead inefficiencies we saw in '22. To the extent we see more stability in supply chain, the ability to operate more in line with our plans through the year. There could be some benefit there. But at this point, we haven't pulled that into the forecast. We need to see that stability first.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber of Wells Fargo Securities.
Seth Weber: Josh, I think you mentioned the $400 million of inventory that you cleared in the fourth quarter. Can you just frame for us what's still to come? I mean, is first quarter like an equivalent amount? And do you expect that to be largely done by, call it, the first half? Or just how should we be thinking about the inventory that's kind of sitting around waiting for parts or materials?
Brent Norwood: We have made a lot of progress on the partially completed machines. We've had in inventory since the second quarter. That's really where we saw that figure peak. We took down about 1/3 of that over the course of the first quarter, and then we took another $400 million down in the fourth quarter. I would say the level of partially completed inventory within the system right now is running at a much more normalized level. I mean there's always some level of partially completed machines kind of within our working capital system. So it's much more normalized right now. The benefit that you saw in the fourth quarter is not going to repeat in the first quarter really at any other time, I think, in 2023, assuming we don't build more inventory of partially completed machine. So I would say, by and large, the tailwind from that has largely been completed in the fourth quarter.
Josh Jepsen : Yes, Seth, this is Josh. Maybe importantly, too, our intent in our factories is to not have partially completed machines and build and have to take things offline and bring them back because of the inefficiencies and disruptions that drives. So the intent is to run much more linearly with our plans and not create as much of this rework that has to happen because it does drive a lot of disruption in the factory.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Nice quarter and happy Thanksgiving. I guess my question was there -- you talked about the order book being full through the third quarter. Was there any difference by geography within large ag? And sort of when do you expect to open the order book up again so that you'll have visibility through - the visibility through the full year? And then my second question, sorry, just on the production in large ag. Given what you said about production in the first half, I'm trying to think about the second half of the year. Does that imply just with your sales forecast by the fourth quarter sales could be down a little marginally just based on my back of the envelope math, but just trying to understand production cadence.
Brent Norwood: Jamie, thanks for the question. I'll start on the order book. As we noted, we're running about kind of 70% full for next year. It varies a little bit by product line, things like combines were effectively sold out for the entire year. In North America, the tractor order book is, I think, 2/3 full. If I move to Europe, that's 70% full for Mannheim, 65% pool for combines. So pretty similar, I think, across those two geographies. Brazil is the one that we manage a little bit differently than the other two. We run that at about a three-month window just so that we have a little more flexibility with respect to pricing. That market tends to be a little dynamic with both FX and inflation can change quarter-to-quarter. So we're holding that order book in a little bit tighter than North America and Europe. And we've been executing that strategy for two years. We've been really successful there. I think managing price a little more dynamically in that region. I think going forward, you expect us for the remaining order book that's left in North America and Europe, to manage it on a rolling six-month window, in front of us. So as we get to the first quarter, we should have pretty good visibility on the rest of the year with just a few slots left available.  As it relates to sort of the production cadence in the year. As we noted, first quarter we'll have just less production days, but we'll continue at those higher line rates. That will put quite a bit of production in the second quarter to give us a much better start to the first half of the year in '23 as we had -- than we had in '22, as John noted earlier, probably just maybe a little less than 50% of the production will happen in the first half. So I think when you look first half, second half, you're not going to see as big a differential in the splits when you compare it back to 2022.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann of Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann : My question is on how we should think about increasing interest rates, both with respect to kind of the impact on your finance company, but also what you're seeing relative to kind of how customers are reacting to higher financing rates as well?
Brent Norwood : Hey, Steve, good morning. Well, I'll start with the question on the customer first, and we can talk about John Deere Financial. I think the impact to the customer maybe varies a little bit depending on what customer segment we're talking about. Historically, the customer segment most sensitive to interest rates, is the customer segment for more of our consumer-facing products. So I think compact utility tractors and turf products tend to be a little more reliant on low interest rate financing. I think what you'll see as we progress through 2023. You may see a little more discount or incentive spend from the equipment operations on things like rate buy downs, but that's where we see the most sensitivity historically. When we look at large ag, interest costs overall are a relatively small portion of their P&L, that's not to say there's no sensitivity there, but it tends to be just a little less sensitive than maybe other customer segments that we have. And I think the good news for 2023 is that customer balance sheets are really in incredible shape right now. Over the course of 2022, we actually saw lower penetration rates at John Deere Financial because customers were using more cash to finance that acquisition. So that just speaks to not necessarily their sensitivity to interest rates, but more on just a strong balance sheet position that they're in going into 2023. From a John Deere Financial perspective, we run a match funded book there. So as our cost of borrowing goes up, that will take the forum and higher cost to our customers. We tend to manage that book in a way so that you don't see a lot of spread degradation because we manage those interest rates pretty closely and that match funded book. So I wouldn't say you'll see a big impact to profitability there. You'll see higher interest income and higher interest expense going into 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stanley Elliott of Stifel.
Stanley Elliott : Can you talk a little bit about the road construction business in North America? Obviously, we've got a lot of moneys coming IIJA. Do you think that the roadbuilding business gets front loaded on that? Should it be continuous over this period of time when you think about kind of like a five-year plus sort of horizon?
Brent Norwood : Yes, we are we are definitely seeing higher levels of demand in North America for Wirtgen. So if we kind of go across the different geographies, Wirtgen operating in right now, by far and away, the strongest are in North America, followed by South America. Europe is starting to ease a little bit. And to your point, I mean, we're really just now starting to see the benefit from infrastructure going into '23. So I think that probably grows for Wirtgen over the course of the year and continues to strengthen that market. Importantly, North America right now is really strong mix for Wirtgen. I think about our manufacturing footprint, which is primarily German based. So the FX rate is actually really favorable for a strong North American market.
John May : Yes. Maybe to add to that, Brent, we just completed the bauma show, and we had really, really strong bauma order activity it was actually higher versus 2019. So the demand is strong and customers are buying new equipment and new technologies in order to serve their customers.
Brent Norwood : Maybe just one other thing to add to that. As we ended 2022, we had the strongest margin performance for Wirtgen that we've seen since we've owned that business. So we continue to be pleased with the progress of the acquisition and the synergies that we've integrated in over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tami Zakaria of JPMorgan.
Tami Zakaria : Given there were some one-off items this year, taking those out, can you just confirm what kind of core incremental margins you're expecting in each of your segments in 2023?
Brent Norwood : Yes. Absolutely. Good morning, Tami. We can talk through that. We did have a few special items in the year on the construction side, the onetime gain on the Deere-Hitachi deal as well as some Russia impairment. When we look at incrementals for next year, a couple of things to keep in mind. One, it's really still a very dynamic operating environment that we're in. We are still seeing some production costs running higher, right? Labor, energy. A lot of our purchase components are all going to be higher. Some of that is getting offset by decreases in raw materials and freight. But all in all, we could see mid production costs increased by mid-single digits next year. We're also going to see a little more higher SA&G and R&D in the year as well. Now we're getting the price to offset that and enough to put us back in line with historical incrementals at Deere. So I think even once you adjust for some of those onetime items, you'll see incremental margins sort of commensurate with what we've done traditionally or maybe even just a tad higher.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Tami, it's Josh. One thing to add there is, I think what's important too is probably a bit above historically what we've done on the incremental side when you take out some of the onetime items. But we're also investing pretty heavily in executing on this future of where we're headed. And thinking about the Leap Ambitions and some of the business model transformation that we're working through that are going to -- as we deliver that, create more value for customers, to dampen cyclicality and create a more resilient business. So there's -- embedded in here is investment in strategic projects to deliver on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Elkott of Cowen.
Matt Elkott: Brent, and I think, John, you mentioned that a little less than 50% of production will come in the first half. Given the fact that you guys have more of a tailwind for pricing in the first half and more of a tailwind from subsiding costs in the second half does ultimately the earnings cadence basically just follow the production cadence for the year?
Brent Norwood : Matt, with respect to the earnings cadence, I think that's probably a fair assessment that you'll see. You'll see earnings cadence, sort of follow that production ramp that you just outlined there and sort of the puts and takes between higher price in the first half of the year, lower production costs in the back half of the year. So I think those sort of net out a little bit. And really, you can just I think, factor in some of those traditional incrementals as you apply them to the varying production rates throughout the course of the year.
Josh Jepsen : Yes, Matt, it's Josh. Maybe one thing to point out. It's been a while since we've had a year that followed a typical trend for seasonality. And I think this this year, '23 probably returns a bit more to that, where you see higher levels of both sales and margin in 2Q, 3Q, which is much more traditional to what we've done in the past.
John May : Maybe just to add to Brent and Josh's comments, we're much -- very much focused on getting off to a strong start in 2023 and getting our machines delivered to our customers. really, the bottom line, I think, for you all to take away is, we won't be as back-end loaded in '23 as we were in 2022, and we're doing everything to keep up just the outstanding production progress that you saw in the fourth quarter, and we believe we'll be able to continue with that execution into the first and second quarter of 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could just talk about Precision Ag. Can you just update us on Blue River we're talking to folks that are seeing pricing in the mid- to high single digit dollars per acre range for the subscription. I'm wondering if you could comment if that's representative of the pricing points. And I believe you folks planned on full rate production year two of commercial availability. I'm wondering, is that still the plan for 2024 at this point?
Brent Norwood : Just a couple of high-level comments on Precision, and we can dive in to Autonomy and See & Spray after that. But overall, we're seeing kind of higher take rates for a lot of our existing technologies that have been in the market for the last couple of years, I would say anywhere from 5% to 10% higher take rates in 2023. So we're super encouraged by that. Technologies like ExactEmerge and ExactApply continue to do well, continue to penetrate the market further. Also notably, some of the newer technologies that we've had, like ExactRate or the CH950 have also made really good inroads as we start filling out the order book for next year. I think for ExactRate, we're almost double the take rate almost 20% going into next year.  Now as you noted, we're also very focused on some of these next-gen technologies like See & Spray, like Autonomy. And those two technologies carry with them more recurring revenue opportunity than we've had in the past. So we've been super encouraged by putting this out with customers. We've done it on a limited basis. But these are paying customers, and they are adapting to the new business model, and that's part of the learnings that we've had over the course of the summer. And then in the fall, we were running autonomous paid acres over the fall. The vast majority of our customers have really accepted the model, and we're really encouraged by that. We're going to get a little bit smarter and tighten that up as we go into 2023, which will be a second year of a limited production release there.
John May: Yes, Brent, just to add to that, I think an important comment that underscores why this is happening and why we're seeing these strong take rates is the current environment underscores the need for precision challenges of our customers are definitely more acute than they've ever, ever been and the need for our customers to do more with less is greater than it's been in the past, especially when you consider all the rising input costs, not just labor scarcity, but lack of skilled labor. So precision ag is the best solution to help them solve these very, very difficult problems. We're more confident today in our opportunity to create value for our customers through our identified $150 billion of IAM, and we're going to continue to prioritize our investments towards the technologies and solutions that unlock that value. And Josh indicated earlier on. This year, we're spending more than we ever have in the past to create those new products, new solutions, and that's going to have a big benefit in future years.
Josh Jepsen : Great point, John. Maybe one thing I'd add there is we've also made a change to our dealer pay for performance. So we're including precision ag execution in that pay for performance. And that's a really important step as we think about continuing to drive the outcomes that we wanted to deliver and really a shift from adoption to utilization to make sure we're delivering on that and we're showing and demonstrating the incremental addressable unlock that we can create, which we think is differentiated for Deere.
Operator: The next question comes from Nicole DeBlase of Deutsche Bank. 
Nicole DeBlase : Just maybe asking a quick one on pricing. With the price guidance that you guys have embedded, is that all price carryover? Or are you embedding another annual increase as per like a return to normal in 2023? And how has the customer response been to pricing?
Brent Norwood : So with respect to price, you're picking up a little bit of both. I mean there's definitely some carryover from 2022. Particularly, we had a lot more -- a lot higher pricing in the back half of 2022. So you're going to see those compares be a little bit higher in the first half of 2023. But there were additional list price increases for the 2023 order book. So it's going to be a combination of both. I think with respect to the elasticity of demand, we haven't seen a drop off in demand yet. As we noted, we've had to put ceilings in on all of our order books, which right now, demand just continues to outstrip supply. And as John noted earlier in his comments, the velocity of those orders hasn't slowed at all as we've paced through the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre of Baird.
Mircea Dobre: I want to go back to the discussion on precision ag, if we can. And I'm sort of curious here, the Autonomy product suite, how are you -- how has your thinking evolved in terms of the way you're commercializing this portion of the business and the progress that you've made towards bringing this to actually become the mainstream product. Is that a 2024 timeframe, 2025? And I'm curious for the customers that are buying 8R tractors now do they have the option to get this feature as a mass product?
Brent Norwood: Great question on Autonomy. So right now, our autonomy is being rolled out on a limited basis. So it's not available to every single customer. 2023 will be another year where we'll have a limited commercialized rollout of Autonomy. I think what's changing a little bit with our mindset around precision, really two things. One, this is the type of technology that we think lends itself really well to a per acre type of monetization model which is different than our historical point-of-sale model for most of our products and solutions. . So we're getting an opportunity to roll that out with customers. And what we're learning is how customers consume our solutions differs among the customer base. I think they've actually really enjoyed the variable cost aspect because what we're seeing is customers use Autonomy, a bit of a hybrid role or a hybrid model. They're driving their tractor some. They're putting on autonomy mode overnight to get the job done while they sleep. And so that allows them to really pay just for the part of the product that they use.  I think the other thing that's really important with the rollout of Autonomy is -- and this is a little bit different than what you've seen in the past. We will roll out this technology, really retrofit first or field kit first as opposed to most of our technologies have gone factory installed first. So I think you're going to see a little bit of a shift in some of these next-generation technologies, both in terms of the business model that we apply to it, giving us some opportunities for recurring revenue, but also more of an emphasis on field kit opportunities or retrofit opportunities at the onset of some of these technologies.
John May : Yes, Brent, just to add to that, a couple of things I think are important. First of all, our experience with customers this fall really reinforced our view on the very real challenges our customers are facing with respect to labor, labor availability and the value of hitting that agronomic window. So with limited skilled labor, the downside effect to it is not hitting the agronomic window and then having an impact on yield. So having the machine running when it needs to run was very critical to our customers. Also, as you mentioned, the customer acceptance of the per acre model was really, really good. And one evidence of that is every single customer that use this product in this fall have signed up to use it in the spring. So really, really important. Last thing I want to leave you with is, when you think of Autonomy, I want you to start thinking about autonomy and automation. And this is just one major productivity unlock an entire production system. And if you remember, as part of our Leap Ambitions, we're committing to have a total autonomy and automation solution for corn and soy in the U.S. We want to unlock all of this value for our customers. And what we've been doing here the last couple of years is proving out, this is technically possible, and I am really excited about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry De Maria of William Blair.
Larry De Maria: Good morning and nice start, Josh. So staying on that topic a little bit, you continue to obviously put price and value per machine, but it's getting harder to pencil out for the midsized farmers, and forcing more scale needed in the industry. So ultimately, I'm wondering if we're getting towards the upper limits of what the growers can handle and will accept in terms of price, maybe -- do you think they need to break maybe into 24 and or perhaps this is moving us closer towards a broader per acre model beyond just your Autonomy quicker?
Josh Jepsen : Larry, it's Josh. Thanks for the question. I think the opportunity we have in front of us here is -- and John and Brent just mentioned this as a retrofit, and the ability to go back across the installed base and upgrade and improve productivity and technology without requiring a completely new machine. So I think that is differentiated solution than we've had in the past and also allows for relative value based on whether it's size of farm, particularly if you're paying on more of a per use per acre basis. So we think that's a significant component to unlocking that value for our customers and allows the technology to cover more acres as we go through the field.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Joyner of BMO Capital Markets. 
John Joyner : Feels like eating dessert first with your results here. So -- and this should be quick. I mean just following up on Mig and Larry's question. When you think about the per-acre model, I mean, does this ultimately become a kind of take it or leave it decision for producers such that if you want to get Autonomy, if you wanted to have See & Spray, then you have to have the subscription, otherwise, you don't get it?
Josh Jepsen : Yes. I think the -- John, thanks for your question. I think the opportunities do retrofit gives you some optionality to whether or not you want to leverage it. I think what we're seeing from customers having it and having the opportunity or the optionality to engage is really important. And we've seen this, whether it's with See & Spray or Autonomy, there are different trade-offs that customers will make, whether it's timing, whether it's field conditions, whether it's labor availability, something creating optionality is really, really critical and really providing an opportunity for more scale skilled use of these technologies across greater acreage and farm sizes.
John May : Josh, I think it's also important to talk about what our goal here is with each one of these technologies. Our goal is to develop technologies that are targeted at the greatest problems that our customers have with the and/or the outcome being by using John Deere technology, you as the customer will be more profitable because it will minimize your inputs you're going to be more productive because of the case of Autonomy, when we might take somebody out of the cab or other technologies. And you're going to do the jobs you do in a more environmentally sustainable way. That's really good for our business. It's good for our business long term regardless of where we are in any given cycle. Customers are going to buy these technologies to improve their profitability.
Operator: The next question comes from David Raso of Evercore ISI.
David Raso : I was curious about the comment you made about the inability to raise your dealer inventory through '23. Obviously, that's very encouraging for your build schedule for '24. Can you give us a sense of what percent below normal? Do you see your dealer inventory exiting '23?
Brent Norwood : Yes. Thanks for the question, David. With respect to dealer inventory -- and I'll talk kind of both new and used here. I know your question is more around new. For high horsepower equipment, on four-wheel drives, we're at 10% inventory to sales. High-horsepower two-wheel-drive tractors are 12%. Historically, that would be 25% to 30% IS ratios there. Combines are especially low, although that's a bit seasonal. Those are always -- that always in the year pretty low post harvest. But that gives you an idea of sort of the magnitude of the increase we need to see in the channel going forward into 2024.
Brent Norwood: And with that, we'll wrap up the call. We appreciate everyone's time and hope you all have a great Thanksgiving.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time. Thank you, and have a good day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-08-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Brent Norwood, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Brent Norwood: Hello. Also on the call today are Cory Reed, President of Worldwide Production & Precision Ag; Raj Kalathur, Chief Financial Officer and President of John Deere Financial; Josh Jepsen, Deputy Financial Officer; and Rachel Bach, Manager of Investor Communications. Today, well take a closer look at Deeres third quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal year 2022. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I will now turn the call over to Rachel Bach.
Rachel Bach: Thanks, Brent. Good morning. John Deere achieved higher production rates in the third quarter, resulting in 25% increase in net sales despite ongoing supply challenges. Financial results for the quarter included an 18% margin for the equipment operations. Ag fundamentals remain solid with our order books beginning to fill for model year 23 products, reflecting continued healthy demand as we look ahead. The construction and forestry markets also continue to benefit from demand, contributing to the divisions strong performance in the quarter. Similarly, order books are now extending into 2023, providing visibility into the New Year. Slide 3 shows the results for the second quarter. Net sales and revenues were up 22% to $14.1 billion while net sales for the equipment operations were up 25% to $13 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $1.884 billion or $6.16 per diluted share. Looking at results by segment, beginning with our Production & Precision Ag business on slide 4. Net sales of $6.096 billion were up 43% compared to the third quarter last year, largely due to higher production and shipment volumes. Price realization in the quarter was positive by about 15 points, whereas currency translation was negative by about 4 points. Operating profit was $1.293 billion, resulting in a 21% operating margin for the segment. The year-over-year increase in operating profit was primarily due to price realization and higher shipment volumes, partially offset by higher production costs and higher SA&G and R&D spend. The production costs were mostly elevated material and freight. Overhead spend was also higher for the period as persistent supply challenges continued to cause production inefficiencies. Despite these challenges, factories were able to achieve higher rates of production and made progress on reducing the number of partially completed machines in inventory. Our factories are focused on finishing and shipping the remaining machines in the fourth quarter which will help our progress toward restoring productivity and efficiencies going into next year. The increased SA&G and R&D spend reflects our continued development of our technology stack and our progress on our LEAP ambitions, both of which will unlock additional value for our customers. Next Small Ag & Turf on slide 5. Net sales were up 16%, totaling $3.635 billion in the third quarter due to higher shipment volumes and price realization more than offsetting negative currency translation. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 10 points while currency translation was negative by over 4 points. For the quarter, operating profit was down year-over-year at $552 million, resulting in a 15% operating margin. The decreased profit was primarily due to higher production costs, specifically materials, offset by price realization. Turning now to the industry outlook on slide 6. We expect U.S. and Canada industry sales of large ag equipment to be up around 15%. While the industry continues to be constrained by supply, demand remains robust and our guidance assumes a heavier back-end loaded year for industry retail. Relative to the industry, weve had our strongest results in high horsepower row crop tractors, and we plan to end the year approaching our highest market share on record. Our order books for the remainder of the current fiscal year are full, and we see signs of robust demand into 2023 with some order books already full through the first half of next year. Small Ag & Turf industry demand continues to be estimated generally flat this year. While we see steadiness from our hay and forage segment, consumer products such as contact utility tractors and turf equipment, are down due to supply constraints, low turf inventory and moderating demand. Moving on to Europe. The industry is forecasted to be roughly flat, despite solid demand. While supply constraints and operating challenges are affecting the industry, we expect to finish the year with higher shipments and market share gains. In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to increase by about 10% to 15%. Despite the low trend crop yields due to inclement weather, customers are very profitable this year, benefiting from high commodity prices. Industry sales in Asia are still forecasted to be down moderately as India, the worlds largest tractor market by unit, has moderated from record volumes achieved in 2021. Moving on to our segment forecast on slide 7. Production & Precision Ag net sales continue to be forecasted up between 25% and 30% in fiscal year 22. The forecast assumes nearly 14 points of positive price realization for the full year, which will allow us to be price/cost positive for the fiscal year. This is partially offset by roughly 2 points of currency headwind. For the segments operating margin, our full year forecast is between 20% and 21%. The forecast reflects higher costs for material and freight inflation as well as the elevated overheads associated with the supply constraints that have introduced a number of factory inefficiencies this year. Slide 8 shows our forecast for the Small Ag & Turf segment. We now expect fiscal year 22 net sales to be up in the range of 10% to 15%. This guidance includes over 9 points of positive price realization, partially offset by 3 points of unfavorable currency impact. The segments operating margin is now forecasted between 14% and 15%. The margin guidance reflects higher material costs and lower expectations for volume as small engine availability has been especially challenging. Price/cost remains neutral for the year. Changing to Construction & Forestry on slide 9. For the quarter, net sales of $3.269 billion were up 8% due to price realization. Operating profit increased year-over-year to $514 million, resulting in a 16% operating margin. Favorable price realization offset higher production costs during the quarter. The production costs were mainly a result of elevated material and freight as well as higher overhead spend. Now, lets take a look at our 2022 Construction & Forestry industry outlook on slide 10. Industry sales of earthmoving equipment in North America are expected to be up approximately 10%, while the compact construction market is forecasted to be flat to down 5%. Though demand remains strong for compact construction products, the downward revision reflects extremely low levels of inventory and supply challenges constraining shipments. End markets for earthmoving are expected to remain strong as oil and gas activities remain steady, U.S. infrastructure spend begins to ramp and CapEx programs from the independent rental companies drive re-fleeting efforts. Housing starts have moderated though still remain elevated versus historical levels. Additionally, record low levels of new and used equipment will dampen any slowdown. In forestry, we now expect the industry to be flat to down 5%, primarily due to supply constraining the ability to meet demand. Global road-building markets are expected to be flat to up 5%. Road building demand remains strongest in the Americas while China and Russia markets are down significantly. The C&F segment is on slide 11. Deeres Construction & Forestry 2022 net sales are forecasted to be up around 10%. Our net sales guidance for the year includes about 10 points of positive price realization and 3 points of negative currency impact. The segments operating margin outlook remains at a range of 15.5% to 16.5%. Shifting over to our Financial Services operations on slide 12. Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the third quarter was $209 million. This is a slight decrease compared to the third quarter last year due to unfavorable discrete income tax adjustments, a higher provision for credit losses and lower gains on operating lease residual values. These were partially offset by income earned on a higher average portfolio. For fiscal year 22, we maintain our net income outlook at $870 million, slightly lower than fiscal year 21 due to a higher provision for credit losses, less favorable financing spreads and higher SA&G. The higher provisions for credit losses are primarily related to Russia. The segment is expected to continue to benefit from income earned on higher average portfolio balance. Overall, Financial Services continues to deliver steady results. Credit loss provisions, lease return rates and past dues are all in good shape, reflecting the solid balance sheet for our customers. Slide 13 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year 22, we adjusted our outlook for net income to be between $7 billion and $7.2 billion. The full year forecast is inclusive of the impact of higher raw material prices, higher logistics costs and production inefficiencies caused by supply disruptions. Our forecasted price realization is expected to outpace both material and freight costs for the entire year. Moving on to tax. Our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate projected to be between 21% 23%. Lastly, cash flow from the equipment operations is now expected to be in the range of $5.3 billion to $5.5 billion. The decrease reflects the adjusted income forecast and increases in working capital required through the end of the fiscal year as we expect to maintain higher production levels heading into the first quarter of 2023. At this time, lets discuss a few topics for the quarter in more detail. First, I would like to take a closer look at Production & Precision Ags third quarter results, an impressive jump in net sales, both compared to the third quarter last year as well as compared to the second quarter this year. Net sales were up 43% year-over-year and up 19% sequentially, which is not our typical seasonality. Cory, can you talk through some of the factors that enabled us to achieve that?
Cory Reed: Yes. Thanks, Rachel. Theres really several contributing factors this quarter. First is higher production rates. If you look back at the first half of this year, we had a work stoppage in the first quarter and had to ramp up at several of our largest U.S. factories. We also had two new product introductions, the 9R 4wd drive tractor and the X9 combine. During the third quarter, we ramped up and we achieved our highest production line rates yet this year, across several large ag factories. Second, as we started to ramp up through the second quarter, we continued to experience supply challenges, resulting in higher partially completed machines in inventory. Weve procured the needed parts and made good progress in both, finishing and shipping machines, reducing the number of partially completed machines in inventory. Now we did see overall inventories build slightly again in the third quarter, but that was mostly attributable to higher levels of raw inventory as we expect to maintain higher production rates, both through the fourth quarter and into Q1 of 23, which is different from our typical production wind down in the fourth quarter. Its important to note, were focused on not adding more partially completed machines to inventory. Were making progress completing that inventory and getting it delivered to our dealers and customers. Weve also been able to increase our parts inventory, which is helping us as we go into the fall to support our customers and their operations.
Rachel Bach: Going back to the higher production rates and even the partially completed inventory, were seeing some modest improvement in the supply base, but overall, its still very fragile and deliveries are still choppy.
Cory Reed: Yes. Thats right. We continue to prioritize getting equipment out to our customers. While past due deliveries from suppliers have declined a bit, theyre still at elevated levels. Missing parts and late part deliveries result in rework to complete partially built machines and contribute to production inefficiencies and higher overhead costs. Were able to achieve the higher line rates despite the continued difficulties and constraints within the supply chain. Were proactively working with our supply base to obtain allocations and improve on-time deliveries of parts, looking for opportunities to dual-source or providing resources to address constraints. Again, also we can get equipment out to our dealers and customers.
Josh Jepsen: This is Josh. Maybe one thing to add. As Cory mentioned, weve been focused on producing at higher levels in order to get products to customers, which has resulted in higher costs related to supply availability, inflationary pressures, overhead inefficiencies. So, maybe for example, weve incurred expedited freight and experienced production inefficiencies. Expedited freight comes at a premium. And any time we have to touch machines or move them in our factories more than once, it comes at a cost. In that respect, 2022 has been a challenge, given the ramp in demand juxtaposed with the lost production in the first quarter and a challenging supply environment. So, weve really been chasing production all year as a result. Importantly, were seeing the benefit of getting those products in the hands of our customers, reflected in market share and retail statistics. So, we feel like were broadly outperforming the industry. As we look forward, well build at higher levels of production in Q4 and into 1Q 23, which will help with our inefficiencies while also taking actions on costs that weve incurred over the last few years.
Rachel Bach: Yes. All good points, Josh. You both now mentioned higher production rates achieved during the third quarter are expected to carry forward. Its too early to guide for fiscal year 2023 but lets spend a little more time there. Cory, can you share some insights from our customers perspective to provide some context as we look ahead?
Cory Reed: Sure. Overall, ag fundamentals remain really strong. Corn and soy prices have declined from a few months ago, but so of inputs like fertilizer and others. Also when you look at global stocks to use, its tight and its expected to decline again, continuing to support elevated crop prices. May also take a couple of seasons to recover those grain stocks to normal levels. So, while profitability may come in a bit from record 22 levels, our customers will still be profitable, and the environment is supportive of replacement demand, especially when you consider that farmers havent been able to replenish their fleets as much as they wanted to this year. The age of the fleet remains above average. Additionally, dealer inventories remain at historic lows since the industry shorted demand the last couple of years due to supply constraints. These factors should help extend the duration of the replacement cycle.
Rachel Bach: And how has that been factoring into our crop care early order book that opened in June, so sprayers and planters?
Cory Reed: As you may recall from last year, we basically filled the full year production in the first phase of the EOP. We didnt do a second or third phase like weve done in the past. Then with the work stoppage and supply challenges, weve delivered a portion of those orders after their seasonal use this year. So, this years program is structured differently with two phases, both of which are on allocation. These phases are only intended to source orders for pre-seasonal use deliveries. Well run yet another phase later for post-seasonal shipments. So, year-over-year, EOP results wont be comparable due to the different structures were running this year versus last.
Rachel Bach: And how about tractors?
Cory Reed: Were also sold ahead on tractors well into the second quarter next year. And our new and used inventories for all large tractors are sitting at multiyear lows with products like the 9R tractor going through both, the work stoppage and new product transition, the momentum for all large tractors coming out of the third quarter on production rates will carry forward through the fourth quarter and well into next year. Demand is strong and still outstripping supply in 2023. Bottom line, we fully expect to produce more large ag equipment next year than we did this year.
Brent Norwood: Yes. And let me add that these expectations around higher production rates are reflected in our revised cash flow outlook for this year, which we lowered a little bit due to increased working capital. We dont plan to see our normal seasonal reduction in inventory. And to help offset some of the supply challenges and maintain the higher production rates through the fourth quarter and into the next year, were carrying a little bit more raw inventory, heading out of 2022.
Rachel Bach: Thanks, Brent. That is important to note. The inventory increases are not replacing partially completed inventory but increasing raw inventory as we prepare for that continued higher production rates. This is different than what weve seen seasonally in the past. So Cory, before we move on, what are we seeing on take rates in the model year 23 early order programs?
Cory Reed: Yes. Its good across the board. Customers are seeing the value and technology and the advanced solutions that were offering. We saw increases in take rates for ExactEmerge on our planners to nearly 60%, and ExactApply for sprayers jumped over 10 points to 65% take rate. Tech products like our premium activations for tractors and sprayers are nearing 100% adoption by our customers.
Rachel Bach: Great. Thank you. Now, Id like to spend some time on the industry outlook. U.S. and Canada large ag is projected to be up about 10 -- about 15% on a unit basis. Its been a common theme across the industry. AEM retail data is choppy month-to-month and byproduct and impacted by when the products are able to get shipped so less reflective of demand right now. Our model year 23 order books reflect that, too. Demand has remained resilient as ag fundamentals remained positive. Weve been able to ship more product in the third quarter and are forecasting to outpace the industry for full year, indicating some market share gains in the U.S. and Canada large ag space. Cory, what about Europe?
Cory Reed: Yes, Europe is another region where demand continues to outpace what the industry can supply. The industry has seen a lot of production challenges in Europe due to supply chain issues, geopolitical events and other disruptions as well. Its the same story of partially completed machines waiting for parts or even, in some cases, completed machines just waiting on an outbound truck. For us though, despite all of that, Europe has remained a bright spot. The team has executed really well, weve been outperforming the industry. So, were on track to grow high horsepower tractor, combine and SPFH share there as well.
Rachel Bach: And what about South America?
Cory Reed: Were seeing strong profitability for our customers and strong market demand, which has outpaced industry production in 2022, particularly in Brazil, where were releasing production monthly to maintain tight controls between inflation and pricing. And were seeing our calendars fill up within hours of releasing them. We fully expect this strong demand cycle in Brazil will continue in 2023. On top of that, our precision ag engagement in the region also continues to accelerate. South America is experiencing the fastest growth in engaged acres of anywhere in the world. And technologies such as ExactEmerge are accelerating across the region. Historically, weve had an objective to put South American profitability on par with Region 4. Were now meeting and exceeding that goal.
Rachel Bach: Great. Thanks, Cory. I think thats helpful insight to how our net sales guides reconcile to the industry guides. Our net sales guide includes not only higher price but also stronger volumes and higher take rates of precision ag solutions. Brent, what about Small Ag & Turf? The industry is expected to be flat compared to our net sales guide of up 10% to 15%.
Brent Norwood: Yes. I think we really need to parse it out a little bit. If we look at the parts of our business that are linked to the ag economy like midsized tractors versus consumer products like compact utility tractors, theres different stories going on there. First, with midsized tractors linked more to hay and forage markets, livestock and dairy margins, theyve all remained pretty steady. High protein and dairy prices have helped offset some of the higher feed and input costs that were seeing. So, we do see continued demand for our products like the 6 Series tractors, and this is a positive contributor in terms of our mix for Small Ag & Turf. On the other hand, consumer products are beginning to soften as they are more closely linked to the general economy. So, equipment inventory -- so while equipment inventories remain well below normal levels, theyre starting to see a rise a little bit for small tractors. So, were monitoring these inventory levels closely. But restocking the channel should moderate slowing in the retail demand that were seeing, especially in Turf, which hasnt seen much of any increase in inventories just yet.
Rachel Bach: Thanks. I touched on C&S industry outlook earlier. Josh, anything to add for C&S?
Josh Jepsen: Sure. In North America, while were seeing indicators of housing moderate a bit, earthmoving and road building are helped by steady oil and gas, and the U.S. infrastructure beginning to ramp up. In fact, in North America, its really been a bright spot for road building. China and Russia are down for road building, and were beginning to see some softening in Europe, but North America is offsetting much of that. And that mix is contributing to some really good margins for road building, which are the best weve seen since the acquisition.
Rachel Bach: Thanks, Josh. Raj, before we transition to the Q&A portion, any summary comments?
Raj Kalathur: Sure, Rachel. A few thanks. First, I want to acknowledge the extraordinary efforts by our production and operations employees to ramp up factory output while finishing and shipping a portion of the partially completed inventory while continuing to manage through supply challenges. The dedication to getting products to our customers is just phenomenal. Yes, through the third quarter, we continued to see elevated costs and production inefficiencies, but we also demonstrated higher line rates and those rates will continue through the fourth quarter and into next fiscal year to meet customer demand. Next, I want to highlight the 1.2 billion [Technical Difficulty] shares we repurchased during the third quarter. Its a testament to our use of cash philosophy. We will continue to be proactive with buybacks and opportunistic with volatility in the market. As we look ahead, we plan to continue the momentum we built during the third quarter, into the fourth quarter and beyond, which continue to be dependent on supply chain performance. As Josh mentioned, we are taking steps to reduce the impact of a persistently volatile supply chain, allowing us to focus on improving production inefficiencies and managing material costs as we pivot to 2023. Demand remains strong in multiple end markets, and we continue to see strong demand for our technologies and precision solutions. Finally, through our smart industrial strategy and execution of our leap ambitions, we will continue to unlock more value for our customers, leaving our best years still to come.
Brent Norwood: Now, we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Tim Thein: Theres good discussion in terms of the line rights and the build plans in the near term for large ag. Can we maybe just think about or talk a bit about what pricing may look like, obviously, coming from a high base this year? But given whats already been announced in the spring EOP and then some of the model year tractor increases that youve announced, maybe just share some high-level thoughts around the pricing for PPA? I know a lot goes into that equation but maybe just some framework to help us think about the pricing opportunity for 23. Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Regarding pricing for 2023, its still a little bit early. We dont have a formal price realization guide out there. We do have some early order programs and some rolling order books that are extending well into next year, so we do have some list prices out there. For large ag, were seeing list price increases in the high single digits to low double digits, depending a bit on the product line. Moving to Construction & Forestry, were looking at more kind of mid- to high single digits in terms of list price increases year-over-year. As I noted, its still early and those arent to be confused with price realization forecasts for 23, but at least thats how our order books are shaping out at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tami Zakaria with JPMorgan.
Tami Zakaria: So, looking at the Production & Precision Ag segment, it seems like youre expecting sequential sales growth, call it, in the mid-single-digit range, sequentially in the fourth quarter, but the operating profit seems to be growing around 30% sequentially to get to your full year guide. So, can you help us understand what would be driving this high incremental margin of about 50% in the segment in the fourth quarter?
Brent Norwood: Yes, sure. Thanks, Tami, for the question. With respect to our fourth quarter implied guide, I think theres a lot of moving parts in there. We will see some of our best cost comparison a year come in the fourth quarter, I think. Up until this point, the cost comparisons relative to last year have been more difficult. Well start to see that abate a little bit as we anniversary some of the inflation that we began to see come in, in the third and fourth quarter last year. Incrementally, price is going to get a little bit better in the fourth quarter. Thats going to help as well. And we will see a slight increase in line rates, even from the third quarter. So, between price, volume and anniversarying some of the cost inflation that we saw last year, that does point to a higher margin profile for us in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer.
Kristen Owen: If we think about some of the longer term contracts that youve talked about on the supply side, clearly, today, thats oriented around getting priority on components. But Im just wondering how we should think about the margin impact of those contracts on a go-forward basis. If we were to start to see supply chains normalize, how would that influence your long-term margin outlook? Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Regarding this supply chain, theres -- I mean, there are really a myriad of things that we are working on proactively to manage the supply base. Kristen, you named one of many levers that were pulling. For some, certain critical components, we have signed some long-term contracts. I would say for other parts of the supply base, were working on other strategies as well; dual-sourcing, also a very viable strategy for us in the short and midterm. For some of our suppliers, were investing in additional machinery capacity. So, its really a multipronged approach for us and requiring a lot of day-to-day management. And we do foresee that day-to-day management of supply chain continuing really for the foreseeable future. And so -- but with respect to the long-term contracts, as you noted, were very mindful of the prices that were committing to and the volumes that were underwriting. And like I said, weve really limited that to the parts of supply base that are critical and where most necessary.
Josh Jepsen: Kristen, this is Josh. Maybe one thing to add. I mean, those types of things are also contemplated as we think about how were pricing for the upcoming year. So, those are definitely part of the equation.
Cory Reed: Kristen, this is Cory. The only thing I would add is if you think about the third quarter, what weve been doing is weve been getting the supply base to prove out that it can perform at the line rates we have, in addition, put additional material that allows us to clean up some of that unfinished inventory. As we look at our production schedules going forward, that gives us higher confidence that were going to be able to run those line levels consistently and into the first quarter. That gives us a tremendous amount of confidence in how we think about all the additional costs that go into securing, expediting, all the things that happened that result -- rework that results in a drag on margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Understanding inventory was -- and welcome back, Raj, to the earnings calls. But understanding inventories were higher more so because of raw, can you help us understand how much of the $1 billion of unfinished products we got out the door from second quarter, so whats in Q3 versus Q4? And then, your commentary on production into 2021, the first quarter being strong, its interesting. Wondering if we should assume, obviously, production at high levels all year like from the first quarter run rate basis and whether you expect to fill a replenished channel inventory in 2023? Thanks.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Ill start on the inventory question. The increase in inventory that we saw sequentially from the second quarter was really more raw, as we noted, a little less WIP and more parts inventory as well. And I think -- and that reflects our strategy to continue with kind of high line rates coming out of the fourth quarter, so its really a sign of a positive outlook for next year. With respect to the level of -- or the number of partially completed machines that we have coming out of the second quarter, we made great progress on reducing the number of machines. Roughly about a third, we were able to work through over the third quarter, which will leave us with some inventory left for next quarter. Importantly, the number of machines that we still have held as partially completed inventory, for the most part, were looking at machines that only need one or two parts before theyre ready to ship and retail to customers. So, for the machines that needed more significant rework, those were some of the machines that we worked our way through in the third quarter, which gives us a little more confidence as we look at fourth quarter line rates and our revenue guide.
Cory Reed: Yes. I would say -- and Brent hit it, I mean if you look, we were averaging -- those machines that were coming off, first of all, were taking them down, taking that inventory thats unfinished down. We also are averaging, in many cases, 10 to 12 run without. So part -- significant parts that would have to be reworked, were now down in low single digits in many of them, just one part thats waiting or just one set of tires thats waiting. So, significant progress, both in the number but also the amount of rework remaining on machines to ship. The other thing you asked about the first, you think about we actually were shut down at the front end based on what happened with our strike. And ultimately, this year, we just keep producing right through. We finish our 22 builds and go right into 23.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dillon Cumming with Morgan Stanley.
Dillon Cumming: Really great to hear the uptake commentary from Cory with regards to the ExactApply, ExactEmerge uptake. Just curious if you can comment on See & Spray integration, whether or not youve been able to commercialize that more fully in the EOP rollout this year? And if you have, what level of kind of volume outlook is for next year as well?
Brent Norwood: With respect to See & Spray, this was our first year to commercialize it. We did so on a limited basis. 2023 will be our final year of limited production there. We want to make sure that we get it right, that we really calibrate on the right spec level and make sure that were tooled up in the factory to go full production in 2024. I think weve actually learned quite a bit over the course of this limited production season. Weve really learned what it takes to ensure that our customers are getting the outcomes that they expect when they use the tool. Weve learned a lot about the acceptance of the per acre business model. And well be a little bit smarter as we head into next year and a little more dialed in with respect to the pricing and structure of our 23 offering.
Cory Reed: I think Brent hit it well. Just to add, the big part of this was getting the product in the hands and really seeing customer value being driven by how they use the product. We can deliver all the technology. We have to see how theyre going to use it to help improve the outcomes, be able to do it, do more acres, do it with less material, improve their profitability and all of thats proving out. So, were sitting well as we go into the next limited production year, and then well open up and start delivering even more going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber with Wells Fargo Securities. Your may ask your question.
Seth Weber: I wanted to ask about Europe. I guess, I was a little surprised that youre -- it sounds like youre still seeing Europe to be kind of hanging in flattish. I think you said demand was actually still pretty good there on the ag side. I mean, can you -- just given whats going on with the drought and just geopolitical stuff, can you just give us some additional color on what youre seeing maybe by some of the countries across Europe or just what you think is sustaining Europe farmer sentiment at this point? Thanks.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Thanks for the question. Regarding Europe, some of the flat retail data that youre seeing year-to-date is really a reflection of inability for the industry to get supply out there. I know theres been a lot of discrete issues with a lot of industry players this year in terms of production capabilities. We are seeing the overall market as remaining strong and steady. There is definitely differing weather patterns depending on what part of Europe were talking about. The Central Europe is faring a little bit better than Western Europe a little bit. But overall, elevated wheat prices are largely offsetting some of the surging input prices that theyve seen. Arable margins, the outlook will remain supportive for the rest of the year. As we pivot into the dairy and livestock sector there, fiscal year 22 margins were really better than expected from elevated dairy prices. Maybe a little bit of risk there on dairy margins going into next year, but overall, weve seen that market remain pretty steady. And again, the flat outlook for the year is really a reflection of production capabilities more so than any demand concerns that we have at this point.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. This is Josh. I think one thing to continue to highlight there is we shifted our strategy a few years ago. Were much more focused on where we can differentiate through technology in Production & Precision Ag in particular and in the markets where that really speaks to driving value to customers. And so, were seeing a continuation, really, a third year of market share gains on high horsepower tractors. This year, were seeing good movement in terms of share on combines. So, the work that the team is doing from a strategic point of view as well as a lot of really good work with the dealer channel and focusing there is driving a lot of positive results for us. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Rob Wertheimer: I had a short-term and a long-term question on R&D. The cadence of R&D ticked up in the quarter in the back half of the year. Im wondering what happened to just shift your view on what needed to be spent. And then, in general, I think youve gotten pretty good efficiency in R&D over the past couple of years. Im wondering if the uptick in spending is an indication at the end of the road on that or new programs or if you just have general comments. Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Rob, thanks for the question. Regarding R&D for the year, we saw it tick up a little bit in the guidance and that really reflects just our ability to accelerate some projects faster than we had originally anticipated. So I think thats a positive note. I think longer term, the neighborhood that were traveling in right now on R&D spend is about right, plus or minus 10% on maybe any given year. But the big step function change that weve seen this year, I think, really puts us in the right spot to execute on our leap ambitions and other targets for production precision ag and the other divisions as well.
Josh Jepsen: Hey Rob, its Josh. Brent summed it up well. I think the continued focus in these areas where we feel like we can really differentiate and accelerate development of solutions that are going to unlock value and also be leverageable across our different businesses. So, whether thats digitalization, electrification, automation and autonomy, those are the areas where were seeing the biggest opportunities and where as we can and as we particularly bring on new talent, whether its the acquisition or other, were accelerating development in those spaces.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Im wondering if you could just talk about the guidance revision. So, nice to see pricing accelerating and with the production costs, weve got margins coming down. So, as we look at the impact of the inefficiencies, Josh, that you spoke about, it looks like based on the revision to guidance, theres about an $800 million incremental cost headwind versus three months ago. Is that all the inefficiencies of waiting for parts and moving machines around, or how much of that is other incremental inflation as we think about what that picture looks like when things normalize? Thanks.
Brent Norwood: Hey Jerry, I think theres a lot of moving parts to the guidance in the back half of the quarter. I mean, really, what we saw in terms of the lowered guidance primarily related to increased material cost, freight and then excess overhead, which is coming from those supply disruptions that Josh noted about earlier. I mean, theres really a myriad of issues that affects that. Line rates may differ day-to-day. It makes it hard to optimize the workforce. We are doing more rework on partially completed machines, and that creates a lot of increased overhead. So, those are really the primary factors that drove the guidance change for us in the back half of the year. Were already starting to think about what the cost structure will look like as we exit the year and start making plans and build rates and schedules for the next year.
Cory Reed: Hey Jerry, this is Cory. Maybe Ill just use an example for you to give you an idea of how its impacted us. If you took two of our largest units, Harvester Works and Waterloo, and you looked at the average over three years from 18 to 20 of what they spent in premium freight alone, so this is expedited freight and air freight, theyd spend combined about $25 million. Were probably going to spend almost $200 million this year. Now, we made a conscious decision that we wanted to drive customers to get their products as close to on-time as we could. So, we went to extraordinary efforts. That extraordinary number should not be there at the same level going forward. So, our opportunity is we made the decision to spend to be able to fulfill customer demand. And its shown up in what weve been able to ship. It will show up in our market share. But we need to drive -- our drive is to get that back out going forward as we get to more normalized production.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI.
David Raso: I mean, I can ask a lot of detailed questions, but I guess just stepping back, youre implying the fourth quarter earnings are about $7.25, $7.30. And then the most interesting thing I mean youve said is the lack of seasonality, right? Usually, the first quarter is a bit of a low quarter. It sounds like thats not the case. So, I guess just to level set everybody, just trying to think to the pros and cons. When we look at that fourth quarter, I cant just multiply it by 4 to say thats an annualized rate. But given the lack of seasonality youre talking about, there might be a better chance than normal to annualize that number. So, can you help us a little bit with the pros and cons, thinking about that fourth quarter number? Number one, is there something unique in that number thats making it that strong? And then, for 23, I mean, the pros and cons would be obviously the pro would be hopefully more efficient production, just given some weaker parts of the economy, a little better improvement in chip availability. But then, the cons might be just macro risk around Small Ag, maybe late in the year, Construction, well see. But obviously, youre speaking constructively about big ag for most of 23. So, can you just help level set big picture of that fourth quarter number, something unique in it, and how to think about roughly annualizing that number? Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Hey, David. Thanks for the question. As we think about the fourth quarter, it will not follow our typical seasonal pattern, as you pointed out. We do end up year-over-year with about 20% more production days in our large ag factories in North America. So thats really going to help us as we think about achieving our guidance for the quarter. We do still have some number of partially completed machines with good line of sight to clearing many of those over the fourth quarter. And then, we are -- we do intend to take our line rates just a click higher from where we did -- what we produced in the third quarter. Now, most of the increase in line rate did happen in the third quarter, but were going to go even a stretch higher in the fourth quarter. So, it is going to give us a very different profile coming out of the year than maybe what youve typically expected or typically seen us do in years past.
Josh Jepsen: Hey David, its Josh. As Brent mentioned, typical seasonality would see us come down in 4Q because were not, for example, building and shipping combines to the extent we will this year, and then a slower ramp in 1Q. Last year clearly impacted by going through a work stoppage. So, year-over-year, were going to see those benefits as we get into the first quarter and build at those higher rates. Now, thats not to say its going to be perfectly linear, but we are entering the year at much higher production rates. And given the demand we see, that is covering a decent part of the first part of the year -- first portion of the year is helpful. And thats -- with EOP, a lot of visibility there with our other products like large tractors, but then it extends into other things, like our mid-series tractors where weve got visibility to what wed expect to be at least a third of next year already covered up. And were seeing strong order activity in Brazil as well. So, too early to have a full view or perspective on 23, but I think the takeaway is we feel really good about how were going to exit 4Q into 1Q with strong demand and the ability to drive more efficiencies in our operation while beginning to look at our costs and take out some of those costs that Cory mentioned earlier.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Just a bigger picture question on the ag cycle and your inventory planning. I didnt quite hear the answer as part of Jamies question. But how are you deciding how much and when to restock dealer inventories for both, large and small ag? It seems like maybe small could be a little more complicated decision-making, giving the divergence of what you talked about between the dairy products and the consumer. So, just curious how youre thinking about the restocking and when and how much. Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Hey Steven, thanks for the question. Large ag inventory, we wont see much of any build this year. Effectively everything that we are shipping from our factories is already retail sold. In our data in the slide deck, youll see a slight uptick in dealer inventories. Thats just reflective of the higher build rates and the higher throughput that were pushing through into the system. Its not really a reflection of any sort of restocking thats happening on the large ag side. I think going into next year, maybe too early to tell where we end. But right now, we are still on allocation, which implies demand still running a little bit ahead of supply. In that scenario, we wouldnt expect to build a lot of inventory, if any, next year. So, its still, again, a little early, but at least from where we sit today, probably limited ability to build inventory on the large ag side. The calculus in small ag is maybe a little bit different. Probably still going to be very tight with your midsized equipment thats going into the hay and forage, and dairy and livestock sectors, while some of the more consumer-driven products, turf and compact utility drivers, may see demand moderate a little bit as we go through the year. Now, that said, were starting from pretty low inventories. So, there may be some ability to build a little bit of inventory there. But were going to be really careful and watch demand very, very closely so that we dont get ahead of ourselves in terms of inventory to sales ratios.
Cory Reed: Yes. Steven, this is Cory. Were sitting at all-time lows. Were in the low teens in new and used. The teens that you see show up in dealer inventory are largely pipeline that are moving through to customers. Used inventory across the board for large ag equipment is all-time low, so. And if you look at how across the board at least returns coming back, no ones sending any back. I mean, were in a really good spot, and were not going to really build any inventory even through 23.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: My question is about input cost because it looks like, at least from an index perspective, whether its metals, rubber, energy in the U.S., transportation and logistics, I mean, all these costs seem to be rolling over pretty significantly. And so, Im wondering, are you starting to see that in some of this inventory build that youre doing, or if not, sort of how should we think about that sort of ultimately starting to work its way through your cost structure? Thanks.
Brent Norwood: Hey Steve, thanks for the question. Regarding input prices, I think there are a few different categories of cost at play in 2022. Some of the cost increases that weve experienced are going to be a little more structural and higher for longer. Things like labor and energy are parts of the supply base where theyre truly capacity constrained, right. The supply and demand dynamics for those parts of the supply base will likely keep prices higher going into 23. That said, there are going to be some opportunities, I think, for costs to abate a little bit. Theres been, in 2022, significant additional costs stemming from supply disruptions. Weve talked a little bit about that as we exit this year with higher production rates, should ease a little bit of the overhead pressure going into next year. And then, theres other parts of our supply base that are linked to raw material prices, like steel, and others in that commodity basket that have come down a little bit. And I think those are all going to be opportunities for cost reductions in 23 as we go through the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard with Bernstein.
Chad Dillard: So, a couple of questions for you. First of all, in your prepared remarks, you talked about share gains. So, I just want to get a better understanding of which products youre seeing share gains, and if you can particularly quantify how much youre seeing? And I guess, like more importantly, as youre thinking about the gains, to what extent do you think theyre more cyclical versus structural? And then, second question is just about your margins in Production & Precision Ag. It looks like the implied exit rate is about 25%. Is that a right number to kind of start thinking about in 2023?
Brent Norwood: Hey Chad, a couple of questions in there. Ill try to work my way through those. With respect to share this year, we -- for the most part, we view share as a function of which players are able to produce machines. There is a shortage of equipment. Theres not a lot of inventory available. And so, the areas where weve had the best execution on our part, I would call out Mannheim tractors first and also Waterloo row crop tractors have been areas of strength for us as weve progressed through the year. And we continue to see and forecast good production rates, exiting this year and going into 23 for both of those product lines. In terms of margin for 23, I would say its too early for us to have a guide. Theres going to be a lot of variables as we exit 22 and go into 23. Weve got new pricing for model year 23 products. Theres certainly a lot of volatility in our cost structure as parts of that are coming in a little bit but other parts are remaining stubbornly high. So, no real guidance on what to expect, I would say, for margins other than we would target incrementals pretty consistent -- going into 23, we would target incrementals that would be consistent with what youve come to expect at Deere. Ag & Turf products typically in the 30% to 35% range, and Construction & Forestry products historically have been in the 20% to 25% range, and that would be our targeting goal as we think about 2023.
Cory Reed: Yes. Chad, its Cory. The only thing Id add on the share side, I mean, probably the thing we talk about large tractors, which we continue to be able to consistently perform and deliver. Im probably most excited about the share gains we see in sprayers and planters. These are the instruments of precision ag technology. These are the things that deliver on our strategy for smart industrial, the ability to take new technologies out that help us -- help customers do better, grow more yield, do it with less cost. And were consistently moving share into the market with those. And Id remind you, if you look at those numbers, things like sprayers, were actually shipping late this year and continuing to build share in planters. Were shipping a lot of products later than expected and continuing to build share. So, those primary instruments of our strategy, were growing share on consistently.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Its Josh. One thing on share to point out too is, well, as Brent mentioned rightfully so, ability to ship is impacting month-on-month how were seeing share performance. At the root, were seeing share gains where were converting customers, and that is a precision ag story. The value that we can create with our dealer network, with our solutions and tools is converting customers. Now, you might not see that show up exactly in a month-to-month market share number. But thats the big opportunity we have, and we see those conversions as a result of the value we can deliver to them and how we can do that seamlessly and easier to drive those outcomes, whether it be financial, productivity or from a sustainable point of view.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Feniger with Bank of America.
Michael Feniger: In the past, you have said the cycle peak is typically at 120% to 140% of mid-cycle. I think youve calculated that on a seven-year rolling average. Im just curious, based on that framework and your expectations for 2023 to be up, where you think that large ag is going to finish next year, given that framework?
Brent Norwood: Yes. Hey Mike, this is Brent. Thanks for the question. Its probably a little too early at this point to predict where in the cycle, or what our math will calculate for 2023. Keep in mind, were still on allocation for 2023. So, that is implying theres still some level of unmet demand. And certainly, its way too early at this point to call what will happen after 2023. So, I think the important elements that were focused on right now is customer fundamentals are still really strong. And while we will increase volumes next year, and we may even begin to bring down the age of the fleet for tractors a little bit, were still going to be at pretty elevated levels there. And as Cory noted, inventory levels are at record low. So, these are all the things that were contemplating as we plan our schedules for 23 and beyond. And for us, these factors tend to point to a bit of a longer duration in the cycle, which makes it really difficult to compare from one cycle to the next, because theyre all a little different. But these are the factors that were focused on and I think will drive our business in the next couple of years.
Josh Jepsen: I think importantly -- this is Josh. Importantly, as we go forward, as we talked about in May at our Investor Day is, how do we continue to build a business thats more resilient, that has less volatility through the cycle. And were in the early stages of that, but we feel confident in the ability, over time, to do that. And thats a continued focus of how do we reduce that volatility that weve seen historically moving up and down in the cycle.
Cory Reed: The only other thing I would add to that, this is Cory, is we tend to talk a lot about the North American market. We have the very same dynamics in the South American market. Our team is out, theyre one of the largest customers there. Theyre getting ready for their planting season for next year. Theyre likely going to plant the largest crop in the history of the region. Were seeing our shares grow and were seeing our precision ag technology rates grow. Were putting the connectivity, the engaged acres. So, it bodes well for the future for that region as well, which I think is worth noting.
Brent Norwood: I think, weve got time for one last caller.
Operator: Our last question comes from John Joyner with BMO.
John Joyner: So, I had another question on planned inventory levels, exiting the year. And maybe you touched on this already, but how much of it is from production rates set to improve simply from supply chain and freight challenges easing versus what it says about how you perceive demand, I guess, today, heading into fiscal 23 compared with what your assumptions were just a few months ago?
Brent Norwood: Yes. John, thanks for the question. We would say that the primary driver of our inventory levels coming out of the fourth quarter and going into next year, its really about the enthusiasm for the demand that were seeing and our ability to carry these higher production rates into next year is going to require higher inventory levels for us. Thats the primary driver more so than just carrying more inventory because of supply constraints. There could be a little bit of that in there. But that wasnt really the primary impetus for carrying more inventory coming out of the year. Thanks, John.
Brent Norwood: I think were out of time for the rest of the hour. So thank you, everybody, for calling in. We appreciate the questions, and we look forward to following up with everybody after the call. Thanks, all.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude todays call. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-05-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed listen-only until the question and answer session at todays conference.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Brent Norwood, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Brent Norwood: Hello. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, Chief Financial Officer; Josh Jepsen, Deputy Financial Officer; Kanlaya Barr, Director of Corporate Economics; and [Rachel Bach], Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for the fiscal year 2022. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I will now turn the call over to [Rachel Bach].
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Brent, and good morning. John Deere completed the second quarter with sound execution despite being constrained by persistent supply challenges. Financial results for the quarter included a 19.9% margin for the equipment operations. Ag fundamentals remain solid, with our order books largely full through the balance of the year and demand starting to build for our model year '23 products. Furthermore, the construction and forestry markets also continued to benefit from strong demand and price realization, contributing to the division's solid performance in the quarter. Slide 3 shows the results for the second quarter. Net sales and revenues were up 11% to $13.37 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were up 9% to $12.034 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $2.098 billion or $6.81 per diluted share. Taking a closer look at our production and precision ag business on Slide 4. Net sales of $5.117 billion were up 13% compared to the second quarter last year, primarily due to price realization and higher shipment volumes. Price realization in the quarter was positive by about 11 points. Operating profit was $1.057 billion, resulting in a 20% -- 21% operating margin for the segment. The year-over-year increase in operating profit was primarily due to price realization and higher shipment volumes, partially offset by higher production costs and higher R&D spend. The production costs were mostly elevated material and freight. Supply challenges also contribute to production inefficiencies, driving higher overheads for the period. The increased R&D spend reflects our continued focus on developing and integrating technology solutions into our equipment and unlocking value for our customers. Operating profit for the quarter was also negatively impacted by an impairment of $46 million related to the events of Russia to Ukraine. Next, small ag and turf on Slide 5. Net sales were up 5%, totaling $3.57 billion in the second quarter as price realization more than offset negative currency translation. Price realization in the quarter was positive by just over 8 points, while currency translation was negative by about 2 points. For the quarter, operating profit was down year-over-year at $520 million, resulting in a 14.6% operating margin. The decreased profit was primarily due to higher production costs, specifically material, and an unfavorable sales mix. These items were partially offset by price realization. To share more perspective on the current global ag and turf industry and fundamentals, I'm happy to be joined today by Kanlaya Barr, Director of Corporate Economics. Kanlaya?
Kanlaya Barr: Thanks, Rachel. Turning to Slide 6. I would first like to take a few moments to talk through some points that are influencing the global industry. Global stock for grains and oilseeds have declined over the past 3 seasons, and we expect to see significant less production and export out of the Brexit region. And on the demand side, there was an increase of imports into China as China's Hog Herd recovered. So both supply and demand factors are leading to higher crop prices as reflected in the recent [indiscernible] release. Meanwhile, growers are experiencing input cost inflation and availability concerns, most notably with fertilizer. For row crop producers are experiencing higher input costs, many pressures input in advance of the recent inflation and are marketing their crops at unlimited prices. As a result, growers continue to experience strong profitability and cash flow. While farmers expect another year of high input costs in 2023, global grains and oilseeds prices have risen enough to deliver healthy margin profit into the next season. With respect to small ag equipment. Two consecutive years of industry-wide production constraints have resulted in further aging of the fleet. The higher-than-average fleet age, coupled with low channel inventory, is contributing to pent-up demand and is likely to remain beyond fiscal '22. With this backdrop of continued strong ag fundamentals, we expect U.S. and Canada industry sales of large ag equipment to be up approximately 20%. Order books for the remaining of the current fiscal year are mostly full, and we already see signs of strong demand for model year '23 equipment, with some order books opening in June. Small ag and turf industry demand continues to be forecasted to be about flat this year. We are seeing moderate increases from our [indiscernible] segment, while consumer products are lower due to supply constraints and low inventory in the channel. Rising interest rates will likely impact home sales and home improvement spending in North America, although we expect them to remain elevated. Equipment inventories remain well below normal and are unlikely to begin recovering until 2023. Now moving on to Europe. The industry is forecasted to be up roughly 5% as higher commodity prices strengthen business condition in the arable segment. We expect the industry will continue to face supply-based constraints, resulting in demand our production for the year. At this time, our order book expands through the duration of fiscal '22 and even into early fiscal '23 for some product lines. In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to increase by approximately 10%. Despite low -- the low trend crop yield due to weather, our customers are very profitable this year, benefiting from high commodity prices. Our order book reflects the strong sentiment and are nearly full for most product lines. Industry sales in Asia are forecasted to be down moderately as India, which is the world's largest tractor market by unit, moderates from record volume achieved in 2021. I will now turn the call back to Rachel.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Kanlaya. Moving on to our segment forecast beginning on Slide 7. Production and precision ag net sales continue to be forecasted up between 25% and 30% in fiscal year '22. The forecast assumes about 13 points of positive price realization for the full year, which will allow us to be price/cost positive for the fiscal year. Additionally, we expect roughly 1 point of currency headwind. For the segment's operating margin, our full year forecast remains between 21% and 22%, reflecting consistently solid financial performance across all geographic regions. Slide 8 shows our forecast for the small ag and turf segment. We expect net sales in fiscal year '22 to be up about 15%. This guidance includes over 8 points of positive price realization and 3 points of currency headwinds. The segment's operating margin is forecasted to be between 15.5% and 16.5%. Although price/cost remains positive for the year, supply challenges as well as higher material and freight costs are expected to continue to put pressure on margins. Turning to construction and forestry on Slide 9. For the quarter, net sales of $3.347 billion were up 9%, largely due to price realization and higher shipment volumes. Operating profit increased year-over-year to $814 million, resulting in a 24% operating margin. During the quarter, there was a onetime gain of $326 million investment measurement from the Hitachi transaction. Results were also impacted by a $47 million impairment related to the events in Russia and Ukraine. Excluding those special items, operating margin would have been 16%. Higher production costs and an unfavorable product mix were detrimental to the quarter results. The production costs were mainly a result of higher material and freight. Now let's take a look at our 2022 construction and forestry industry outlook on Slide 10. Industry sales of earthmoving equipment in North America are expected to be up approximately 10%, while the compact construction market is forecast to be flat to up 5%. End markets for earthmoving and compact equipment are expected to remain strong as the U.S. housing market is forecasted to remain elevated. Oil and gas activities continue to ramp up and strong CapEx programs from the independent rental companies drive refleeting efforts. Compact construction equipment inventory levels are extremely low due to supply constraints affecting those product lines. In forestry, we now expect the industry to be flat to up 5%, and global road building markets are also expected to be flat to up 5%. Road building demand in the Americas remains strong, while China and Russia markets are down significantly. The C and F segment outlook is on Slide 11. Deere's construction and forestry 2022 net sales continue to be forecasted up between 10% and 15%. Our net sales guidance for the year includes 9 points of positive price realization and 2 points of negative currency impact. The segment's operating margin outlook has been revised to a range of 15.5% to 16.5%. The update reflects the onetime gain from the Deere-Hitachi transaction and the impairment related to the events in Russia and Ukraine that occurred in the second quarter of 2022. The normal course of business continues to benefit from increases in price and volume. Shifting over to our financial services operations on Slide 12. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the second quarter was $208 million. This is a slight decrease compared to the second quarter last year, primarily due to the higher reserves for credit losses, partially offset by income earned on a higher average portfolio. For fiscal year '22, we maintained our net income outlook at $870 million as the segment is expected to continue to benefit from income earned on a higher average portfolio balance. Slide 13 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year '22, we are raising our outlook for net income to be between $7 billion and $7.4 billion, reflecting the onetime items in the second quarter of this year. The full year forecast is inclusive of the impact of higher raw material prices and logistics costs. At this time, our forecasted price realization is expected to outpace both material and freight costs for the entire year. The first two quarters are expected to be our most difficult material and freight inflationary cost compares, while the third quarter comparison to last year should improve slightly. As we progress into the fourth quarter, we expect those material and freight comparisons to improve even further. We also expect shipments to be more back half weighted than we've seen historically as we work through a backlog of partially built inventory waiting for supply parts and while seasonal factories will continue to produce without the typical shutdown periods. Moving on to tax. Our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate projected to be between 22% and 24%. Lastly, cash flow from the equipment operations is now expected to be in the range of $5.6 billion to $6 billion. The decrease in the forecast reflects the increases in working capital required through the year. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ryan Campbell, Chief Financial Officer, for comments. Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Before we transition to the Q&A portion, I would like to make a few remarks on our results and the opportunities ahead of us. Reflecting on the second quarter results. As we indicated in our prior earnings call and outlook, the supply chain-related constraints continued through the quarter and will not likely abate during this fiscal year. With respect to our forecast, excluding the special items in the second quarter, our operational guidance remains roughly unchanged. I want to commend our employees, dealers and suppliers for their efforts to support customers and deliver products as quickly as possible in this dynamic environment. Given the strong fundamentals in agriculture, coupled with the underlying supply constraints, we do not see the industry being able to meet all of the demand that exists in 2022. While difficult to quantify exactly the impact of this, we expect 2023 to be another strong year of industry demand. Strategically, each day that passes gives us more confidence in our smart industrial strategy and our recently announced leap ambitions. While we are hard at work managing our operations in this dynamic environment, we are also executing on our strategy. Our production systems teams continue to identify and execute against opportunities to drive both economic and sustainable value for our customers and their operations. This is even more critical in an environment where inputs are significantly increasing in costs and/or hard to come by.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Ryan. Now before we open the line for Q&A, I would like to dive deeper into a few important topics for the quarter. Let's start with our full year revenue guidance. The top line forecast implies a second half shipment schedule that is higher than the first half. Brent, what factors led to this? And how does Deere plan to deliver on a back half-loaded year?
Brent Norwood: Yes. First, I'll spend a few minutes talking about some of the factors in the first half of the year. The first quarter was unusually low due to the work stoppage that we experienced. So we expected the delivery schedule would be seasonally different earlier in the year. We also had two large new product programs that we're ramping up to full production in the first half, the X9 combine and the 9R tractor. And our production's plans always reflected higher volumes of these products later in the year. Typically, we see -- we have some of our seasonal factories that take shutdowns in the second half of the year. However, this year, we'll see some of our PPA -- production and precision ag factories producing through much of the third and fourth quarter. Overall, we expect to have more production days in the second half of 2022 than the previous year, and we expect to grow production progressively from the second quarter through the fourth quarter, meaning we expect Q4 to be our highest revenue quarter for the year. Additionally, supply disruptions led to inefficiencies at factories resulting in unusually high inventory of partially completed machines. As soon as we get parts, we will be able to complete and shipped product, providing confidence in the second half shipment schedule. Our guidance does contemplate getting enough parts to fulfill the production schedule. As Ryan mentioned, we are collaborating with suppliers and our factories and are working hard to make sure we get there.
Josh Jepsen: This is Josh. One thing to add there. We're seeing some of this play out in the AEM retail data as well where you see some categories down year-to-date but choppiness in the month-to-month retails. The decrease in certain categories is not reflective of changes in demand, but more -- the challenges we're seeing in getting products shipped and not just us, but across the industry, given the current environment in supply.
Unidentified Company Representative: Great. Thank you. Next, let's discuss how margins will progress throughout the year, especially in the context of price and material freight costs. Can you talk a little bit more about how we should think about margins in the second half versus the first half? Brent, how do you expect the rest of the year to unfold?
Brent Norwood : So we experienced the most difficult material and freight compares in the first half of 2022. Lagging contracts on steel means we have seen progressively higher costs since third quarter 2021. Other costs are ramping as well. Commodities such as copper and aluminum, electronics and even things like labor and energy, are increasing. We'll begin to anniversary some of these cost increases in the third and fourth quarter. So we'll see easier compares relative to the previous year. Freight remains elevated, too. Recent COVID lockdowns in China have caused delays in shipping globally, compounding some of the previous logistics bottlenecks. With the supply chain backed up, we're utilizing significantly more air freight solutions, and we expect this to continue throughout the second half of 2022. In addition to material and freight, overhead has increased. This has come from the choppiness in the supply base and is particularly evident in the number of partially completed machines in our inventory that are missing parts required to be complete. So while the compare gets easier, we probably won't see much moderation in material and freight costs this year. Fortunately, price realization should get progressively better, potentially making the fourth quarter the highest margin period for us, which is a bit a typical. We have managed our order books differently than we have in the past, enabling us to adapt to changes in inflation. So as noted earlier, we expect our price for the full year will more than offset increases in material and freight.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Brent. Let's take a closer look at ag fundamentals. Kanlaya, can you share more insight?
Kanlaya Barr: Sure. Let's start with the global stocks for grain oilseeds, which we have seen decline over the last 3 seasons, and that's driven by both the supply/demand side. Now looking at the demand side, we experienced a large increase in Chinese import, and that's starting in the year -- crop year 2021 as China's Hog Herd recovered from the African Swine Fever. And now on the supply side, the world is experiencing significant damage to crop two consecutive years, that was in 2021 crop year and also 2022 crop year as well, and in multiple locations in North America, South America, parts of the CIS. So together strong demand and declining supply led to the higher price that we're experiencing over the past two years. Now expected lower production of crop from the Black Sea region adds to the challenges that the ag security faces. The region accounts for almost about one-third of global wheat exports as well as a notable source of corn exports. USDA forecast production in export for wheat and corn to be almost 50% lower for '22/'23 crop year from the Black Sea region. And in fact, the potential export loss could impact two crop years. And as a result, right now, wheat ending stocks among key exporters could fall below 50 million tons, which is the lowest level in 15 years. Now looking at the fertilizer prices, which have climbed in some markets, are experiencing scarcities of these critical input. Persistent fertilizer constraints and high price will lead the supply chain to adjust, but this is likely going to take some time. If you put these factors together, while row crop producers are experiencing high input costs. Many have purchased it in advance of recent inflation and were able to market their crops at a high price, which help mitigate the higher input costs. And also a tight global supply will likely remain supportive of prices next year, which is helping to sustain some more profitability. Now given this backdrop of elevated commodity prices, combined with two consecutive years of constrained machinery production, we have older fleet age and low channel inventory, the fundamentals for agriculture machinery remain favorable.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Kanlaya. And maybe just to punctuate all of that. We're seeing strong demand as we look into model year '23 orders and even begin to take orders in 1Q '23 for certain products in different geographies. So we're expecting continued demand to be a tailwind going into '23.
Unidentified Company Representative: As a follow-up to that, our technology helps alleviate some of the pressure that Kanlaya talked about on the input costs by enabling the customer to use less while still achieving yields.
Josh Jepsen: That's right. And traditionally, in ag, to boost yields, we've seen an approach that had to be do more with more. Both rising input costs, our customers are looking at how they can do more with less. And they're looking to us and the strategy that we've been talking about over the last few years. Using less inputs, but not losing out on yields, or in some cases, using less input and increasing yields. So for example, we introduced a product called ExactRate last year, which applies liquid nitrogen at the time of planting. This helps our customers get more precise with fertilizer usage, which has been a unit -- input experiencing rapid inflation this year. Not only can this reduce the cost, but also improves our customers' nitrogen efficiencies, unlocking significant environmental benefits as well as helping yield by applying nutrients when the seed needs it most. So not only do we see continued strong demand, but the demand for our precision ag solutions as our customers look for opportunities to do more with less.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks, Josh. And speaking of precision ag and technology, Deere announced a few acquisitions during the quarter. Ryan, can you share more?
Ryan Campbell: Sure, Rachel. Consistent with the themes that we've previously discussed of digitization, automation, autonomy, life cycle, electrification and sustainability, we've executed during the quarter to expand our access to talent, technology and business opportunities in these areas. I'd like to highlight one investment, GUSS Automation, which is a pioneer in semi-autonomous spring for high-value crops. GUSS Automation brings an in-depth knowledge of HPC customers and innovative solutions that deal with some of the most pressing issues facing that segment today. We look forward to working together on further collaboration with the Deere sales channel and in other areas that drive value for HPC customers. I highlight this investment as it is illustrative of the new smart industrial strategy focused on production systems. Our teams work to deeply understand customer production systems and how to deliver better outcomes, both from an economic and sustainability perspective. Then we work to deliver a differentiated solutions. Sometimes we'll design to deliver that solution organically. Other times, we'll invest, partner or acquire unique capabilities to accelerate that delivery. Overall, you'll see us continue to aggressively expand our capabilities to deliver differentiated customer value, and we will dive deeper into this at our Tech Day on May 26.
Brent Norwood: Now we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: I guess could you just talk to -- obviously, the street views the second quarter as a miss. How the quarter came in relative to your expectations? And then also just on the -- can you just quantify the inventory that you have that you're still waiting for parts? I'm just trying to figure out how big of a deal that is, and was that the entire cut to cash flow?
Brent Norwood : Yes. Thanks for the question. With respect to the second quarter, there's a lot of different variables going on there. Certainly, inflation has been broader based than just deal. We're seeing it impact a lot of other commodities. And I think we see continued pressure on material cost that have kind of led to some of the margin performance in the second quarter. I think in addition to that, just with the delays in delinquencies we're seeing in the supply chain, we're utilizing a lot of additional premium freight right now. So that's also having an impact on our results for the quarter. Really, the biggest challenge, though, as we noted, in the second quarter was the number of partially completed machines that you referenced to, Jamie, in many cases, that -- those partially completed machines will drive poor overhead absorption, but they also give us a lot of confidence in the second half production schedule because we do have confidence that we'll be able to complete and ship and ultimately retail those parts in the second half of the year. To give a little bit of an idea of the size of that, I mean, you can certainly look at the change in inventory that we had on the balance sheet sequentially in the second quarter from the first quarter. If you go back in history, typically, you don't see an increase in inventory in the second quarter. So that will give you a little bit of an idea of the magnitude that we saw of those partially completed machines.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Jamie, it's Josh. Just to pile on what Brent mentioned there. That -- those machines sitting -- waiting on parts. If you look at the back half of the year increase year-over-year in the second half, it represents close to 25%. So as Brent mentioned, getting those out gives us a significant jump on the back-end loaded sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristen Owen from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Kristen Owen: Josh, you talked about some of this in some of the commentary that you made. But obviously, a lot of noise in the retail statistics and the industry sentiment indicators that we're seeing coming out. Just given the ongoing production challenge, how do you think investors should interpret some of those readings in the context of some of the demand commentary that you've made?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. With respect to retail data, we're certainly not surprised to see it come in, a little bit choppy this year as -- certainly, we're dealing with delays in delinquencies in the supply base, but I presume that most of the industry is as well. And given the number of partially completed machines, I think we'll continue to see that data come in waves and be a little bit choppy as we get through the rest of the year. Certainly, with respect to market share on any given month, it's really a function of who can produce what that month. And so again, that'll be a little bit choppy. Certainly, particularly in the first quarter, we probably outperformed our own expectations there with respect to what we could deliver given the work stoppage. I'd say other than that, we have -- feel like we've been holding our own in terms of retailing machines. We do have a couple of standouts, though, and bright spots. ADRs, in particular, is a product line that we've had a lot of success outperforming the industry in terms of production. Mannheim tractors is as well. So if you look at the first half of the year, we picked up a little bit of market share on the ADRs, and then also in Europe, for our high horsepower tractors and certainly look to holding on to that lead as we produce through the back half of the year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Kristen, as it relates to the demand piece specifically, we have not seen that shift or change or cool as it pertains to large ag in particular. Anecdotally, for example, in Brazil, as we opened month-to-month, we filled a month of production in a day when we opened it. And as we start to get ready for early order programs, we're anticipating strong activity as we're talking to dealers who are already working with customers. So we think that demand environment continues and provides a good tailwind for '23.
Ryan Campbell: Kristen, it's Ryan. Maybe just to add. Some of the customer sentiment surveys are -- can be driven by just the overall volatility in the environment and the input pressures and concerns that customers may have with respect to that. Ultimately, demand comes from the actual economics, which we see continuing to be favorable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: So I kind of want to go back to this first half, second half thing, if we could. And it feels like a lot of what you're planning on is -- requires the supply chain to sort of improve going forward and get you those parts you need to get those parked vehicles shipped. So I'm curious, A, how did that play out in April? Because it feels like it actually may be deteriorated a little bit, but correct me if I'm wrong. And then secondarily, just how much visibility do you have on that in the second half to give you that confidence in that kind of ramp that we're seeing?
Brent Norwood : Yes. Thanks, Steve, for the question. I think with respect to the supply base, we have seen supply base that got, I would say, progressively worse over the course of 2021. And then really since the fourth quarter of '21, we characterize the supply base as just kind of persistent challenges. We wouldn't say that it's necessarily deteriorated over the course of 2022 or gotten better. It's just been persistently challenging throughout the first half of the year. We would expect to see that continue -- that same environment to continue over the second half. So our guidance does contemplate kind of a similar level of choppiness in the supply base as we progress through the year. We don't necessarily see it moderating or getting better. I think what's a little bit interesting is the -- some of the root causes have changed quarter-from-quarter, but the end result has been the same, right? In the first quarter, we were primarily grappling with Omicron and a high degree of absenteeism. In the second quarter, we spent a lot of our time responding to recent global geopolitical events as well as lockdowns in China that are having an indirect impact on us through just the bottleneck of global logistics networks. So when we think about the rest of the year though, we would expect to see that continue a bit. And our guidance certainly contemplates that. And we think the current conditions do support our second half production schedule, and we do have confidence that we will get the parts that we need to complete those machines that are currently in inventory, ultimately having those ship in retail mostly in the third quarter, maybe a little bit in the fourth quarter there.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Tami Zakaria from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Tami Zakaria: I think you mentioned you're taking orders for 2023 in Europe, and order books are opening next month on North America. So what's the pricing you expect to realize for these products next year given this year has been -- is shaping up to be a really strong year in terms of pricing?
Brent Norwood : With respect to order books, maybe before I even get to fiscal year '23, it's just important to note, fiscal year '22 is largely complete at this point for most of our product lines. We will have our early order programs open up for crop care in early June, which is fairly typical for our planters and sprayers. We would expect combines to begin sometime in the fall period. Again, that's fairly standard for us. For our rolling order books, we'll see Waterloo open up here in the next couple of weeks. And Mannheim is actually already opened up for fiscal year '23, and we're about quarter full for the first year or for the next fiscal year there. And importantly, we are putting pauses in all of these order programs so that we do maintain a little bit of flexibility in pricing as we have an eye towards how material and freight costs are fluctuating into next year. With respect to our crop care or the order program, where we do have prices set, we are seeing pricing for crop care products in the high single digits for next year. So we would expect pricing to be above trend line for those products going into next year.
Operator: Our next question or comment is from John Joyner from BMO. Your line is open.
John Joyner: So maybe asking Steve's question a slightly different way. When looking at the back half shipments, how do you envision the cadence of the ramp higher? Or maybe where are you run rating today versus the level that you expect to get to in the fourth quarter?
Brent Norwood : Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. With respect to our cadence, we do expect to see a slightly different seasonal pattern than maybe what many investors have come to expect from Deere. Some of this had really been in our plans all along with the work stoppage in the first quarter, in the new product programs that we're launching like the X9 combine and the 9R tractor. So we'll see production progressively ramp each and every quarter, two, three and then ultimately leading to the fourth quarter, which should likely be our highest quarter with respect to production. Part of what's boosting that as well again is just the completion of those semi-completed machines that are currently on Deere lots in our inventory. So that will also help. But keep in mind, too, when doing a comparison of '21 to the back half of '22, most of our UAW factories were shut down for the last couple of weeks of October. So that's going to give us a significant higher number of production days in the fourth quarter of '22 than what we saw into '21. So those are some of the things that are impacting our back half of this year relative to what folks saw in the back half of '21. Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Thein from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Tim Thein: I just wanted to circle back with the comments on the spring EOP and the pricing that's been communicated to dealers. Josh, historically, how good of a reference point -- obviously, a lot of different products within PPA, but how good of a just proxy should we think of that to the segment as a whole, i.e., those planters and sprayers relative to large ag as a whole?
Brent Norwood : Yes. With respect to our EOP programs and how that serves as a proxy for other large ag product lines, it's a really important first data point for us. First, from just a demand perspective. Typically, what we see in the early order program for crop care does have some correlation to what we'll see for combines and tractors as well just from an overall demand perspective. As it relates to price increases, again, I would say that the pricing that we see for our crop care products, planters and sprayers, is generally fairly correlated to the pricing we'd see for large tractors and combines in the North America market. You'll see different price as we look through other regions. As you think about a market like Brazil, we have maybe the most dynamic pricing capabilities there due to the way that we manage our order fulfillment process. And due to higher inflation there and fluctuating FX, you may see pricing in Brazil different and detached a little bit from what we do in our North American market. But other than that, I would say the read-through from our crop care products to other North American products is generally pretty good.
Josh Jepsen: Tim, this is Josh. One other thing to add, too, that we'll watch really closely is what are we seeing with technology uptake in that early order program. And particularly when you look at planters and sprayers and given the increases in input costs and what we can deliver from a value point of view, we would say our value proposition on a lot of those things has gotten even better with higher input costs and being able to be more precise and more accurate to deliver better outcomes for our customers. So as we roll those out here, we'll be watching that closely, too, because we think there's a tremendous amount of opportunity with those features and tools.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could just talk about for the construction and forestry business now that you've completed the excavator technology acquisition, what's the impact on the margin profile of the business? And can you update us on your smart industrial strategy for C and F specifically now that you have that entire product suite?
Brent Norwood : Yes. Thanks, Jerry. With respect to our construction and forestry division, this is really the first quarter that we are operating post the joint venture that we've historically held with Hitachi. Maybe just a quick update on how that's going so far. We still have a supply agreement with Hitachi, and they're still an incredibly important partner to us as we transition during this time. And so far, that has been a really great partnership, and operations have run very smoothly out of our Kernersville factory in North Carolina. So things are going really well on that front. Certainly, longer term, we would see this as margin accretive to us. And the way that we've accounted for that historically has put the excavator product line for us at a lower margin relative to other large earthmoving equipment. And so we do see an opportunity to improve that certainly. And in the short term, though, it may be hard to ferret out exactly what the impact to margins is given the noise of the gain on the remeasurement. But ex that, I think we'll see a little bit of margin accretion this year. But really, it's the out years where I think that will continue to deliver for us.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. On the technology side, Jerry, I think like in ag, this is where technology can play a huge role in driving profitability and sustainability for our customers, and importantly, safety as well. So you think about labor challenges, skill labor on the job site, a tool like smart grade effectively automates the job that someone with not a tremendous amount of experience can get in and perform a job as well as an experienced operator, reducing rework a time like today when contractors have more jobs than they can do and if I can reduce rework because I'm automating parts of the production system, that allows our customers to get more done. So this -- the smart industrial strategy and leveraging technology into construction, earthmoving, road building is a big opportunity. We're at the very early stages of this, but a lot of opportunity to create value for our customers. And we're going to continue to methodically work through that. Bringing the excavator in-house is a key step to unlock more value there.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Can I first have the clarification of something that was said earlier? I think, Josh, you mentioned the machines still waiting on parts if you look at the back half of the year's, year-over-year growth. It represents close to 25%. Do you mean 25% year-over-year growth just from those machines shipping? Or do you mean of the needed growth in the back half of the year, roughly a quarter of it, 25% of it is going come from the machines that are waiting for a partial?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. The latter. Of the growth that we see in the back half of quarter of it is effectively represented by those machines waiting on parts.
David Raso: So that's the genesis of my question. It looks like the sequential growth from, say, the second quarter run rate for the rest of the year -- I mean it's principally in production and precision ag. And if you look at what's needed in the second half of the year, you basically need to be about 23% higher 2Q to what you average in 3Q and 4Q. So maybe it'd be helpful for us, can we just break that down? It sounds like the inventory part could be 10% of it, 10% or 11%, let's call it, using your math of that '23 sequential. Can you help us with the two other key pieces you alluded to? Pricing maybe is adding more dollars sequentially, right, from 2Q to 3Q. And then also the production day comment, the shutdowns. Can you help us a little bit with what level of production day you'll have second half versus, say, what we ran in 2Q? Because I think getting that 23%, I mean, those are the three buckets, right? It's partially built inventory. Hey, we're going to take -- not take the shutdowns that we usually do, and then you get a little better pricing.
Brent Norwood : Yes. David, thanks for the question. You're absolutely right. Price is certainly a component of it. You saw us raise our price realization forecast for production and precision ag from 10% to 13%. If you look year-to-date for production and precision ag, I think we've averaged close to 10% in the first half of the year. So the implication on the last two quarters is that we'll get a little bit more than that. And so that's part of the explanation for the higher revenue year-over-year. With respect to the shutdown period, it really varies factory by factory. Some factories shut down for a couple of weeks and others shutdown for more or less than that. So it really is dependent on what factory we're talking about. But net-net, the minimization of factory shutdowns, plus the lack of a work stoppage that we experienced in October of 2021, all contribute to higher production days year-over-year that help us support the build schedule that we have currently in place. Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Michael Feniger from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Feniger: There's a lot of commentary right now in the market with consumers "trading" down. Obviously, farmers are facing higher input costs where there was reference to the sentiment indicators for farmers have weakened. I'm curious from your vantage point, have you seen any evidence of farmers trading down in just certain areas? I recognize that Deere's technology helps improve efficiencies for farmers. But is there any sticker shock being observed there? Are farmers trading down certain product categories to kind of compensate for the higher input costs?
Brent Norwood : Thanks for the question. With respect to price, so far what we've seen in 2022 is it hasn't had much of effect on demand. And as we noted, we're already seeing indication of interest for '23, even though some products may be above trend line price realization already for '23. Certainly, with the material and freight inflation that we're experiencing on our end is real. And we price for the following year, we take that into account to make sure that we maintain our price/cost ratios. If you think about the large ag customer to -- machinery is still a relatively smaller portion of their P&L. The bulk of their variable cost structure really relates to seed, fertilizer and chemicals. I mean the inputs is where the bulk of their variable costs have always been. And those variable costs are increasing at a much more significant rate than machinery costs. And in many cases, our machinery is lessening the usage and reliance on some of these inputs. So the more inflation that we see in chemical and fertilizer costs, in many cases, the more valuable our equipment has become to them. I would make just kind of one other point on that is we have seen significant appreciation in used pricing as well, which has really been helpful for our customers who are purchasing new equipment. It's had the impact of limiting that trade differential for them, which has helped us price -- helped us get the price we've been able to get this year and I think will be helpful as we look towards next year as well.
Ryan Campbell: Mike, it's Ryan. Maybe just quickly. We see our take rates for our tech that allow our customers to manage their P&L better. They continue to be very strong, and we would expect them to get stronger. So if anything, we see customers trading up, not down.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Brent, you just made a comment about used values in general. I guess I'm curious what you saw with used values in the quarter. Was there any particular strengthening there? And if so, should that be an incremental benefit to the FinCo? I guess related to that, I saw that you raised the provision for credit losses. Was that just for Russia? Or can you talk about why that would be and how that might kind of reconcile or relate to a sort of farmer income and farmer confidence?
Brent Norwood : Yes. With respect to used pricing, we've seen it be pretty strong really for the last 12 months to 18 months. I wouldn't say we had any change from that pattern in the second quarter. It's been consistently strong and consistently outpacing pricing for new equipment. As it relates to John Deere Financial, we'd say that we've really benefited from a higher average portfolio this year and very favorable credit conditions. You will see our provision for credit loss tick up a little bit in the second quarter, and part of that was due to the events in Russia and Ukraine. And also just a really tough compare to 2Q '21, whereas the backdrop was improving significantly, I think we had a negative provision in the second quarter. So you're just seeing that normalize out. Our provision is still well below the 15-year average. So all in all, conditions for John Deere Financial remain very favorable. And maybe just a quick comment on the lease book as well. We continue to see return rates decline. And really, at this point, they're almost -- for large ag, I would say almost approaching zero there. And then recovery rates on that, which does get returned, have been increasing for the last 18 months. So the quality of the JDF portfolio is really good right now, and we expect to see that continue in the interim.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Larry De Maria from William Blair. Your line is open.
Larry De Maria: You made a comment earlier in the call that the average age was increasing, which is obviously one of the reasons why we're getting trade-ins because the farmers want to make their fleet younger. Can you talk a little bit maybe more specifically on the average age? And also, where are we are now? And how many years would it take do you think to get back towards some equilibrium kind of number where farmers are comfortable?
Brent Norwood : As it relates to the fleet age, we have seen it age out -- really since 2013, I think we've aged out every year since then. And really what's led to the further aging of the fleet these last two years has really been the industry's inability to meet demand in '21 into '22. So overall, it's aged out a little bit even in '22, right, which means we haven't kind of fully hit volumes to replace the equipment that's coming out of the fleet. Tractors is where we see the most aging in '22. Combines, we actually did produce just enough to bind the age of the fleet down a little bit. We're still well above average there, but we at least produced enough to begin that process of replacing the combine fleet. Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Chad Dillard from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about your industry view on small ag. It looks like you kept volume growth flat, but we've seen in the AEM data sales down to the mid to high single digits, at least on a year-to-date basis. So can you just talk about like what gives you the confidence that we'll be able to kind of see growth in the second half? And then as it pertains to Deere, how are you guys thinking about restocking relative to retail demand?
Brent Norwood : Yes. With respect to our small ag and turf business, we've seen retail data come in really choppy there, and in some cases, down. I think there's a number of things that are impacting that in the interim. First and foremost, part of that is just exceedingly low inventory levels are probably starting to have an impact on retail settlements right now. That's been -- particularly as you get into things like utility vehicles, writing line equipment, compact utility tractors, those continue to be fairly scarce. So that is impacting, I think, the number of retail settlements. Also, we are seeing a little bit of an impact from just the late spring that we have here. Typically early spring drive a lot of sale -- sales for those types of equipment. So that's certainly having an impact. Kind of further compounding the issue, though, is our small ag and turf business has probably been the most impacted by acute shortages, particularly here referring to writing line equipment and utility vehicles, where constraints around small engines has been a real factor limiting volume, not just for Deere, but for the industry as a whole. And so we -- as we get through the year, we continue to see that be a governing factor ultimately on where volumes can go for small ag and turf. Kanlaya, anything you'd add to that?
Kanlaya Barr: Yes. Just to kind of give some ideas on where the market is right now. When you look at the protein prices, with the pork and also poultry all at record high and also milk demand continues to be very strong as well. So that's going to help support and help offset the rising feed cost. So I think the margin in that market is still looking pretty steady.
Brent Norwood : It looks like we have one last caller.
Operator: Our final question comes from Seth Weber from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: I guess just going back on the supply chain. I assume semiconductors is problematic. Is there anything else you'd call out there? And then just related to the semiconductors, is there -- so the assumption is the message that the mix is disproportionately being hurt on the precision and the tech side because of the semiconductor issue there, is that really weighing on mix and that should get better in the back half of the year as well? Is that the right way to think about it?
Brent Norwood : Yes. With respect to the supply chain, we are seeing issues be fairly broad-based. Our supply management team would describe it as whack-a-mole. Certainly, chips are an issue and will probably continue to be an issue as we work through the year. I would say, so far, we've managed that and have been able to keep that from having a material impact on mix of any kind. But as we look to the back half of the year, I would expect us not to single out any particular area of the supply base just due to the broad-based nature of it. I mean we're seeing challenges with castings and wire harnesses and hydraulics and pumps and tires. And it really just depends on the day in terms of what's causing challenges for us. Fortunately, our supply management team has really done an excellent job of working through each of these as they come up. And we've been able to solve them without any material work stoppages or any particular mix issues to call out.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Deere & Company First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Robin. Hello. Good morning. Also on the call today are John May, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ryan Campbell, CFO; Jill Sanchez, Manager of Sustainability and Investor Relations; and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deeres first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2022. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media maybe stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I will now turn the call over to Brent Norwood.
Brent Norwood: John Deere completed the first quarter with sound execution despite managing through a very dynamic period. Financial results for the quarter included an 11% margin for the equipment operations. Strong ag fundamentals carried over from fiscal year 21 and have remained solid through the beginning of fiscal year 22, with our order books largely full through the balance of the year. Meanwhile, construction and forestry markets also continue to benefit from strong demand and price realization, contributing to the divisions solid performance in the quarter. Slide 3 shows the results for the first quarter. Net sales and revenues were up 5% to $9.569 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were up 6% to $8.531 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $903 million or $2.92 per diluted share. Now, lets turn to a review of our Production & Precision Ag business starting on Slide 4. Net sales of $3.356 billion were up 9% compared to the first quarter last year, primarily due to price realization and higher shipment volumes. Price realization in the quarter was positive by about 8 points and currency translation was negative by roughly 2 points. Operating profit was $296 million, resulting in a 9% operating margin for the segment compared to a 21% margin for the same period last year. The year-over-year decrease was due to higher production costs and an unfavorable sales mix. The higher production costs were largely the result of higher material and freight costs as well as lower overhead absorption at the factories affected by the delayed ratification of our labor agreement. These items were partially offset by the improved price realization and higher shipment volumes. The most recent quarter was negatively affected by the UAW contract ratification bonus, while the prior period benefited from a favorable indirect tax ruling in Brazil. Shifting focus to Small Ag & Turf on Slide 5, net sales were up 5%, totaling $2.631 billion in the first quarter as price realization more than offset lower shipment volumes. Price realization in the quarter was positive by just over 6 points, while currency translation was negative by about 1 point. For the quarter, operating profit was down year-over-year at $371 million, resulting in a 14.1% operating margin. The decreased profit was primarily due to higher production costs and a combination of lower sales and an unfavorable sales mix. These items were partially offset by price realization. Slide 6 shows our industry outlook for ag and turf markets globally. In the U.S. and Canada, we expect industry sales of large ag equipment to be up approximately 20%, reflecting another strong year of demand. In fiscal year 21, customer demand outpaced the industrys ability to supply, driven by the combination of strong fundamentals, advanced fleet age and low field inventory. With all of these dynamics still present in fiscal year 22, we expect demand to exceed the industrys ability to produce for a second consecutive year as supply based delays continue to constrain shipments. Order books for the upcoming year are mostly full, except for a few cases where we have paused orders to allow us to reevaluate inflationary pressures later in the year. In the Small Ag & Turf segment, we expect industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to remain largely flat for the year as supply challenges continue to limit the industrys ability to produce. Following two years of robust demand, field inventory levels are at multiyear lows and unlikely to begin recovery until sometime in 2023. Moving on to Europe. The industry is forecasted to be up roughly 5% as higher commodity prices strengthen business conditions in the arable segment and dairy prices remain resilient even as we are starting to see modest pressure on margins from rising input costs. We expect the industry will continue to face supply-based constraints resulting in demand outstripping production for the year. At this time, our order book extends through the duration of fiscal year 22. In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to increase between 5% to 10%. Farmer sentiment and profitability remain at all-time highs as our customers benefit from robust commodity prices, record production and a favorable currency environment. Our order books reflect this strong sentiment and currently extends into May, which is as far as we have allowed it to grow. Industry sales in Asia are forecasted to be flat as India, the worlds largest tractor market by units, moderates from record volumes achieved in 2021. Moving on to our segment forecasts, beginning on Slide 7. For Production & Precision Ag, net sales are now forecasted to be up between 25% to 30% in fiscal year 22. The forecast assumes about 10 points of positive price realization for the full year and roughly 2 points of currency headwind. For the segments operating margin, our full year forecast is now between 21% and 22%, reflecting consistently solid financial performance across all geographic regions. Slide 8 shows our forecast for the Small Ag & Turf segment. We now expect net sales in fiscal year 22 to be up about 15%. This guidance includes 8 points of positive price realization and 2 points of currency headwind. The segments operating margin is forecasted between 15.5% and 16.5%. The decreased sales guidance relative to our previous forecast reflects supply challenges, particularly with limitations around small engines, while higher material and freight costs are pressuring margins. Now, lets focus on Construction & Forestry on Slide 9. For the quarter, net sales of $2.544 billion were up 3%, primarily due to price realization and higher shipment volumes. Last year, Wirtgens one-month reporting lag was eliminated, resulting in four months of Wirtgen activity in the first quarter of 2021, which increased net sales by $270 million. Operating profit moved slightly higher year-over-year to $272 million, resulting in an 11% operating margin due to price realization, partially offset by higher production costs and lower sales and unfavorable sales mix. The higher production costs were largely a result of higher material and freight costs as well as poor overhead absorption at the factories affected by the delayed ratification of our labor agreement. Additionally, the current period was impacted by the ratification bonus, while last years results included impairments of long-lived assets. Lets turn to our 2022 Construction & Forestry industry outlook on Slide 10. Industry sales of earthmoving equipment in North America are expected to be up between 5% to 10%, while the compact construction market is now forecasted to be flat to up 5%. End markets for earthmoving and compact equipment are expected to remain strong in our fiscal year 22 forecast, benefiting from continued strength in the housing market, increased activity in the oil and gas sector as well as strong CapEx programs from the independent rental companies. The decrease in our compact construction equipment outlook is entirely due to supply constraints affecting those product lines. Overall, demand for earthmoving and compact construction equipment is expected to exceed our production for the year, resulting in continued low inventory levels. Demand related to infrastructure has yet to materialize and will likely begin in fiscal year 23. Global road building markets are expected to be up between 5% to 10%, with growth in the North American market offsetting some weakness in China. In forestry, we expect the industry to be up 10% to 15% as lumber production looks to remain at elevated levels throughout the year, with lumber prices rising again after coming down from peaks last summer. Moving to the C&F segment outlook on Slide 11, Deeres Construction & Forestry 2022 net sales are forecasted to be up between 10% to 15%. Our net sales guidance for the year includes 8.5 points of positive price realization and 2 points of negative currency impact. We are maintaining our outlook for the segments operating margin at between 13.5% and 14.5%. The year is benefiting from increases in price and volume and a lack of one-time items from the prior year. Lets move now to our financial services operations on Slide 12. Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the first quarter was $231 million, benefiting from income earned on higher average portfolio balances and improved performance of our operating lease residual values. For fiscal year 2022, we maintain our net income outlook at $870 million as the segment is expected to continue to benefit from a higher average portfolio balance. Slide 13 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year 22, we are raising our outlook for net income to be between $6.7 billion and $7.1 billion. The full year forecast is inclusive of the impact of higher raw material prices and logistics costs. At this time, our forecasted price realization is expected to outpace both material and freight cost for the entire year, though we were price cost negative in the first quarter and expect the second quarter to include our highest material and freight inflationary costs when compared to last year. As we progress through the second half of the year, we expect those material and freight comparisons to improve. Moving on to tax, our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate projected to be between 25% and 27%. Lastly, cash flow from equipment operations is now expected to be in the range of $6.2 billion to $6.6 billion and includes a $1 billion voluntary contribution to our OPEB plan, which occurred in the first quarter. At this time, I will turn things over to John May, our Chairman and CEO, for some comments on the companys new LEAP ambitions. John?
John May: Yes. Thanks, Brent. First, I just want to convey how incredibly excited I am to announce our new LEAP ambitions. We are uniquely positioned to deliver both economic and sustainable outcomes for our customers, employees and our broader stakeholders. These goals demonstrate the enormous opportunity in front of us and I firmly believe that our greatest potential still lies ahead. Before launching into the framework of our new LEAP ambitions, I first want to revisit the journey we have taken to get to this point. Almost 2 years ago, we launched our smart industrial strategy. Through that process, we really accomplished four things. We reorganized the company around the way our customers do business, which we call production systems. We focused our capital allocation on differentiated value-creating solutions. We also centralized our technology development under a CTO, our Chief Technology Officer and created a group dedicated entirely to lifecycle solutions. Our financial and operating results over the last 2 years demonstrate the tangible impact of our operating model. By organizing our company to mirror our customers production systems, we gained incredible insights on how to best unlock increased value for them. The new structure also allowed us to further empower our team, giving us agility to respond more quickly to the ever changing market conditions we faced over the last 2 years. In addition, we overhauled our capital allocation framework, enabling us to exit business that were unprofitable or didnt fit our strategy. We then redeployed that capital to the parts of our business that are the most differentiated and aligned to our strategy. And though the centralization of our tech stack, we have been able to drive leverage across our businesses and make significant investments in technology, strengthening our capabilities in digital, automation, autonomy and electrification. I am incredibly proud of what our employees have accomplished throughout one of the most dynamic periods in the companys history. Amazingly, we executed all these changes during a global pandemic, a ramp in customer demand and significant supplier and labor challenges. These challenges introduced a high level of uncertainty, but our team really powered through it to strengthen our foundation for the future. Quite frankly, introducing this amount of change during such a dynamic period, it felt risky at times, but Ive come through it convinced more today than ever that it will be  it was absolutely necessary to position our company for the opportunity ahead of us and energize our team to achieve new levels of performance. In just a short period of time, we have made significant progress on our financial goals that we set back at my first Analyst Day in 2020 and are delivering value-creating technologies to our customers at a rapid pace, such as the recent unveiling of our autonomous ADAR and automated tillage tool that we launched at CES. I am also convinced that to realize our full potential, we must set even higher goals. The actions we took over the last 2 years were the foundational steps required for us to define our next steps of ambitions. The reorganization of the company and a structurally improved financial position were critical steps that position us to make the investments required to identify and achieve these new goals. So with that context, I am excited to share our new goals, our LEAP ambitions, which will help us achieve our companys purpose of both delivering economic and sustainable value for our customers over the next decade. Our LEAP ambition framework has three simple components. First, we sized the incremental market opportunity, then we identified the key actions required, and lastly, we define the desired outcomes we hope to achieve. The journey to develop our LEAP ambitions started with sizing the new value-creating opportunities ahead of us. Through the work of our production systems teams, we have developed deep insights into the jobs our customers do, enabling us to deliver better quantify areas, where our technology and solutions can unlock economic headroom for our customers. So, across our three businesses, we see over $150 billion in incremental addressable market for Deere. That figure represents the new opportunity for all the stakeholders across the applicable acres, job sites in which our products and solutions operate. This is entirely ahead of us and represents a tremendous opportunity for top line and margin growth over the remainder of the decade. This growth will provide a continued path for Deere to share in that value creation, rewarding employees, dealers and shareholders for the investments being made. After identifying the size of the opportunity, we then define the key executional drivers by segment required to unlock that value. We did this to offer more insight into some of the key growth investments we are making, Progressing our capabilities in digitalization, autonomy, automation and electrification are key to creating both value for our customers and revenue growth for Deere. So our future investment profile will reflect this focus. Additionally, we identified executional drivers applicable to all three segments such as connected machines and business model transformation, which are each critical enablers of the ambitions. Lastly, our Leap Ambitions include measurable financial and sustainable outcomes. Due to the structural improvements we have made over the last 2 years, weve made clear progress on our 15% margin goal. And we have now set our sights even higher. Like 2030, we see a path to 20% margins at the equipment operations level. That goal includes the impact of the increase in growth of investments required to deliver the next generation of advanced technologies to our customers. Its also important to note that we aligned our environmental goals with our financial goals because for us, the two are intertwined. Executing our business plan will help us and, importantly, our customers in achieving both financial and sustainable outcomes without having to choose one over the other, something you will see clearly in our sustainability report, which we just published today as well. Our latest sustainability goals include improvements upon our existing suite of eco efficiency goals. While the bar to include a Scope 3 reduction target, we raised that bar for our Scope 3 target reduction as well as enhanced customer outcomes through reduced use of costly inputs with high carbon footprints. Overall, Im incredibly proud of the progress weve made and of the Leap Ambitions, which are possible because of our smart industrial strategy and demonstrate the tremendous growth opportunity that lies ahead.  With that, Ill turn things back over to Brent.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, John. Before we open up the line for Q&A, we will first address a few of the likely questions around the quarter as well as some of the details of our new Leap Ambitions. To cover the range of topics, Ill engage todays call participants to provide some additional color, and then we will open up the line for additional questions. First, Id like to start with the current environment across our businesses. John, can you provide some additional color around our execution in the quarter?
John May: Yes, Brent. First, I really want to start with thanking our employees for overcoming a lot of adversity in the quarter. As you can see from the results, our factories were able to ramp up production rather quickly throughout the quarter. In fact, the AEM data, which is shown on Slide 20, shows that we outpaced the industry for the quarter in all but one of the categories. That is an amazing feat when you consider that many of our factories were down for 5 weeks because of work disruption. The credit for this impressive performance goes first to the factory employees, who did an outstanding job post ratification of our labor agreement, and next to our dealers who have managed through delays due to both supply chain challenges and work stoppages at our factories. They have done an incredible work rescheduling deliveries and making the necessary accommodations ahead of planting season to ensure our customers needs are taken care of. Its worth noting that our supply base will likely remain challenged throughout fiscal year 2022. Issues continue to arise and our guidance contemplates successful resolution of these issues without significant disruptions. Components with heavy labor content remain in tight supply. And of course, semiconductor availability will continue to be limited throughout the year. Our supply management teams are working tirelessly on mitigation actions such as multi-sourcing, additional investments in supplier tooling and even, in some cases, helping our suppliers with supplemental John Deere labor. While the operating environment has been challenging, our supply partners are working with us to solve these challenges. I am proud of our collective efforts to get products into our customers hands as soon as possible in this challenging environment.
Brent Norwood: What can you tell us about the demand environment? Are supply-based challenges cooling demand at all?
John May: Not at all, Brent. As you noted, our order books across all of our businesses are mostly full for the year, except in a few cases where we paused orders to allow for more price  dynamic pricing. Our guidance does reflect order restrictions where our supply base has constrained our ability to produce. In fact, fiscal year 2022 will be the second year in a row in which the industry demand has outstripped supply. Thats why we are already getting interest in our model year 2023 products. While we havent opened up model year 2023 yet, we will likely get started on that in the second quarter of the year.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, John. Thats helpful color commentary on the quarter. Lets pivot to the companys new Leap Ambitions. First, help us understand the timing of these goals. Why now, 2 years into the smart industrial strategy?
John May: As I noted earlier, the first 2 years of the smart industrial operating model were about repositioning the organization. There were a lot of structural shifts needed before we could set goals that truly reflect our potential. Weve worked  weve done a lot of work with our org design, also with our capital allocation process and standing up our CTO organization and have put  and that has put us in a position where we can achieve these ambitions. We also had a suite of legacy goals that were sunsetting in fiscal year 2022, so the timing worked out well in that respect. Id also like to point out that the new goals contain both 4 and 8-year horizons, highlighting that longer lead times will be required to achieve some of our goals.
Brent Norwood: There is certainly a lot more goals than weve disclosed in the past. Can you talk through the framework for our goals and explain why this suite of goals, ambitions is more comprehensive than years past?
John May: Yes, Id be happy to, Brent. Youre right. In the past, we publicly highlighted our financial goals. Usually, it would be a margin goal or an SVA type of goal. And then we had some eco efficiency goals, which were publicized less and not explicitly connected to our strategy. When we updated our strategy in 2020, it was clear that sustainability was going to be an integral part of our strategy and that the future goals would need to be better conveyed and with a lot more prominence. Well, there are a lot of different goals, the framework is relatively simple. It starts with identifying the new opportunities to create value. We call that incremental addressable market. Then we identified the key executional drivers required to unlock that incremental market. Last, we defined the outcomes we expect to generate, both in terms of financial and sustainable outcomes for Deere and our customers. Where Deeres position is truly unique is that a singular strategy will deliver better financial returns for Deere and its stakeholders. It will also deliver aligned positive, sustainable outcomes. The alignment between the two is a key motivator for our team.
Brent Norwood: Lets jump into some of the specifics. While weve touched on the concept at a high level, what do you mean by incremental addressable market? And can you give an example?
Josh Jepsen: Sure, this is Josh. I can take that one. Through the work of the production systems teams, we attempt to quantify the total value of a new or prospective solution that we will deliver. And if we use Ag as an example, we multiply that value by the addressable acres to arrive at the incremental addressable market figure. The total value represents the entirety of the economic headroom unlock that will then be shared by Deere, our customers and other industry stakeholders. So our figure here is forward-looking, does not include solutions that are already in the market today, things like ExactEmerge or ExactApply. See & Spray Ultimate is an easy example to follow. Simply put, See & Spray vastly reduces the amount of herbicide required to grow a crop. The incremental addressable market would calculate the herbicide savings per acre multiplied by the addressable acres. Thats the value of the solution that gets shared between Deere, customers and other stakeholders.
Brent Norwood: So the ambitions include several executional drivers, such as goals around digital engagement, electrification and business model transformation. John, can you talk about the rationale to include these type of goals?
John May: Sure, Brent. Weve always had internal goals around key executional items that help us deliver our business results. By making these public, we can help investors and stakeholders better understand our top priorities and give a better insight to the things we need to execute to unlock the immense opportunity ahead.
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Brent, this is Ryan. Id like to add on to that by noting some of the key themes in our executional drivers. They should be familiar to those that have been following us but they are worth additional commentary. The segment-specific goals largely center around digitization, automation, autonomy and electrification. The inclusion of these themes in our Leap Ambitions indicates the focus of our capital allocation plans. As it relates to autonomy, you might ask why we dont have a specific call out in our Production & Precision Ag segment. With our acquisition of Bear Flag Robotics and our CES announcement of our fully autonomous ADAR, we are aggressively working to deliver on these products and expand our offerings. In this segment, weve been working on autonomy for the last few years and felt we did not need a separate specific executional call-out at this point. Expect to see an increasing portion of our capital allocation weighted to these themes through R&D, CapEx and M&A. The structural improvements that we have made over the last few years were critical for us to be able to accelerate our investments in these key growth areas while also generating higher operating returns. These investments are key drivers for our ability to unlock the significant opportunity in front of us.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Ryan. Lets pivot to some of the outcomes included in our Leap Ambitions, starting with our sustainability goals. First, Id like to ask Jill to update us on the status of our existing sustainability goals that will sunset in 2022.
Jill Sanchez: Sure, Brent. Thanks. So were definitely still committed to seeing our existing goal sweep through to the end of 2022. We feel good about achieving success there, with our progress on Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions being a real standout. We just published our 2021 Sustainability Report today, and you can see our progress on these goals to date in that report. Also, as you look at the Leap Ambitions, youll notice that we will continue to focus on the key areas that were covered by our 2022 goals, but were raising the bar for ourselves in those areas as we look to the future.
Brent Norwood: What about some of the new goals were stacking on top of our existing ones? Which one of those new goals stands out for you, Jill?
Jill Sanchez: Yes. We have added a few more key areas that we will be focusing on going forward. One of the most significant to highlight is the inclusion of Scope 3 targets. There, we have committed to working with the Science-based Targets Initiative to align on a pathway for us to achieve a 30% reduction in our Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, which includes a focus on our products as well as our supply chain by 2030. To accomplish this, we are actively exploring and innovating alternative power solutions that will address the emissions of the products we produce. And as you look at the full picture of the Leap Ambitions, youll see that this goal is directly linked to some of the executional drivers we have around electrification and demonstrating the viability of low- and no-carbon power solutions by 2026.
Brent Norwood: And what about goals pertaining to customer outcomes? What can you tell us about those?
Jill Sanchez: Sure. In a lot of respects, the underlying themes around our Ag customer outcome goals are not new at all for us. As weve demonstrated in last years sustainability report as well as the report we just published today, our strategy has already been delivering solutions that unlock better economic and sustainable outcomes for our customers. In the past, we focused a lot on the economic piece as weve worked on product development and going to market with our product solutions. Going forward, we will, for sure, continue to focus on the economic piece, but you can expect to see us balancing that with the sustainability element as well. As an organization, this means we will be working throughout the development process to demonstrate and measure the impact that our technologies and solutions have not only on profitability and productivity but also on the carbon footprint and environmental impact of our customers operations. As precision technologies continue to reduce the inputs used per unit of output, the environmental impact of generating that output improves. And this is increasingly of interest in our customer base for a variety of reasons. First, our customers are seeing that the customers they serve are increasingly interested in traceability. Second, new markets are emerging such as carbon trading markets that present completely new revenue opportunities for our customers. And third, jurisdictions around the world are implementing new regulations that impact how our customers can execute their jobs. So through our precision tools and digital operations center, we feel confident we can address all of these by making our customers more profitable while also positioning them to continue serving their customers dynamic needs, enabling them to access these new markets and easing their regulatory burdens.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Jill. Lets change focus for a bit to the goals pertaining to business model transformation and financial outcomes. Starting with the goal to reach 10% recurring revenue by 2030, Ryan, can you comment on the reason for its inclusion and give some expectations for what that journey may look like over the next few years?
Ryan Campbell: Yes, Brent. The goal reflects that the nature of our solutions is changing. Many of our future solutions will have a higher component of software and machine learning content. They will also evolve and improve over time. We will have the ability to support these products well after the point of sale, through over-the-year updates that add new capabilities or productivity enhancements. As a result, we will adapt our business model to reflect the continual value creation and improving nature of the solution sets. More total solutions will feature a renewable license component to them versus pricing almost exclusively at the point of sale. While it will take some time to build the base of recurring revenue, we see the potential for a future less dependent on the number of units of new equipment sales, which should help decrease the amplitude of our business cycle. And just as important, there is a significant customer benefit to this shift as future solutions may require a smaller upfront capital outlay versus the value created and also more closely match the payments to delivery of value. We think this will push adoption faster and deeper into the installed base, and different business models can also make some technologies more accessible to a broader set of producers.
Brent Norwood: So our Leap Ambitions show that we are revising our equipment operations through cycle margin goal from 15% up to 20%. How did you arrive at the 20% goal?
Ryan Campbell: Keep in mind that the 20% is a through-cycle target compared to the 15% we have today. The 20% through-cycle target balances the investments that we will make to capitalize on this unique opportunity but also delivers continued margin improvement. It also balances the business model evolution to more recurring revenue, which will have some short-term margin trade-offs that ultimately should lead to increased margins and reduce variability in our performance over the long-term.
Brent Norwood: Can you go into a little more detail on the journey to achieve that 20% target?
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Sure, Brent. Although were not providing a growth rate or longer term revenue target, we clearly expect growth to be the key driver in our ability to generate higher returns. Let me focus on one aspect of that growth, precision technologies. Previously, we have discussed the ways in which we monetize precision features, including through our base equipment, adding options for newer technologies that allow customers to do jobs better and finally through subscriptions. When we develop solutions and monetize them in this way, we have grown the revenue and increased the margin in our business. This is shown by the performance in the Production & Precision Ag segment over the last few years. The journey for the PPA segment to date has been largely through monetizing solutions by adding them to base and by increasing take rates on additional features, to a much lesser extent on subscriptions. With the new strategy, the PPA business is now poised to grow the recurring revenue aspect of their business, which we believe can add higher margin potential over time. The Small Ag & Turf and Construction & Forestry portions of our business are in the earlier stages of leveraging precision technologies to drive performance. Similar to the journey that PPA has been on, there is potential of margin expansion through increasing the base utilization of our precision offers as well as developing additional value-enhancing features and options for customers. As we progress on the execution of our strategy, there will also be more opportunities for building recurring revenue in these areas. We are confident in executing our margin target as we have been on the precision journey in parts of our business for some time and can see the results in our performance. In those areas, we are ready to begin the next phase. In other parts of the business, we can improve the unit revenue and margin performance through precision features, while we put the building blocks in place to unlock the next levels of value. For sure, there are other areas that will contribute to our margin improvement targets, but growth and more specifically, growth in precision technology, is expected to be the primary driver. Its also worth noting that we have made significant progress on structural margin improvement over the last few years. And our new ambitions give us good line of sight towards structurally achieving 20% on a through-cycle basis. To the extent we accomplish this ahead of 2030, we will update our goal accordingly.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Ryan. Thats really helpful. Lets switch gears here a little bit. We made a big announcement at CES regarding autonomy. How have customers responded? And where does this rank on priorities over the coming years?
John May: Yes. Brent, let me start with this and give you my thoughts and then I would love to hear from Ryan as well. We have been working on autonomy for the last few years and always knew, always knew it would offer significant customer value. Even so, the response we got from our dealers and our customers was even greater than we imagined. The need for autonomy is here today. The demand for the solution is real. We already have customers paying for autonomy this spring. But we are still rolling it out on a limited basis. That said, we are very, very excited by how we see this scaling over the next few years. While we will scale to many more acres for the tillage solution, we are also working on scaling to additional jobs like planting and additional machine forms. More than any other technology, autonomy will scale deeper and faster and we are really excited by that. Whats also important to note, and I have some pride in this because of my relationship with Blue River, its important to note that the leverage we are getting from our Blue River Technology acquisition, they were able to utilize the same machine learning platform that they built for See & Spray to deliver our first autonomy solution. Augmenting Blue Rivers capabilities with the outstanding talent and technology from Bear Flags Robotic will really ensure John Deere continues to win in autonomy.
Ryan Campbell: John, this is Ryan. Just one thing to add to that, as we work to achieve our goal of 10% recurring revenue, autonomy will play a significant role. Along with further development of our sense and act platform, delivering these new technologies will be key in building our base of recurring revenue streams in addition to driving overall top line growth.
Brent Norwood: Thats really helpful. We have one last question. We are making big growth investments and setting lofty ambitions. Can you talk about the investment we are making in our people to ensure that we execute this strategy?
John May: Yes, its a great question, Brent. People are our number one asset, and we would not have enjoyed the success we had last year without their hard work. Our goal there wont  it will not change. We want to have the best talent, the best teams and we want to provide the best place to work. Our people are the foundation of our strategy. They are the ones driving the deep customer understanding within each production system. They are the ones developing the technology for the new tech stack and deploying that across the enterprise. They are coming up with the new ways to support our customers that we have never been able to do in the past. We would not have achieved the success that we have had up to this point without our world-class employees, and we will not achieve our success going forward without them. We have got the best employees in the industry, hands down.
Josh Jepsen: Now we are ready to get into the Q&A portion of todays call. The operator will provide instructions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Jerry Revich, Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. I am wondering if you could talk about the top line contribution that you are expecting by 2030 out of the $150 billion TAM. So, you have outlined what looks like about a $5 billion-plus tailwind from subscription. Can you just talk about, from a high-level standpoint, any other contributions and what proportion of the TAM do you expect Deeres value capture to be over time? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Thats the industry  sorry, if you couldnt hear me, Jerry. The industry  the value that we can create $150 billion is at the highest level. If you think about how does that work its way down to Deere, I think there is a couple of steps. Its  what is our market share and then what is the share of value between customer and the company. So, those would be the components to work that down from $150 billion to what would impact our top line. And as John and Ryan mentioned, as we execute and work to unlock the value through the goals that we have laid out today, we think there is a significant amount of opportunity not just between here and 2030, but 2030 and beyond.
John May: Yes. Maybe just to add, Josh, you had some great points there. This is John. A couple of things for you to think through. If you look at the smart industrial journey and where we have been and how we have executed over the last two years, our focus has been on, first of all deeply understanding our customers production systems. And once we do that, we know where we have the greatest opportunity to provide product, technology and solutions that unlocks value for the customer that may come in the form of lower input costs or make them in the form of our higher yields or even both. The benefit back to Deere is more revenue, more margin on a per unit basis. This next set of LEAP ambitions really allows us to do a couple of things. One, we have gone deeper, deeper into these production systems, and we have identified even greater opportunities to create value for our customers. At the same time, we have unlocked new technologies that we didnt have access to over the last two years. That would be digitalization, automation, autonomy and electrification. You are going to see us invest heavily in those new technologies and continue to provide that value to the customer and build out that new revenue base for us and more profitability for our customers.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jerry. We will go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. If we could just go back to some of the comments you had on the 10% recurring revenue path. Can you just remind us, I think you are less than 1% recurring revenue today, but do you have any guideposts? I know you put out some other 2026 goals, but should this be a very linear ramp, or are there certain product launches where we should be expecting a pretty significant jump over the years? And then I think you had mentioned some short-term margin trade-offs as a result of this new business model. Can you just comment specifically on what those short-term trade-offs you were talking about were?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Courtney. The  you are right. Today, the recurring revenue that we have is relatively small, primarily focused around guidance, subscriptions in terms of correction signals. So, it is a small portion today. And we will begin building that with  as we get out this year with See & Spray Ultimate and the autonomous solution that John mentioned. So, that will start the foundation. We would not expect that its linear. It will take time to build that base and to see that grow. So, thats the way that we would frame that up, the way we are thinking about that today. As it relates to trade-offs, the question there is really, as you make some shift to moving from monetizing at point of sale to on a more recurring basis, we do expect to see some of that revenue really then move out of the upfront sale of the equipment and then incurred or received as we deliver that value on a more regular basis, whether thats per year or by usage, et cetera.
Courtney Yakavonis: Thank you. Thats helpful.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. We will go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Fisher, UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. A lot to clarify on the very exciting LEAP ambitions, but maybe just to focus for a minute on the near-term, it was obviously a really nice beat, given the significant number of challenges that you had in the quarter. But the raise was a little bit less than the beat of consensus. I know it was consensus, not your numbers. But wondering if you could just share your general thoughts on the rest of the year. To what extent are things getting more predictable and where they might be getting more predictable and where less predictable and kind of where you feel you need to bake in a little bit more caution in the outlook. Long question, but if you can provide some color. Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I will start and this is Josh, Steve. The full year, definitely, if you look at the rest of the year, we raised guidance. What we see there is, I think two things. One, continued unpredictability and challenges in the supply chain, that was evident in the first quarter. We think that continues throughout the year. The hard part about that is its unpredictable and difficult to forecast, which also is driving higher freight cost, premium freight in particular, as we need to accelerate things to get them into the factories to keep production moving. So those, I would say are impacts that are weighing on the business as we go forward. I think importantly, as we look at the rest of the year forecast, our incrementals are strong. I think from an equipment operations perspective, in total, incrementals are in the 25% to 30% range, specifically on Production and Precision Ag, around 35% incremental rest of year. So, although we do expect some disruption and choppiness that we discussed through the supply chain, we feel good about the ability to execute as we manage through the year.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Steve. We will go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Jamie Cook, Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. Yes, so a lot to uncover here. I guess just following up on the short-term headwind. Can you help me understand where are these going in the short to medium-term? Is there a ramp that then starts to fade? I am just trying to think about how that impacts the 20% sort of margin target? And is there  the 20% margin target, is there a difference across the three segments, or if you could help me understand that, that would be helpful.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Just to clarify, did you say R&D? Was that your first question?
Jamie Cook: Yes, R&D. Yes, the first part is R&D, the ramp in the beginning, you know what I mean, and then that phase, I am just trying to understand how that impacts the 20% margin target?
Josh Jepsen: This year, we have seen a step-up in R&D and thats intentional and focused on the themes that Ryan and John had mentioned today. I think that focus will continue. As we discussed, we will be making investments to unlock this value as well as thinking about the journey on our emissions. So, I think those things, I would expect to continue. We will be making those investments around the themes and around the value that we can create for our customers. On the 20%, thats equipment operations in total, so we havent broken out the moving pieces there in terms of the different business segments. Wouldnt expect they are all the same. And as we go forward and execute, I think that will be  we will see where each business lies as we are continuing to unlock value.
Jamie Cook: Thank you.
Ryan Campbell: Hey Jamie, its Ryan. They are not all the same, but I think its fair to say all of them will improve to hit that enterprise target of 20% through-cycle.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. We will go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer of Melius Research.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi. Good morning everybody. My question is on See & Spray Ultimate. You seem pretty comfortable with the stage of technology development there and perhaps I am inferring that from some of the machine learning sort of resource shifting you have done over to autonomy. Can you tell us how far you have gotten? I dont know if you can talk about input cost reduction, percentage of fields that it works on and the disengages or has issues, speed at which it operates, really anything to give us context on how well developed or solved, if it is solved that technology is and versus your goals? Thank you.
John May: Hey Rob, its John. I will start and great question. Its actually very interesting because we had our staff meeting yesterday and at the end of our staff meeting, Jamie played a video for us of the first full production See & Spray Ultimate unit coming off the assembly line and on its way to customer hands and then went into much more detail than I am sure you are interested in where every camera automatically calibrated and machine started up and the systems were fully functional. So, we are really, really excited about what we are going to learn in the field this year. And to your point, to quantify some of that savings, I still think its going to be a high number. Its going to be, I think around 80% herbicide reduction. And I plan personally to get out in the field with those sprayers and interact with our customers to see how they are performing. But just like autonomy, lots and lots of excitement from our customers and our dealers to get those products in the hands of their customers and to test not only the product but the business model.
Brent Norwood: Thanks Rob. We will go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Raso, Evercore. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi. Thank you for the call. In this thought process through 2030, how are you viewing the traditional economic cycles within this timeframe, or are you simply taking a cycle like it is right now, what the incremental business from the incremental addressable market, how that would impact your margins?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Good morning David, this is Josh. I will start there. I would say, first and foremost, we are looking at what is the value that we can create? And the great thing about this is, this is value that is meaningful and impactful for our customers regardless of where we are in the cycle. And when you talk about either reducing their inputs, improving their profitability and improving yield. So, I think I would say the value creation here is somewhat agnostic of where are we in the cycle. And I think thats the beauty of what we can do, in addition to the sustainable outcomes that will be beneficial and Jill referred to this. But we believe will create additional revenue opportunity for the customers as it comes to the potential for carbon or other markets as well as commodity differentiation. Thanks David. We will go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Kristen Owen, Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Kristen Owen: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Wanted to follow-up on the recurring revenue base and just some of the comments around the lower point of sales revenue in this long-term target, just wondering if you can clarify how you think about total customer value over the lifetime of that equipment relative to the current model and how you see that progressing? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Sure. I think the point being that we are making there is today, we monetize very heavy at point of sale, and the opportunity to make that more accessible and see that technology is carrying that type of model to be more heavily adopted, more quickly adopted across more jobs, more acres at that different price point and really tied closer to the value thats created through the technology is a significant opportunity for our customers and for us to be able to move forward. Thanks, Kristen. We will go ahead and take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks for squeezing me in. I just had a question on pricing just as it relates to this inflationary environment we are in. I mean prior to the last couple of years, your business historically been able to get 200 basis points to 300 basis points of pricing a year through the ups and downs of the cycle. And clearly, its been a lot higher than that recently. I mean this year, you are getting  you are aiming for 1,000 basis points of pricing in large ag. And if we are in a sustained inflationary environment, and is there any reason why your annual pricing gains cant remain well above that sort of historical 200 basis points, 300 basis points, particularly as you step up investment in all these new technologies that are driving so much product differentiation? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Ross. Maybe one thing to clarify. When we think about new value of features or tools solutions, thats not embedded in that price realization, that is really intended to be more from an inflationary perspective. So separate, we will see the value and the benefit of the solutions and tools that we are delivering from a technology point of view. Looking at the inflationary environment, we are monitoring this and trying to understand what is happening, both from an input perspective for our products and solutions and being cognizant of how do we price. And we have priced more dynamically in the last couple of years as a result of that. So, I would say we will continue to monitor and adjust our pricing accordingly with inflationary pressure staying high. Will we be above our historical averages in that 2 to 3 points potentially, I think thats fair, but we will continue to be thoughtful there. I think one important thing to remember or consider as it relates to price is increases we are seeing in used prices of equipment. So, where we have seen strong increases on new, in many cases, we have seen more than double that increase on the used side. So, trade differentials have actually been pretty attractive from a customer perspective, so low levels of inventory have driven used prices to be strong.
Ryan Campbell: Hey Ross, its Ryan. Maybe just real quick. The other thing, our equipment and solutions can help growers address the other inflationary parts of their P&L, which are trending higher right now. And so we think there is a benefit for upgrading technology because it can allow them to operate much more efficiently from an input perspective. And the inflation on those is significantly higher than what we are putting through on the equipment right now.
Ross Gilardi: Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: With that, we will wrap up the call. We thank everyone for their time, and we will talk soon. Take care.
Operator: And thank you. This does conclude the call. You may disconnect your lines. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-11-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Deere & Company Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only and for the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Good morning. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, our Chief Financial Officer; Cory Reed, President of Production and Precision Ag; and Brent Norwood, Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's fourth quarter earnings and spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2022. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note, slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, as a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I'll now turn the call over to Brent Norwood.
Brent Norwood: John Deere finished the year with solid execution in the fourth quarter, resulting in a 13.6% margin for the equipment operations. Ag fundamentals remained strong through the course of the year and our order books indicate another year of robust demand in 2022. Meanwhile, the Construction & Forestry markets also continued to benefit from strong demand and lean inventories, leading to the division's strongest financial results in over 15 years. Now, let's take a closer look at our year-end results for 2021, beginning on Slide 3. For the full year, net sales and revenues were up 24% to $44 billion, while net sales for equipment operations increased 27% to $39.7 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $5.96 billion or $18.99 per diluted share. Slide 4 shows the results for the fourth quarter. Net sales and revenue were up 16% to $11.3 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were up 19% to nearly $10.3 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $1.283 billion or $4.12 per diluted share. At this time, I'd like to welcome Cory Reed, President of Production and Precision Ag, to the call to discuss the segment's results and provide an update on the global ag environment. Cory?
Cory Reed: Thanks, Brent. Before I cover our fourth quarter results, I'd like to recognize all of John Deere's 77,000 employees for their tremendous hard work and dedication throughout a year filled with unpredictability. I'd also like to recognize the ongoing efforts and unparalleled capabilities of the John Deere dealer network, that's not only an integral part of our value proposition in the market but also often called upon in the toughest of times to keep our customers up and running. Let's start with fourth quarter results for Production and Precision Ag starting on Slide 5. Net sales of $4.66 billion were up 23% compared to the fourth quarter last year, primarily due to higher shipment volumes and price realization. Price realization in the quarter was positive by about seven points and currency translation was also positive by roughly one point. Operating profit was $777 million, resulting in a 16.7% operating margin for the segment compared to 15.2% margin for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by positive price realization, higher shipment volumes and mix, partially offset by higher production costs. Also, it's worth noting that last year's results were negatively impacted by employee separation expenses resulting from restructuring activities. Shifting focus to Small Ag & Turf on Slide 6. Net sales were up 17%, totaling $2.8 billion in the fourth quarter. The increase was primarily driven by higher shipment volumes and price realization. Price realization in the quarter was positive by just over four points, while currency translation was minimal. For the quarter, operating profit was $346 million, resulting in a 12.3% operating margin. The higher shipment volumes, sales mix and price realization were partially offset by higher production costs, R&D and SA&G. When comparing to the fourth quarter of 2020, keep in mind, the prior period included $77 million in separation costs and impairments. Slide 7 shows our industry outlook for ag and turf markets globally. In the U.S. and Canada, we expect industry sales of large ag equipment to be up approximately 15%, reflecting another year of strong demand. In fiscal year '21, customer demand driven by the combination of strong fundamentals, an advanced fleet age and low inventory outpaced the industry's ability to supply. With all of these dynamics still present in '22, we expect demand to exceed the industry's ability to produce for a second consecutive year as supply-based delays continue to constrain shipments. Order books for the upcoming year are mostly full, except for a few cases where we've caused orders to manage supply challenges and allow us to reevaluate inflationary pressure later in the year. Currently, orders are complete for the year's production of crop care products, while our combined production slots are over 90% full, with the early order program still ongoing. Meanwhile, large tractor orders are sourced well into the third quarter and we expect the remainder of the book to fill out shortly. We're encouraged that take rates for our mainstay precision technologies like Combine Advisor, ExactApply and ExactEmerge, continue to track higher year-over-year. More recent product introductions such as ExactRate Planners and the X9 combine saw significant increases when compared to last year, while our premium and automation software activation take rates are over 85% for our 8 Series and 9R Series tractors. Additionally, we saw significant increases in customer engagement with our digital tools in 2021. Engaged acres now stand at over 315 million acres, due in part to a sharp increase in Europe, where the number of engaged acres has doubled over the past year. Likewise, use of our digital features such as Expert Alerts and Service Advisor Remote has increased by about 30% compared to last year. In the Small Ag & Turf segment, we expect industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to remain flat for the year as supply challenges continue to limit industry production. Following two years of very robust demand, field inventory levels are at multiyear lows and are unlikely to begin recovering until sometime in 2023. Moving on to Europe; the industry is forecast to be up roughly 5% as higher commodity prices strengthened business conditions in the Arable segment and dairy prices remain resilient even as margins show some pressure from rising input costs. We expect the industry will continue to face supply-based constraints, resulting in demand outstripping production for the year. At this time, our order book extends into the third quarter from Mannheim Tractors. In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to increase about 5%. Farmer sentiment and profitability remains steady at all-time highs as our customers benefit from robust commodity prices, record production and a favorable currency environment. Our order books reflect the strong sentiment and currently extends into the second quarter which is as far as we've allowed it to grow. Despite limited government-sponsored financing programs, private financing is supporting continued strength in equipment demand, while strong farmer balance sheets enable many customers to purchase using cash. Industry sales in Asia are forecasted to be flat as India, the world's largest tractor market by units, hold steady in 2022. Moving on to our segment forecast beginning on Slide 8. For Production & Precision Ag, net sales are forecasted to be up between 20% and 25% in fiscal year '22. Forecast includes expectations of about nine points of positive price realization for the full year. For the segment's operating margin, our full year forecast is between 20% and 21%, reflecting consistently solid financial performance across the various geographical regions. Slide 9 shows our forecast for the Small Ag & Turf segment. We expect net sales in fiscal year '22 to be up 15% to 20%. This guidance includes nearly seven points of positive price realization and roughly one point of currency headwind. The segment's operating margin is forecasted to range between 16% and 17%. With that, I'll turn it back over to Brent Norwood.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Cory. Now let's focus on Construction & Forestry on Slide 10. For the quarter, net sales of $2.8 billion were up 14%, primarily due to higher shipment volumes and six points of positive price realization. Operating profit moved higher year-over-year to $270 million, resulting in a 9.6% operating margin due to positive price realization and higher shipment volumes, partially offset by higher production costs, SA&G and R&D. The quarter also benefited from the lack of onetime expenses included in the prior period. Let's turn to our 2022 Construction & Forestry industry outlook on Slide 11. Both earthmoving and compact construction equipment industry sales in North America are expected to be up between 5% and 10%. End markets for earthmoving and compact equipment are expected to remain strong in our fiscal year '22 forecast, benefiting from continued strength in the housing market increased activity in the oil and gas sector as well as strong CapEx programs from the independent rental companies. Demand for earthmoving and compact construction equipment is expected to exceed our production for the year, resulting in continued low inventory levels, especially for compact construction equipment. In forestry, we now expect the industry to be up about 10% to 15% as lumber production looks to remain at elevated levels throughout the year, even though lumber prices have come down from peaks in mid-summer. Moving to the C&F segment outlook on Slide 12. Deere's Construction & Forestry 2022 net sales are forecasted to be up between 10% to 15%. Our net sales guidance for the year includes about eight points of positive price realization. We expect the segment's operating margin to be between 13.5% and 14.5% for the year, benefiting from price, volume and lack of onetime items from the prior year. Now, let's move now to our financial services operations on Slide 13. Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the fourth quarter was $227 million, benefiting from income earned as improvements on the operating lease portfolio, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses. Results for the prior were also affected by employee separation costs. For fiscal year 2022, the net income forecast is $870 million as the segment is expected to continue to benefit from a higher average portfolio. Slide 14 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year 2022, our full year outlook for net income is forecasted to be between $6.5 billion and $7 billion. The full year forecast is inclusive of the impact from higher raw material prices and logistics costs relative to 2021. At this time, we expect 2/3 of that increase to manifest itself in the first half of the year as the comparisons get easier in the back half of fiscal year '22. At this time, our forecasted price realization is expected to outpace both material cost and freight for the entire year, though we will likely be price cost negative in the first quarter. Moving on to tax; our guidance incorporates an effective tax rate projected to be between 25% and 27%. Lastly cash flow from the equipment operations is expected to be in the range of $6 billion to $6.5 billion and includes a $1 billion voluntary contribution to our pension and OPEB plans. Before we open up the line for Q&A, we'd like to first address a few of the likely questions around the current market dynamics, our financial results and the details around our new labor agreement as well as provide some thoughts on capital allocation for the next year. To cover the range of topics, I'll engage today's call participants to provide some additional color and then we'll open up the line for additional questions. First, I'd like to start with the current demand environment for large ag equipment. Cory, can you provide some additional color on demand for large ag products and which new technologies are resonating with customers?
Cory Reed: Yes. Thanks, Brent. We're really encouraged by both the velocity of our order books and the take rates for some of our latest technology. Demand has been strong since the beginning of 2021. And overall, that doesn't look like it's going to let up in 2022. I touched on this earlier. Our order books are either full or near full for most of our North American large ag product lines. Starting with the combine EOP, our EOP for 2022 production will finish in January, where we'll grow the levels of F-Series production and we've already sold out of our planned production for X9 combines. This is the first year in a multiyear ramp-up of production for X9 and we'll ship 1,000-plus units of X9 into North America alone. We'll further solidify our market leadership in the Power Class 9 Plus combine categories, while also establishing a clear new global benchmark in both productivity and efficiency. We're also seeing strong demand for some of our newer products, products like ExactRate Planner, Applied Fertilizer Systems and AutoPath. ExactRate represents an important first step in the precision application of fertilizer. Future iterations of this product will be critical in helping us improve nitrogen use efficiency for our customers. In just it's second year, we're seeing take rates of that product close to 20% which is really encouraging. Similarly, in the first full season, we've seen tremendous feedback from the launch of John Deere AutoPath. AutoPath leverages John Deere's onboard technology like our Gen 4 displays, SF-6000 receivers, including the SF3 correction signal and embedded software linked to the John Deere Operations Center throughout a customer's entire production cycle. That technology leverages data from planting to know exactly where the row unit traveled to plant seeds and then creates a guidance line for each subsequent path, making in-season fertilizer applications, manual cultivation for weeding or crop protection passes easier and more accurate. At harvest, it makes it easier to find your row [ph] and makes that easy for harvest to be even more efficient. In 2021, we saw take rates of the automation package activation or subscription which includes AutoPath, double, leading to more customers enabled with John Deere's highest-value precision ag software. In 2022 and beyond, we'll continue to add value to AutoPath, through new features and new technologies as a part of our precision ag software package strategies and AutoPath will be foundational for even more automated farming in the future, making every step of our customers' production system even better. Lastly, See & Spray. See & Spray Ultimate is going to hit the market this year on a limited basis and we're excited to get into more customers' hands. We view See & Spray as just the first step in a long series of sense and act. In that journey, we're encouraged by to see early demand for both See & Spray itself and multiple products related to plant level management in the future.
Brent Norwood: Let's dive a little bit deeper on the fluctuations in North American large ag market share for fiscal year '21 and then let's provide some expectations for this next year in fiscal year '22. Can you first walk us through the progression of market share that we saw in '21, Cory?
Cory Reed: Sure. Yes. 2021 was a unique year. Demand inflected sharply from October '20 to January '21 [ph] timeframe. And as a result, we experienced pressure on market share early in the year due to our asset-light model. If you recall, we talked about this dynamic in our fourth quarter earnings call last year and noted that we expected to recover that share quickly. And that's exactly what happened. In fact, we gained two points of market share in North America for our large ag products by year-end. And you can see an example of that in the last three quarters of retail sales data for the 100-plus horsepower tractor categories.
Brent Norwood: So how might market share play out this next year, given that our most recent labor agreement didn't ratify until November 17?
Cory Reed: Yes, that's a great question. And while it's too early to forecast with a lot of precision, we see the potential for 2022 to play out very similarly. We're very likely to see similar pressure in the first quarter as we recover from record low inventories but also expect a production ramp that helps us maintain and even grow our position as we execute throughout the year.
Brent Norwood: Let's pivot to some of the details on our latest labor agreement. One of the most frequent questions out there is on the incremental cost of the new contract relative to the previous one. So how should investors think about the impact to our cost structure?
Josh Jepsen: First, it's important to note, we're really glad to have our UAW employees back in our factories and proud of the groundbreaking contract that we put in place. With respect to it's impact on our cost structure, there are a few moving parts to the agreement. Some components directly impact wages and benefits immediately. While many others, like of the retirement benefits, will have a longer tail that largely accrue outside of the contract period. Over the six-year contract, the incremental cost will be between $250 million and $300 million pretax per year, with 80% of that impacting operating margins.
Brent Norwood: So we experienced a gap between the last contract and the current run, resulting in a few weeks of lost production. How does that impact the quarterly cadence of our financial results?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, there are a number of unique items impacting the first quarter. First, we would -- if you think about first quarter '22, we expect the top line for the equip ops to be pretty similar to the first quarter of '21. Missing a few weeks plus of production will neutralize some of the benefits that Cory mentioned in terms of ramping up to higher line rates in December and January. With respect to margins, there are a few things to consider. The first quarter will have our toughest price/cost comp for the year. We expect that to be negative in the first quarter but positive for the full year. We also expect to experience poor overhead absorption due to the lower volumes as mentioned. And there are a few other onetime items that will provide some additional drag, including ratification bonus and some favorable tax credits that we saw in the first quarter of '21, that don't repeat in '22. All in, we expect first quarter margins to be mid- to high single digits for the equipment operations, with those businesses that have been most affected by the delayed ratification to be below that average. Looking beyond the first quarter, though we do expect margins for the rest of the year to be more favorable and incremental is more in line with historical averages. And maybe stepping back and just thinking about the full year impact on margins, we'd say it will be about one point lower as a result of a combination of work stoppage and some of the supply disruption.
Brent Norwood: Switching topics, let's conclude with some discussion around capital allocation. Ryan, how would you characterize our capital allocation strategy in fiscal year '21? And what might we expect this upcoming year?
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Thanks, Brent. With respect to 2021, our strong liquidity position and our cash flow generation really allowed us to execute against all of our cash priorities. We continue to focus on maintaining our solid A credit rating. But beyond that, we invested in our strategic growth priorities, both organically and inorganically. In addition, we returned over $3.5 billion in capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our two dividend increases are evidence of the confidence we have in the structural improvements we've made in the earnings power of our business. Overall, our actions in 2021 serve as a good blueprint for how to think about 2022 as we expect to again, execute against all of our priorities.
Brent Norwood: Sounds like we'll continue to see discipline with respect to returning capital. But can you elaborate any further on investing back into our businesses?
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Sure, Brent. The smart industrial strategy that we put in place during 2020 is the foundation for us to focus our resources on the areas that are most differentiated from a customer value perspective. It's through that lens that we are positioned to increase the level of investment back into our business, both organically and inorganically through M&A. As you can see in our guidance, the R&D investment is up 17% in 2022. The focus of the increase is on further developing our tech stack which accelerates our capabilities related to sense and act, autonomy, digital solutions, connectivity and electrification. We're planning to demonstrate many of our new technologies at our Investor Tech Day in mid-2022. So stay tuned for that exciting event. Finally, as it relates to M&A, expect us to continue to be active, aligned with the themes that we have discussed over the last year.
Brent Norwood: Lastly, is there anything else that you'd like to highlight for investors to expect in 2022?
Ryan Campbell: That 2022 is shaping up to be a very important year for us. We put in place the new strategy and are well positioned to accomplish our goals. On that note, we do have a set of goals, both related to business and sustainability that will sunset this year. Accordingly, we'll be rolling out our next suite of goals that will highlight the opportunity we have and what we think we can accomplish over the rest of the decade. Importantly, we are uniquely positioned, in that there is direct alignment between our creation of customer value, improving our own earnings and delivering more sustainable outcomes for the environment. So Brent, expect us to see -- expect to see a comprehensive suite of goals that really brings all of those elements together.
Josh Jepsen: Now, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Tasha?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi, good morning everybody and thanks for all the color. My question is on See & Spray Ultimate. I wonder, in whatever way you could, if you can expand on what limited launch means, how the technology is progressing. I don't know if you can talk about the pipeline for fertilizer versus herbicide and/or the geographic scope of the launch? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I'll start there and Cory, please add in. We haven't put out exact numbers but we'll have that out, again, in customers' hands with production units. And again, through multiple products, soybeans, cotton, corn, so continuing to evolve there. And I think we feel really, really good about both how we're performing and the customer response as we get it into their hands.
Cory Reed: Yes. I would say our See & Spray journey started with ExactApply and the ability to use individual nozzle control. We've gone through and put the Select product into the market this year in full supply. So that's the green on brown solution. We're now taking many units into a commercial application with Select customers in '23 -- or in 2022 of See & Spray Ultimate. That's to both prove out our business model and show the value and then we'll ramp from there. So it's a really exciting journey. We're seeing a lot of demand for it and we're excited about it going forward.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Rob. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi, good morning and happy Thanksgiving everyone. I'm wondering if you folks can talk about what you're seeing in the installed base of equipment? I know you track used equipment inventories closely based on industry data that we see, it looks like that's cut in half from 2015 levels. But maybe you can comment on where it stands for your equipment specifically? And what does that tell you about what the potential for new equipment demand to outstrip supply beyond '22?
Josh Jepsen: So, I think when we look at used, I mean, we're at tremendously low levels of used inventory, particularly in large ag, levels we haven't been at for well over a decade and we've seen that pull down. And what that's driving is increasing used prices which has been really positive for our farmers that are trading in product, so impacting their trade differentials, making those differentials as they trade up more -- or make that differential less, excuse me. So I think that's a big piece. I think it's also important, as we think about just overall the replacement cycle and recovery that we're seeing there, the lower those inventory levels are, I think that extends some of that cycle. Cory, anything you'd add?
Cory Reed: No. Josh said it, we're well below the bands that we would normally see and the lowest we've been in 10 years. You have a combination of factors going on. Obviously, you have solid financial income on the part of farmers, albeit with some headwinds in inputs. We have an aging fleet, you have new technologies, you have the opportunity to trade their equipment at the highest values they've ever traded and it's driving tremendous demand. So right now, the limitation is used is creating significant demand going forward. It's really figuring out the supply side and making sure that we can deliver every product into the market but used right now is at all-time low.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jerry. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Jamie Cook with Crdit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. I guess a question, the R&D, up 17%. That's a big jump. I'm just wondering if given where we're going with technologies, should R&D structural be up in sort of the high teens range going forward? And then just sort of on the M&A front, can you just talk about the pipeline there and what that implies for -- is it just focused on technology, precision ag type solutions? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: The R&D, maybe, we're looking at the increase in '22, some of that is compared to '21, where we were down a bit and some of that was really the effects of pulling together the organization, creating the Chief Technology Officer org which did allow us to pull and centralize components of the tech stack. So we saw some elimination of redundancies. So that's really the jumping off point then for this increase in '22 which is focused on the areas that Ryan mentioned, in terms of where we really feel like we can accelerate and differentiate sense and act, autonomy, electrification, connectivity. So those are the areas where we see the biggest opportunities to deliver value for customers and are spending there accordingly. Relative to M&A?
Ryan Campbell: Yes. This is Ryan. So as it relates to M&A, as we've talked over the last year, we've got these thematic trends with respect to the sense and act platform that we're building, autonomy, digital solutions, connectivity and also electrification. An example of digital solutions, we acquired Harvest Profit and that's right along with our expectations of delivering value and overall management of a customer's P&L and making it super seamless and easy for them to use. With respect to autonomy which we see accelerating, Bareflag is an example of a transaction like that. And so we've got a relatively full pipeline over the next several months. You'll see us do continue to be active and source deals and close deals that allow us to accelerate our journey along those thematic trends. So stay tuned, more to come and you'll see us be active in this area over the next several years.
Josh Jepsen: And maybe one thing, Jamie. Sorry, I missed part of your question was just the level. This does represent a bit of a step-up compared to where we were. And we think broadly, this level is reasonable for where we operate. Again, always reserve the right in the future as we see new technologies or new opportunities to invest to create value. But I think that's a fair view of where we are today.
Jamie Cook: Okay, thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks.
Operator: Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: And good morning, everybody. I'm wondering if we could go back to inventory but touch on the new side. Does your plan for '22 anticipate rebuilding any new inventories? Or does that sort of get pushed out into '23?
Josh Jepsen: Steve, it really does imply very little to no inventory build. Given what we're seeing broadly demand above the industry's ability to produce build some of the field inventory levels coming off of historic lows. For example, if we look at small tractors or compact construction equipment, they are in the teens inventory to sales as we ended the year. And the targets there are probably closer to 40%-plus inventory to sales. So there's a lot of room to go there. And even large ag which traditionally comes down, where we're at levels we've really not seen before, row crop tractors, 10% inventory to sales, combines low single digits. So very, very low. And I think as we can see how this continued replacement drives forward, we do see that as positive in that we see the need to recover inventory over a few years, not just one.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you.
Operator: Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning, guys. So my question is, how much room is there to impose higher equipment prices on farmers? I'm just trying to get a sense of whether there's any fatigue in the near term, given what we see on the fertilizer price guide? And could you actually pass some of the cost on from the labor cost increase.
Cory Reed: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think certainly, farmers have seen some headwinds relative to their overall input cost. I think the first part is to -- for us to focus on being able to deliver technologies that help them improve their profitability. So a lot of our pricing comes from our ability to deliver technologies and the machines that make them or give them the ability to create more yield or manage their cost differently. So that's a big part of it. Now obviously, in the last 18 months, with a lot of the commodity increases, there's also been the opportunity to recover for some of those commodities and that's allowed us to do that. But by and large, I would tell you that our pricing model is based upon delivering value for them and being able to make sure that each time they can go to the field, we can make them more profitable by using the equipment that we put out there. And each of the examples relative to the See & Spray or X9 or AutoPath, that's what they do, is allow him to either create more yield or manage their cost and be more efficient in the field. And that's the focus.
Josh Jepsen: The other thing we've seen too, that's impacted price has been very strong overseas pricing. So as we've reacted to both FX movements as well as inflationary environments, we've taken more price. So really throughout '21 and into '22, we're seeing -- and if we look at production precision ag, low double digit pricing in the overseas market that has driven that. So as we think, looking forward, we continue to see that occurring. The one piece that we don't see as much repeating or tailwind is on lower discounts. As we pulled down discounts throughout the back half of '20 and through '21, there's not much left there. So that is another thing to consider when we think about price. So thanks, Chad. Appreciate the question. We'll go ahead and go to our next caller.
Operator: Tim Thein with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Tim Thein: Thanks. Good morning. Josh, to maybe dig into the Production & Precision Ag margin guidance of, call it, under 100 basis points of improvement on 20-plus percent sales growth, so with $1.5 billion or so of positive price. Just maybe walk us through, obviously, that, I would assume, as you talked about, for the full -- to the total company, call it, 100 basis points from the work stoppages, I assume that the disproportionate amount of that is impacting that segment? Maybe I'm -- maybe you can correct me on that but maybe just walk us through how you get to maybe headwinds and tailwinds as we think about margin for that segment?
Josh Jepsen: Sure. And you're right. There's an outsized proportion of that impact is in Production & Precision Ag, most largely affected. The -- if we think about the puts and takes, particularly in the first quarter, as I mentioned, you've got some amount of lower production impacting that which drives lower overhead absorption, material and freight cost, higher and we would expect to be price cost negative in 1Q in Production & Precision Ag. And then there, again, you have the larger portion of some onetime items like ratification bonus. And you may recall, last year in the fourth quarter -- or excuse me, last year in the first quarter, we had about a $50 million benefit from taxes, overseas related. So that goes against this in the first quarter. So that pulls down the absolute margin pretty significantly. Stepping forward from that and then thinking about the full year which you mentioned, about 100 bps higher from an absolute margin point of view, we return to the incrementals that would run historically where we expect to see them. So around 35% incremental rest of year, so Q3 [ph] through 4Q for PPA.
Tim Thein: Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Tim. We'll go ahead and jump to our next question.
Operator: Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Kristen Owen: Thank you. Cory, you talked about the incremental functionality that you're looking at rolling out for AutoPath over the coming years. Can you just speak to how you're thinking about sort of current customers' ability to participate in that incremental functionality? The question is really one about business model and what types of models, be it subscription, service, et cetera, that you're exploring for that solution?
Cory Reed: Sure. And you'll see more on this from us in the coming quarters as we roll out some objectives for how we're thinking about this. One of the things we're talking about and making sure is that just like we did with guidance solutions in the past, where we started years ahead putting base functionality into machines that would allow us to both put the functionality for, in this case, AutoPath or further automation features into every machine, we'll start working through a series of making sure that the base functionality of the vehicle will allow us to either ship the vehicle with the functionality or upgrade it in the future. And we're looking at new ways and new business models to make that easier for customers to adopt. So that journey, we're on that path right now. We're rolling out ways that we're doing that with our precision ag hardware. You'll see us do it more with our subscriptions and software going forward. So we're out cooperating and working with customers and how we can make that work on their operations today and how they like to consume it and you'll see that revenue stream continue to grow from us in the future.
Ryan Campbell: Kristen, it's Ryan. As we talk about and roll out our next-generation of goals, you'll see us think through an evolution of our business model over the next decade with respect to what Cory talked about and the value we're delivering every time our customers go across the field and how can we think through a business model that's more of an ongoing basis. So more to come on that. You'll see us have some relatively specific targets and goals on what we think we can deliver from that evolution.
Kristen Owen: Thank you.
Operator: Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: Hey, everybody. Happy Thanksgiving. I guess I wanted to turn back to the supply chain issues that which you had mentioned. Could you share some more insights on what exactly you're seeing? And more so maybe what you've included in the forecast? I'm curious how much visibility you have and to supply chain getting better. What could be tough still with chips that maybe should start to improve? And maybe what could be held back by capacity limitations at your suppliers that maybe won't free up for another year or so?
Josh Jepsen: Adam, if you go back a quarter ago in the third quarter, we expected the supply challenges to be more impactful in 4Q and that's what we saw. We did see it deteriorate. There was a more challenging environment in the fourth quarter. Between the supply challenges and some of the work stoppage, that probably impacted the fourth quarter by, call it, 0.5 point of margin or so for the equipment operations. So it was more challenging. And as we think about the '22 plan, we went in assuming that similar level of disruption in activity in supply chain. So we haven't embedded a significant amount of improvement there. We expect to continue to be challenged and choppy. One of the things we did do during the last couple of months is we continue to bring parts in, parts and components into our facilities. So we were able to continue that. We didn't slow that down. So that's positive as we ramp up, as Cory mentioned, start to ramp up production coming back. That's important but we think that continues to be a challenge. And it's broad-based. So chips, you mentioned, very tight. We expect that continues through '22. Other things, there's material challenges. There's labor availability in the supply base and in this extent across many geographies, so logistics become a challenge as well. So we're continuing to work through those supply management teams working really closely with our suppliers. We've given them more visibility than we ever had before to try to work through this and we've tried to plan accordingly.
Cory Reed: Yes. I would echo that. This is Cory. If you look at 2021, we knew we were going to have some challenges coming forward. And what we said was we have to execute and make sure that we can manage that better than anyone in the industry. And I think what you saw us do through the back half of the year was managed it well. We're positioned well as we kick off and have the workforce back. And there are going to be a whole lot of pop-ups that come, electronic components, labor, logistics but we have to manage through them. And that's where our folks have been up to the task on to this point and we're confident they can be up to that task going forward.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, we have seen some regional disparities. I think Europe for us has probably operated a little more smoothly than, say, the Americas and Asia. So there are some deltas and differences there that have impacted our businesses differently but continue executing and we'll update as we go through the year. Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Yes. Good morning, guys. Could you just address your ability to deliver in time for planting season which isn't that far away in the aftermath of the strike and given all the supply chain constraints? And then just also, there seems to be a lot of investor chatter that soaring input cost for the farmer are going to lead to a big slowdown in equipment demand or premature end of the cycle. I mean, it seems like the opposite might be true if lower fertilizer application rates lead to greater demand for precision ag as well as lower yields. And then I'm just wondering if you could address that too? Thanks.
Cory Reed: Yes. Thanks, Ross. This is Cory. You're right. I mean one of the things we're focused on is even as we were in the middle of the interruption, was making sure that we could deliver products on time seasonally for our customers. Planting is the top end of that. We continued and made sure we could surge components into our planning lines as people are coming back. We've got a production plan that's commensurate with what our early order program is. We do have some risks. We've gone out and talked to our customers about where we are and our dealers about where we are with that. But we feel really confident in our ability to deliver even more planners into the market this year. And where we have the opportunity, if customers want to accept planters later in the season, we'll do that as well. So from that standpoint, we operate with transparency, talk to our dealers and customers and then put a good production plan together that allows us to meet market demand. That demand hasn't slowed. In fact, it's continued and much like all of our other large ag products, planters are one of those things that even post the optimum planning window, people are taking product.
Josh Jepsen: And then, Ross, when you -- your question related to input costs and how does that impact the cycle, maybe stepping back more broadly and I'll address that in part of this. But where are we at right now and how we're seeing this play out, we feel like there is continued runway of replacement recovery out here to continue and to be had. And as for a few reasons, one, underlying farm fundamentals continue to be very strong, whether it's cash receipts, income, what we're seeing, land values, for example, those are positive. We see demand for replacement. The age of the fleet, you've heard us talk about this a lot. '21, we got older. And even as we look to '22, we'd expect the fleet overall in North America to age out. And then you have this dynamic that we've seen in '21 and repeated in '22, where demand is above the industry's ability to deliver. Further, in our mind, stretches or elongate a little bit of that recovery cycle. And as mentioned earlier, inventory levels for both new and used are quite low. So again, when you think about comparing back, we get comparisons back to 2012 and '13 and some of the dynamics, one of the big differences is we are at significantly lower levels of inventory which makes some of the replacement demand push out a bit further. And then lastly, as it relates to input costs, as input costs rise, the impact that our precision tools can have in terms of leveraging technology to drive more accuracy, more precision with inputs, whether that's seed, fertilizer chemical and make that value proposition even more attractive. And if you -- Cory talked a little bit about this in his prepared remarks but the take rates that we're seeing on technology took a significant step up. Where ExactApply; on sprayers, 55% which is up quite a bit. ExactEmerge on planters, 55%. And then we're seeing that really across these technologies, a pretty significant step function change in terms of the use of the technology that drives, again, back to better yields and lower cost through increased precision. So we'll continue to execute there but we feel like there are legs to this recovery that we're in and really began about one year ago right now. So thanks, Ross. We'll go ahead and jump to our next question.
Operator: Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Just looking to maybe get a little more color on the commentary on raw material headwinds, the $2 billion that you called out. So kind of two questions to that. First, where are you in terms of the assumptions that you made, relative to current spot prices for things like steel? Like what's kind of baked into this number? And then, given the higher-than-normal visibility that you have in terms of where the early order programs seem to be shaping up, I'm kind of curious as to what you're doing in terms of either forward buying materials or the various components that you're going to need? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: The material freight costs, so Brent mentioned this, we expect $2 billion of headwinds compared to '21 and that's split roughly 80% material and about 20% freight. And the freight is driven by essentially, all different modes, whether it's air, ocean, truck, all those things are impactful there. On the material side, it's things like the raw that you mentioned, steel, for example. Traditionally, we buy roughly a quarter ahead. We have seen from a pure spot price, you've seen steel moderate some from where it was peaking probably a bit, a quarter or so ago. So we haven't adjusted significantly, we do work with supply base to ensure that we've got availability. So given the demand we have in the customer desire to get product, we will try to balance that. in terms of having product and making sure we've got the availability of raws. So I mean, from a price perspective, we haven't gotten into the detail of where we're at or where we're locking in. But definitely, we do expect to see more of that come through the first half of the year and our comps get a little bit easier in the back half. So of that $2 billion, we expect about 2/3 to come through in the first half of '22. And maybe lastly, similar splits in terms of the businesses. About half of that is Production Precision Ag; about 30% is Small Ag & Turf; and roughly 20%, C&F. And a lot of that just varies based on the products and the makeup overall of their material. With that, we'll go ahead and jump to our next question.
Operator: Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss: Hey, guys. Just switching gears a little bit. Can you talk a little bit about the focus of future restructuring? And any guidelines that you can give us about you think 50 basis points a year of margin improvement or 100 basis points? Or just sort of some of the targeted areas and what it's going to mean?
Josh Jepsen: Joel, going through the smart industrial operating model and the shift and changes we made in 2020, we feel like we're seeing the benefits of that play out in '21 as we refocus the organization and then really started to put the capital allocation model to work in terms of how do we guide and invest in the parts of the business where we feel like we can differentiate and create the most value. So, I think as we've worked through that, I think you see now maybe some of that impact as you see R&D increasing this next year and that's in the areas that we focused on. So we made adjustments to how we're organized and to how we're allocating resources. We work through some things like divestitures in 2020. So I think that's the continued model.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, it's Ryan. I think you'll see us pivot particularly as we announce our next set of goals, to focus on the growth opportunities that we have. There'll be financial components of the goals that come out but there'll also be kind of additional infrastructure-related investments that we can make with our technology stack that will really unlock the next generation of customer value. So that's where we're focused. We spent the last couple of years doing some restructuring activities having a more dynamic capital allocation process. But now as we move forward, it's going to be more about growth and taking advantage of the unique opportunities that we have to create customer value, both profitability and sustainability wise.
Joel Tiss: Great. Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Joel. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Stanley Elliott with Stifel. Your line is open.
Stanley Elliott: Hey, good morning everyone. Thank you all for taking the question. Can you talk a little bit about the -- with the news on the infrastructure build the other week, when would you expect to see that through the portfolio? And then also maybe any sort of nuances between the road construction business versus the legacy core?
Josh Jepsen: Stanley, on infrastructure, the interesting thing there is as we start to see that, we think jobs probably really start to move more towards the end of '22. But given the dynamic of demand above the industry's ability to produce due to supply, probably not as much impact as one might expect or hope in '22. So we'll continue to watch that. We think those -- that type of program, it's very, very positive for the industry. It tends to have a long run of impact but probably start to see more of that in '23. When we step back and look at that, there's a significant amount of funding that is roads, bridges, waterways, broadband, all of which really are very attractive and applicable to our earthmoving and road building businesses. So that's -- I think that's particularly positive. If you look at our industry outlooks, we're -- and again, this is muted somewhat by just the supply constraints but up 5% to 10% North America for both construction and compact construction. Globally, we'd say road building is probably in that same vein of 5% to 10%. So we'll keep our eyes out there. Dealers are obviously working very closely with customers. I think we'll watch the independent rental companies. We've seen some of their CapEx start to move upward in '21 and into '22 and that's probably a good leading indicator of some of the work on infrastructure coming.
Stanley Elliott: Thank you, everyone and happy Thanksgiving.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Stanley. Take care.
Operator: Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for the question. Can you just pair for us a little bit the gap between your Small Ag industry guidance and your sales guidance? Obviously, pricing is a part of it but I don't think you said that you're really expecting inventory levels to most of it to the mix? Or just help us understand the difference between those two?
Josh Jepsen: The Small Ag & Turf in North America, we expect to be up -- or expect to be flat. Our overall sales for that business unit are up 15% to 20% [ph]. So a big part of it is price. So about seven points of price embedded in there. That is also a more global operation. So that has some impact when we think about where and how we operate around the world. So there's a piece there. So there's a little bit of market share. I think it would be fair to assume some gains there. And then, on the very little margins maybe on some segments of tractors, we expect to build a little bit of inventory but relatively muted. So I think those are the components that are driving the difference between those outlooks.
Courtney Yakavonis: And maybe just as a follow-up, can you also just comment on the margins being down year-over-year in that segment? Is that -- anything that's disproportionately weighing on the Small Ag segment?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Good question. It's price/cost for Small Ag & Turf is positive for '22 but I'd say it's the most challenged. So it's -- we're price cost positive but that's -- we're seeing a bigger impact there as it relates to margin and particularly, incremental margins are more challenged in that regard. And I would say that's the part of the business where we are seeing constraints on the supply side that are impacting some parts of that business, maybe a little bit more than others. So with that, I think we've got time for one more question.
Operator: Larry De Maria with William Blair. Your line is open.
Larry De Maria: Hey, thanks, good morning. Slightly off topic here. But another labor negotiation strike have concluded congratulations. We have potential OSHA rules on the horizon around mandatory vaccines. Just curious if there's anything in the contract that talks to that, what your policy is? And just trying to understand the expectation around further issues in production both here and potentially even in Mannheim? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Sure. Thanks, Larry. Yes. I mean I would say the focus here over the last couple of months has really been around the negotiations on the contract and getting our employees back in our facilities and operating. We'll continue to work through all the important guidelines and everything that needs to be put in place. I'd say, if we go back to the early days of the pandemic, we were taking measures ahead of guidelines ahead of CDC requirements as well as in other parts of the world to take care of our workforce, to keep them safe. We shifted to multi-shift operations in order to create distance. We put a number of those things in place early on. So, I think we feel pretty good about the track record we have of taking care and keeping our employees safe and our work environment is safe and we'll continue to do that. So with that, we'll go ahead and wrap up the call. We appreciate everyone's time. I hope everyone has a good Thanksgiving and we'll talk soon. Take care.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-08-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Deere and Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Good morning. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, Chief Financial Officer, John Stone, President of Construction & Forestry, Jahmy Hindman, Chief Technology Officer, and Brent Norwood, Manager Investor Communications. We'll take a closer look today at our third-quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for Fiscal '21. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement this call. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere. com/earnings. First a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use recording transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call including the Q&A session agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere. com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I'll now turn the call over to Brent Norwood.
Brent Norwood: John Deere demonstrated strong execution in the third quarter, resulting in an 18.7% margin for the equipment operations. Ag fundamentals continue to be solid year-to-date, and results from our 2022 early order programs indicate demand to remain strong heading into the next fiscal year. Meanwhile, robust fundamentals for our Construction & Forestry equipment, continued into the third quarter, leading to improved levels of profitability and a heightened outlook for the rest of this year. Slide 3 shows the results for the third quarter. Net sales and revenue were up 29% to 11.5 billion, while net sales for the Equipment Operations were up 32% to 10.4 billion. Net income attributable to Deere and Company was 1.667 billion or $5.32 per diluted share. Now, let's turn to a review of our production in precision ag business, starting on slide 4. Net sales of 4.25 billion were up 29% compared to the third quarter last year. Primarily due to higher shipment volumes and price realization. Price realization in the quarter was positive by about 8 points. While currency translation was positive by about 4 points. Operating profit was 906 million, resulting in a 21% Operating margin for the segment compared to an 18% margin for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher shipment volumes, sales mix, and price realization, partially offset by higher production costs. With respect to the price realization, the above-average results for the quarter were primarily driven by a few different factors. The primary driver came from price adjustments made to offset unfavorable currency movements, which resulted in low double-digit price realization for markets outside North America. North American list prices were up slightly above average and benefited from lower incentive spending. Shifting focus to small Ag & Turf on Slide 5. Net sales were up 32% totaling 3.147 billion in the third quarter. The increase was driven primarily by higher shipment volumes and price realization. Price realization in the quarter was positive by just over 3 points while currency translation was positive by about 3.5 points. For the quarter, operating profit was 582 million, resulting in an 18.5% operating margin for the segment compared to a 14% margin for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase was due to higher shipment volumes, sales mix, and price realization partially offset by higher production costs. Results for the current period were affected by a 27 million one-time gain while the prior period included 37 million of one-time losses. Slide 6 shows our industry outlook for Ag & Turf markets globally. In the U.S. and Canada, we expect industry sales of large Ag equipment to be up about 25% for the year, reflecting improved fundamentals in the Ag sector. At this point, we anticipate producing in line with retail demand for the year, keeping inventory levels relatively tight heading into Fiscal year '22. As it relates to small Ag & Turf, we expect industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be up about 10%. While our shipments schedules imply production roughly in line with retail demand, our net sales for small Ag & Turf products are up higher than the year-over-year change in retail sales as activity recovers from significant underproduction in 2020. Moving on to Europe. And the industry forecast is -- the industry is forecast to be up about or between 10% to 15% as higher commodity prices strengthen business conditions in the arable segment, and dairy prices remain resilient, even as margins show some pressure from rising input costs. At this time, we have opened our Manheim tractor order book through the second quarter up 2022, filling all production slots through that time period. In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to increase about 20%. The combination of higher commodity prices, strong production, and a favorable currency environment, have boosted the profitability of farmers, driving orders through the remainder of the year and into the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, which is as far as we've allowed the order book to grow. Despite limited government-sponsored financing programs, private financing is more widely available this year, supporting continued strength in equipment demand. Industry sales in Asia are forecast to be up significantly, driven primarily by a strong recovery in the Indian tractor market. Moving on to our segment forecasts beginning on slide 7, for Production and Precision Ag, net sales are forecast to be up between 25% to 30% in fiscal year 21. The forecast includes a currency tailwind of about 2 points and expectations of nearly 8 points of positive price realization for the full year. For the segment's operating margin, our full-year forecast is ranged between 20% and 21%, and contemplates consistently solid financial performance across the various geographical regions. Slide 8 shows our forecast for the small Ag & Turf segment. Net sales in fiscal year 21 are forecast to be up about 25%. The guidance includes expectations for nearly 5 points of positive price realization and a favorable currency impact of about 3 points. The segment's operating margin is forecast to be ranged between 17% and 18%. Before moving on to the results for our Construction & Forestry division, Jahmy Hindman, our Chief Technology Officer, will offer some thoughts around our recent acquisition of Bear Flag Robotics. Jamie?
Jahmy Hindman: Thanks. Brent. As many of you are aware, John Deere has a long history of investing in increasing levels of automation in our equipment. These investments have distinctly positioned us to be a leading provider of autonomous solutions for our industry. We're now at a stage of maturity in that journey to make additional bold investments in autonomy consistent with the tech stack strategy that I shared with you last November. Accordingly, earlier this month, we added another exciting capability to our tech stack with our acquisition of Bear Flag Robotics. A technology start-up based in Silicon Valley. Today, I'd like to give you a little more perspective on how this acquisition will accelerate our autonomous capabilities, and serve as an important addition to our overall investment in autonomy. Bear Flag develops autonomous solutions compatible with existing machines, which means greater tech adoption, increased productivity, and improved profitability for our customers. It offers a set of technologies such as lidar, cameras, and radar, that complements our own initiatives and goals to provide customers with solutions that address the individual needs on the farm and the job site. The acquisition underscores our Smart Industrial strategy to deliver smarter machines with advanced technology. It addresses the challenge of scaling food production with fewer available resources, especially that of skilled labor. Increasingly, farm labor shortages are constraining the timing of agronomic jobs, or in some cases, the ability to do that job at all, which has a significant impact on farming outcomes. Through autonomy, customers can run their operation more predictably, efficiently, sustainably, and profitably from anywhere, ensuring the jobs get done within optimal timing windows, which has a substantial economic impact. It also represents an important leap forward in our retrofit capabilities across the installed base. We call those performance upgrades, and they will aid in the evolution of our business model for recurring revenue. More important, the combination of John Deere, Blue River, and Bear Flag positions autonomy as a key opportunity for differentiated value creation for our customers and our Company. We started working with Bear Flag in 2019 as part of Deere startup collaborator program. It's an initiative focused on enhancing work with startup companies whose technology could add value for our customers. It's also an important point of access to some of the leading talent and innovations in our industry. Since then, Bear Flag has successfully fielded it's autonomous solution on several farms in the U.S. As I mentioned, its primary focus has been on its retrofit-first strategy. However, it's technical architecture scales quickly with new implements and new tractor models, enabling fast compatibility with a large universe of equipment. This pairs nicely with Deere's comprehensive suite of products across our production systems. And while it's too early to commit to a business model for Bear Flag's products, we're encouraged by their customers early acceptance of a per acre approach. This positions autonomy as a service, and we feel that may reduce the barriers to accelerate adoption of the technology. This innovative approach and capability are a real testament to the foresight and talent of the Bear Flag team, and I'm confident they will make a strong addition to our current expertise, and automation, and autonomy. Let me wrap up by providing a brief perspective on our thoughts regarding technology investment. Over the last 20 years, we've invested in the building blocks for autonomy. Starting with foundational tools like our GPS guidance known as AutoTrac. We've increased the automation in those foundational technologies with the introduction of Turn Automation and AutoPath being our most recent examples. We have also begun automating the quality of the job being done as seen with Combine Advisor. These are core building blocks that set the foundation for autonomy.  We've also made strategic investments in companies like Blue River, which has significantly accelerated our timeline for both automation and autonomy. Bear Flag Robotics will add new capabilities that help us on this journey, as both companies will play a vital role in delivering a full range of autonomous solutions built from a technology foundation that was intentionally crafted over decades for this very moment. It's important to note that the breadth and diversity of these use cases introduces significant complexity. This highlights the ongoing need to expand our tech stack through the acquisition of new technologies, while further developing our existing capabilities, which as you know are already significant. Looking ahead, we see an enormous opportunity to create even greater customer value through autonomy. And are committed to the continued investment in technologies that address the broader ray of this cases across agriculture, road building, and construction. At this time, I'll turn the call over to John Stone to discuss our Construction & Forestry division. John?
John Stone: Thanks, Jamie. So let's look at slide 11 and talk about Construction & Forestry results for the quarter. Seed net sales of just over $3 billion were up 38% primarily due to higher shipment volumes and price realization. Operating profit moved higher Year-over-year to 463 million, resulting in a 15.4% Operating margin due to higher shipment volumes and a favorable sales mix, and price realization partially offset by higher production cost. Turning to slide 12, and take a look at our industry outlook. North American construction equipment industry sales are forecast to be up between 15% and 20%. Sales of compact construction equipment expected to be up 20% to 25%. In addition, forestry equipment driven by strong lumber demand is expected to be up 15%. To date, end markets for earthmoving and compact equipment have benefited from a strong housing market. And while this growth rate has slowed a bit, we are beginning to see positive indicators for non-residential investment and order activity from independent rental companies remain exceptionally strong heading into the fourth quarter. Demand for earthmoving and compact construction equipment will exceed our production for the year, resulting in low inventory levels as we exit the Fiscal year. Moving to the CNS segment outlook on slide 13, we expect our sales to be up around 30%. Our net sales guidance for the year includes expectations of 5 points of positive price realization and a favorable currency tailwind of about 2 points. Our operating margin is expected to be between 13% and 14% for the year, benefiting from price, volume and non-recurring expenses from 2020. Moving on to Slide 14, I'd like to take a few minutes and talk through our Construction & Forestry strategy, and also address how the recent excavator announcement you saw yesterday aligns with our overall Smart Industrial journey. The first thing I'd call your attention to on the slide is our mission. And our mission, why we exist, is to answer the fundamental need for smarter, safer, and more sustainable construction so our customers can shape tomorrow's world. As a result of the strategy we initiated last year, C&F division has focused on 3 main priorities margin improvement, differentiation with precision technology, and a new excavator strategy that will better position Deere and its customers for the future. I'll talk a little bit about each of these priorities. In the area of margin improvement, we've made considerable progress this year. And our guidance implies a line of sight to the highest operating margin in the division's history. We're committed to further improvements that will give C&F the ability to generate 15% margins at mid-cycle volumes. To improve our current margin profile, we accomplished 3 main objectives over the past year and a half. First, we reorganized our division around our customer's production systems to mirror the way they do business. This enables us to deliver greater customer value by helping them become more productive, more profitable, and while performing their jobs in a more sustainable way. Next, we made significant progress optimizing our cost structure. While at the same time maintaining pricing discipline for our products and fixing or exiting unprofitable business segments. Finally, we adjusted our investment priorities to ensure a greater degree of focus on the products and solutions that are the most differentiated and unlock the highest value for our customers. Notably leading the way has been the [Indiscernible], whose performance has substantiated our original deal thesis as a high-performing business that demonstrates higher growth with less cyclicality than our legacy businesses. We've made significant improvements in the cost structure and worldwide distribution network for the Verkin Group. And I expect the group to generate greater than 15% operating margin this year, inclusive of deal amortization and impairments, which is a structural improvement relative to the 10.7% margin we produced during our first full year of ownership. No doubt, [Indiscernible] 's best days are still ahead. Moving to differentiating technology, and coming over to C&F from ISG just over a year ago, was really eye-opening to see the size of the opportunity in front of us for differentiating technology on the jobsite and on the roads. Productivity in the construction industry has lagged for years. And machine automation, coordination, and access to data can address a sizable portion of this productivity gap. Our strategy and technology stack is enabling us to move beyond historical enterprise synergies to leveraging technology like computer vision, advanced control systems, sensors, software, back-end cloud, and machine learning training infrastructure to innovate faster. Let me give you a few examples on how this technology will make our products smarter, safer, and more sustainable. The next generation of Deere 's construction equipment will feature a higher degree of our proprietary technology stack, inclusive of grade control, decent systems and remote monitoring. Roads are going digital and we are positioned well to lead this. We see today's state, where no individual machine is used to its full capacity, and this inefficiency is coming from a lack of data, a lack of communication and coordination between machines, and different steps of the production system. Our analysis indicates cost savings in the range of 15% to 30% is possible versus today's traditional methods of road building and road rehabilitation. And when a 3 mile road rehabilitation project can cost $1 to $1.5 million, this is a big opportunity. These technologies will also serve to make job sites considerably safer, which is a top priority for our customers. And while we'll use much of the same hardware and software you would encounter on a Blue River See & Spray machine, a construction site is different, of course. It's busy, it's crowded, but a lot of the base technology is just the same. But we'll collect different data, and train our neural networks on different datasets, and use different onboard software for machine control. Lastly, we feel we are uniquely positioned to help further the use of recycled and renewable building materials. And for many reasons, construction equipment is likely to lead the way on full electric machines. And we look forward to providing further updates on that in the future. Moving on to our new excavator strategy on slide 15, is a summary of the transaction highlights which you also saw in our press release and our 8-K. As noted in the press release, we've entered into definitive agreements with Hitachi Construction Machinery to purchase Deere Hitachi joint-venture businesses, including three factories and a license agreement for the intellectual property, for continued manufacture of the current lineup. We will continue to source components from Hitachi and manufacture the current products at our existing locations for the near term. For those of you who may not be familiar with our longstanding relationship with Hitachi, let me provide a little context. Deere has produced excavators through a joint venture agreement with Hitachi for the last 30 years. Our jointly owned factories have produced Hitachi-designed machines, which were distributed under both the Deere and Hitachi brands through the Deere channel in the Americas. This joint venture has been successful and served us well over the years. Our new strategy will allow us to leverage our own technology and designs, specifically focused on the markets that matter most to us, furthering the value we unlock for our customers with Deere on Deere machines, while accelerating our innovation and response time to customer and Deere feedback on products. To that end, we've been investing in our own proprietary excavator designs for well over a decade serving markets outside of the Americas. And we have plans to introduce our next generation of excavators in the Americas in a timeline that complements our supply agreement with Hitachi. Finally, I would highlight, we do expect this transaction to be accretive to earnings in year one. At this point, I will turn the call back over to Brent.
Brent Norwood: Let's move now to our financial services operations on Slide 17. Worldwide, financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the third quarter, was 227 million. Benefiting from an improvement and on operating lease residual values, as well as income earned on a higher average portfolio, a lower provision for credit losses, and more favorable financing spreads. For fiscal year 2021, The net income forecast is now 850 million as the segment continues to benefit from the same factors realized during the quarter. Slide 18 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate, and operating cash flow. For Fiscal year '21, our full-year outlook for net income is now forecast to be between 5.7 and 9.5 billion. The full-year forecast reflects the impact from higher raw material prices and logistics costs, which we estimate to have added an additional 1.5 billion in expense, experienced mostly in the back half of the year. The guidance incorporates an effective tax rate projected to be between 22% and 24%. Lastly, cash flow from the equipment operations is expected to be in a range of $5.8 billion to $6 billion. I will now turn the call over to Ryan Campbell for closing comments. Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Thanks, Brent. Before we respond to your questions, I'd like to offer a few thoughts on our financial results and the current demand environment, as well as provide some commentary on the execution of our strategy. The Company continued to demonstrate strong performance in the third quarter, while challenges in the supply base persisted, and in some cases, became more complicated. We owe this solid execution to the extraordinary efforts made by our workforce for getting our products to the field and to our dealer channel for best-in-class customer support. At this time, we expect many of these challenges to persist through the end of this year and into next. Our guidance reflects a continuation of these challenges, but does not contemplate a significant shutdown of operations. Despite the challenging production environment, in market demand remains robust, with order activity providing excellent visibility for our large Ag production, throughout much of Fiscal year '22. Results from our planner and sprayer early order programs, indicate robust demand will continue well into next year. In fact, we were able to fill our available production slots for Fiscal year '22, early in the first phase of the program. At this time, we expect production rates for our crop care products to be up strong double-digits on a percentage basis in Fiscal year '22 compared to Fiscal year '21. Even more encouraging is the take rates for our advanced precision features, which were up significantly from last year, reaching all-time highs. Our large tractor order book in the U.S. extends through the second quarter of Fiscal year '22 and we have not yet opened it up for orders in the second half of the year. Encouragingly, take rates for our premium and automation activations also reached all-time highs. While we manage this strong demand environment, we are also laser-focused on executing our strategy that will unlock significant new economic headroom for our customers while driving higher levels of sustainability in their operations. As we reflect on what we have built to date, and the possibilities we see in the future, we will aggressively make investments that promote deeper customer engagement in our digital platforms and software driven solutions. As we speak, our production systems teams are analyzing each step in our customers processes and designing or concepting solutions that will increase output while reducing the inputs required. As these types of solutions gain traction, we see the potential for a future less dependent on sales of new equipment units each year. And instead, a future tied more closely to the jobs our customers do, year-in and year-out, enabled by the technology that makes them more profitable, productive, and sustainable. Over the next year, we'll talk a bit more about how this transformation will impact the Company's goals and ambitions beyond our current set of goals slated for 2022. Ultimately, our next-generation of goals will align to the activities and investments required to unlock the total addressable market of new value creation for our customers, which we believe is significant. Lastly, the third quarter provided a good representation of our use of cash priorities. Last quarter, I noted that our heightened cash flow levels, would enable us to invest more in our technology stack, as well as increase cash return to Shareholder s. And as we indicated, we made investments that both support our Smart Industrial strategy, and will deliver long-term value for Shareholder s. Beyond that, we raised our dividend by 18% in the second quarter and in the third quarter, repurchased over 700 million in shares, our highest amount in 6 years. In summary, despite some of the near-term operational challenges, we expect to continue delivering on our financial goals while at the same time accelerating our investments in technology and sustainability. Although still early, we are convinced that our strategy will drive differentiated outcomes for our customers and all stakeholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress over the next few quarters.
Josh Jepsen: Now we are ready to begin Q&A. The Operator will instruct you on pulling procedures. In consideration of others, and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Ted.
Operator: Yes. The phone lines are now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] First question in the queue is from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Adam Uhlman: Hey guys, good morning. Congrats on the strong quarter. I have a question on the early order programs, if you could. Any chance you could expand the production capacity to capture more of the demand upside. And related to that, can you just talk about what the pricing was looking like on the early order programs?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Adam. The early order programs, one of the things that we see, and when we look at what were the demand picture there is, it appears demand is going to be above the industry's ability to supply, given the supply constraints that we're facing. So I think that's one of the challenges that we see there. As we looked at the early order program, the crop care, supplanters and sprayers, as that opened up, we essentially filled the full-year production in the first phase of the program. So we will not run additional phases there. And when you think about combines, for combines, we recently opened that up. We're doing that a little bit differently this year in that we've allowed orders to begin, but we are taking time, pausing to be able to manage price cost dynamics there. So we can make those adjustments. And then from a price point of view for the PPA products or production precision Ag products that we have out, either on early order or that we've taken orders on. It carried roughly, 8% price increase for 2022. Thanks, Adam. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Robert Wertheimer with Melius Research, your line is now open.
Robert Wertheimer: Hi. Good morning everyone, and thanks for discussion on the strategy and the technology and how they are intersecting. Jahmy, I don't -- you gave a pretty good overview of Bear Flag. I'm a little bit curious if you can expand on maybe why Deere didn't do more of this internally. Maybe kind of did because you had the relationship and I'm sure you were working with them in the accelerator. I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about internal versus external, decisions, start-up versus internal innovation, and the advantages and disadvantages. And I'll stop there. Thank you.
Jahmy Hindman: Thanks Rob, for the question. We have done a tremendous amount of work internally as well. I think the autonomy problem is hard, and it takes a, I think, a multi-faceted approach and multi-sensor approach in order to solve it. And so don't read in to the Bear Flag acquisition that we haven't done work internally on it. Our investments has been significant internally as well, Bear Flag is a recognition that the problem is hard across the full production system. And we thought that the talent, technical skills, and sensing capability that they brought to the equation was part of us helping to solve the complete puzzle.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Rob, it's Ryan. Just maybe to add onto that, the opportunity is big in this space and it's moving fast. Some of this is a function of the speed, to the extent that we can acquire and accelerate what we're doing internally. That's something that we think about a lot, more focused on.
Jahmy Hindman: Thank you, Rob.
Ryan Campbell: Thanks, Rob. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies, your line is now open.
Stephen Volkmann: Hey good morning, guys. Maybe to go back to price cost. I'm curious, you must have pretty good visibility, I would assume on both price and cost in the first half of next year. As far as you have your order books open, I guess. So, how should we think about the price -cost dynamic that's in your backlog now?
Josh Jepsen: Sure, Steve. Maybe just backing up. 2021, we are price-cost positive for the full year. We do see that become more challenged in the fourth quarter. As we talked about, Brent mentioned a billion and a half of a material freight costs now, this year, almost 45% of that is in the fourth quarter. Importantly, as we think about going forward to next year as mentioned, we are on the PPA side of the business. We have about 8 points of price on the products that are out there right now. And both in combines, as I mentioned earlier, as well as our tractors adjusting a little bit of how we're managing order activity to better try to control the price cost dynamics. So we fully intend and expect that we'll be price-cost positive in '22 as well. Thanks, Steve. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Ryan, I'm wondering if you could just expand on your comments regarding the TAM and take rates. The productivity improvement on fertilizers, seeds, et cetera, feels like 50 plus billion dollars TAM for you folks. I'm wondering if you might be willing to comment on that at this point. And if you could just touch on the exact take rates for ExactEmerge and some of the other key products, if you can?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jerry. This is Josh. I'll start maybe just on talking a little bit on the take rate side. So we -- as noted, we saw significant steps up in planting on ExactEmerge as well as ExactApply on sprayers. So ExactEmerge is around 55%, that's about a 10 point jump from where we were a year ago. And just above 55 on ExactApply on the sprayer side, so we have seen those move up. And one other thing, as you think about technology and adoption. And we saw a pretty significant increase as well in engaged acres. So now over 290 million engaged acres. So when you think about the ability to -- you grow engagement there both through the use of technology, and then the data side in terms of what that can do from a decision-making perspective for customers and the value we can add. And we think that's a really significant opportunity for us to continue to see expanding.
Ryan Campbell: Jerry on TAM. I mean, you'll hear us talk more about and start to quantify TAM over the next few quarters. But I would say is how we think about it is we look at all the inputs that our customers are using. And we think there's a good portion of those inputs, [Indiscernible] being the best example that we can turn into software at a benefit to our customers and a benefit to us from a margin perspective. So as we think about it, there's an opportunity on inputs that our customers are using. There's an opportunity on yield improvements based on the solutions that we'll develop. And as I indicated, that opportunity is significant, but more to come and more specifics to come over the next couple of quarters.
Jahmy Hindman: Jerry, this is Jahmy. I'd just add that we also think about one of those inputs as labor. And tying back to the automation autonomy story that we shared, U.S. census data released last week, would indicate the flight from rural to urban is continuing to accelerate. And that, that pressure point from an Ag labor perspective is only going to get worse. So we view that as part of the equation as well.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jerry. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about the supply chain. I think you mentioned that some aspects have gotten a little more complex, but I'm wondering overall to what extent you're seeing any signs anywhere of that easing. And when you think we might see the peak pain point in that process and seeing it get a little bit better.
Josh Jepsen: As we expected a quarter ago, we noted we thought the back half of the year would be more challenging. That's exactly what we saw. We saw more disruptions, more impacts to production, where we -- we were losing days of production at different facilities at different times throughout the quarter. And we think that continues, we don't see that easing up as we get into the fourth quarter and into 2022, so we think that continues. And one of the challenges is that it's a pretty wide variety of issues. It's not one select issue from materials to labor to logistics across the supply chain, which makes it a little more challenging. And also pretty diverse from a geographic perspective. So continue to manage through it. The teams are doing really good job of producing and being as productive as possible given the challenges, dealers are working really hard taking care of customers, making sure we're getting those products to them. But we don't -- we don't see that easing up here in the near-term. Thanks, Steve.
Steven Fisher: Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: We're going to go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. I guess, if you could just -- I was interested by the Hitachi announcement. I'm just trying to understand. One, I think your market share in excavators is about 40%. If you can help me understand -- correct me if that's right. And I'm assuming, this is a higher-margin product line for you, so I'm trying to understand how. I know it will be accretive to margins in EPS, but if you could give us any more color there and then sort of new geographies that this announcement opens you up to. Thank you.
John Stone: Jamie, this is John Stone. Thanks very much for the question. I would say excavators is obviously a very important machine form for construction. And if you look unit volume, it's typically 35%, 40% of any given market. Our share would not be the numbers you said, probably in the range of half that in fact. And when we look at our other core earth-moving product lines, we do see an opportunity to improve that share quite a bit. The margin story is a little bit different. If you think about a 50/50 joint venture structure, where Hitachi did the design. We jointly did the manufacture and then Deere was responsible for the distribution. There is a margin-sharing aspect of that relationship. And obviously, as we move to a more traditional supply agreement with Hitachi, that margin sharing goes away. So it's really a mechanical adjustment to that part of the business that will improve the margins. And then as we're able to introduce Deere designs, Deere technology in the future, we see that really as further upside to both margin and share in a really important segment. We'll maintain a near-term focus on just working through this change in the Americas, and talk with you about other geographies, probably in future calls.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jamie.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you. Just trying to think about margins. If you pull out the fourth quarter a year ago, you had a lot of one-time costs there. But what you're implying about the negative price cost for the fourth quarter, we get back to like a core incremental of about 24%, 25%. It sounds like the first half of the year, next year still struggles with price cost. And you're going to open the order books for the back half when you get a little more comfort with how much price do we need to get the margins a little bit stronger on an incremental. When do you think you'll open those order books for '22? And should we think about the way you are trying to manage the businesses, that trying to get core incremental around '25?
Josh Jepsen: David, I would say when we think about the price-cost dynamics, as we flip the modeling -- the fiscal year, price will reset there. I would not expect that we're necessarily seeing those price-cost dynamics be particularly negative as we go forward. And then the full year of '22, at this point, we would expect those to be positive from a price - cost point of view. I think maybe importantly is, fourth quarter is probably not a good read-through in terms of what we would expect from a margin perspective in the fiscal year or in the early part of '22.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, David, it's Ryan. Implied in fourth quarter is mid-to-high twenties incremental. As you indicated, we had some specials last year. If you take those out, you're in the teens, but then if you look at some of the heavy inflation that's hitting in the fourth quarter and adjust for that, you are back to about 40% incremental, which is what we've been running for -- running with this year-to-date. Certainly as we move forward, as Josh indicated, we'll be resetting price as we turn the calendar in a lot of different products. And so we would expect healthy incrementals over the next year in a range that we've been able to execute against in the past.
Josh Jepsen: On the order book, I think product to product that will vary, in terms of how we work through when we open those. In some places, like South America, Brazil, it's been on a month-to-month basis, sort of vary, but that's a shift for us to try to be a little more dynamic in terms of how we're managing those price costs impacts. Thanks, David. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Kristen Owen: Thanks. Good morning, thank you for taking the question. Wanted to follow up on some of the TAM and take rates in precision Ag and noted during the quarter that you made some changes to the John Deere link business model. Just wondering if you can discuss some of the thought process behind that shift. And Jahmy, I know you said it's too early to commit to a single autonomy business model, but maybe give us a broader sense of the foundation of recurring revenue that you have today, and how we should think about that evolving across the portfolio. Thank you.
John Stone: Hi Kristen. Business model question first, I think the reality is in the technology space and autonomy in particular that the tech is going to spin faster than the base machine So we have to be able to provide a business model that allows us and allows customers to take advantage of that latest tech on existing machines and relatively new machines in the fleet. Not just brand new whole goods coming out of the factory. So that's one of the factors that we're taking into account from a business model perspective. Just given the rates of change, the disparity and change from a technology perspective on the base machine versus the tech that enables autonomy. Your first question was, Kristen?
Kristen Owen: Related to the shift in the business model on [Indiscernible]
John Stone: Got it. So that's fundamentally is about just trying to reduce the friction for customers to take -- to collect their data and get their data in a usable format, right. That's about us trying to minimize the amount of inertia that they have to overcome in order to collect that data, it removes one more hurdle for a customer to take that data and put it in a useful place, and to start extracting insights from it.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Kristen. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Chad Dillard: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Josh Jepsen: Hi, Chad.
Chad Dillard: So can you talk about the ability to expand our timing in the construction? Perhaps you can leave in what opportunities the acquisition of Bear Flag presents, what workflows will be first in line, and how should we think about the particular product categories at line do this?
Jahmy Hindman: This is Jahmy, thanks for the question. It's a great question. I think John mentioned some of the transference of technology from Ag construction already talked about the ability to take technology for example, that we're developing for CNS spray and apply it in the construction space. We see similar opportunities on the autonomy side. It's -- the perception problem from a technical perspective, is different in environment that we're operating in but the core technologies required to execute it from Ag to construction or to road-building are remarkably similar. So we see a really good opportunity to leverage the work that's been happening in Ag into that construction or building space as well.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Chad. We're going to go to our next call.
Operator: Next question is from Mig Dobre with Baird, your line is now open.
Mig Dobre: Good morning. Thank you. Another question on Bear Flag for me as well. It's pretty clear that those guys ' business models really geared towards retrofitting existing equipment. But I guess I'm wondering as you're looking at this technology, is there a timeline that we should keep in mind in terms of your ability to integrate this technology in your machines from new model standpoint. And is there a timeline that we should keep in mind in tractors versus harvesters, sprayers, other types of equipment. Thank you.
Jahmy Hindman: That's a great question. That's the crystal ball question. I would tell you that the technology is maturing at a very rapid pace, and the capabilities are improving day-by-day. We fully plan on developing a fully autonomous production system all the way through the agricultural production system stack. And leverage the technology from one machine form to the other. So for example, from tractors into sprayers in to combines, et cetera. That leveraging capability gives us the ability to move quickly once we start to introduce it into the market onto other machine farms.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Mig, we'll then go to next question.
Operator: Next question is from Ann Duignan with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Ann Duignan: I'd like to focus on the Finco business, if you don't mind, if you could talk a little bit about how much you have realized in gains on sales of operating leases returning and your outlook for this going forward. And do you anticipate that used equipment prices will dissipate as new equipment becomes more available, or are you really just seeing a reversion to normal where most farmers never buy new equipment anyway because of the price of new equipment.
Ann Duignan: So I'm just curious as to your outlook from that use pricing as we go into 2022 and new products become more readily available.
Josh Jepsen: The -- when we think about the operating lease book, it has performed very well this year. I think more importantly than just the pure gains and losses are some of the changes we made in terms of how we interact, how we work with our dealers to drive the right behavior. And what we've seen from a return rate perspective is we've seen very, very solid improvements. Really to the levels we haven't seen for well over 6, 7 years. So that's been particularly positive. As you noted, we've seen gains on the lease book the last few quarters, which has been positive and really demonstrates the underlying demand for used equipment. The upward price pressure we're seeing really across all categories of used equipment from Ag to Construction & Forestry. The current environment with inventories have used quite low and new inventory very low. Our expectation would be that that continues. We wouldn't see a significant shift there. As you look at channel inventories, whether it's small Ag -- production, precision Ag, or Construction & Forestry, we're at near historic level -- low levels across all categories. So we think there's probably a multi-year recovery to rebuild those channel inventories. I wouldn't expect new inventory to put any pressure on unused at this point. Thanks, Dan (ph). We'll go ahead and jump to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Tim Thein with Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Timothy Thein: Thanks. Good morning. Josh, I just wanted to come back, make sure I was clear on the -- or how to interpret the point about pricing within the large Ag business in terms of that 8 points. So that's obviously on some of the -- some of what's included there. What -- some of the waterloo products and as you mentioned this spring EOP, but of course it's not every product within the large Ag group. So can you maybe help us -- so you've got that component in terms of the lease price increase and then you mentioned earlier some of the volatility in FX market has led you to be more dynamic in terms of pricing. And it's difficult to tell whether that repeats or not. So maybe just clarify a little bit more in terms -- so we don't just come away saying okay, 8 points of price, that's what we heard, that may not tell the whole story in terms of pricing into 22. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: The Production Precision Ag in North America where we've got order activity going for '22, so planters, sprayers, combines, large tractors, they're all carrying about 8% of price. So that's a decently fair representation for North America and PPA. As Brent noted, overseas markets where we have seen volatility, we've been -- in 21, we've seen low double-digits price realization, and that's been very favorable for us as we've tried to be a little more dynamic in responding to those changes. So I would not expect that we will change the process and methodology that we've used over the last year there. Thanks, Tim. Go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Another technology question. I mean, you guys are making a bigger commitment to autonomy with Bear Flag, what about electrification and what kind of role will electrification have across your various product categories.
Ross Gilardi: Should we expect Deere to have some announcements relatively soon. And just like how you electrify maybe your smaller Ag and just your compact construction equipment at least, and are you already in the process of doing that. Thanks.
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah. Thanks for the question. You're absolutely electrification, battery-electric in particular is going to play a role in the powering machines in the future. And certainly we view that sort of starting at low horsepower, low power equipment first and as the technology matures and it becomes more power dense moving up into the product lines over time. And many of our products are ready for that. The reality is that the technology is mature enough to start to build that into product, and those are active products in our roadmap.
Josh Jepsen: Ross, one thing I'd add maybe to consider there too is as we think about this journey, the ability to electrify components to hybridize machines, particularly higher horsepower will be things that happen -- are happening today. We've had in lineup in some cases in construction for a number of years, that will continue to drive more efficiency there. And then as you think about things like renewable biodiesel, there are other opportunities for alternative fuels, those sorts of things that can significantly pull down emissions, but also be generated from crops that our customers grow which provide a pretty virtuous circle there.
Ross Gilardi: Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Ross. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss: Hey guys, how's it going?
Josh Jepsen: Hey, Joel.
Joel Tiss: I wonder if you can talk a little bit about getting paid, on the construction side. I think just for the industry that's been a little bit more of a difficult endeavor. And any characterization you can give us on how far construction is behind precision Ag, just to give us an idea, like how much work has to be done in order to get paid for that? Thank you.
John Stone: Joel, this is John Stone, really good question. I think certainly construction as an industry has probably lagged, what you see in terms of technology advancements and precision Ag. But like we talked, we stand to benefit a lot from moving from just these historical enterprise synergies you've heard Deere talk about to being able to leverage common hardware components, common based software, common sensors, and just a different application and different use of those technologies. And they can solve a lot of the same problems in construction. Labor availability is tough to find for construction companies, so making machines more automated, it's easier to train a new operator and get them up to speed quickly. When you look at an average jobsite, estimates would tell you that 30% of the cost of that job site is due to waste and rework. And automation like Smart Grade, a technology that we have introduced into the market, that controls the blade tip, controls the bucket, allows you to do a very precise job down to just over 1 inch precision on the grade, get the grade right. Get it fast, do it right the first time and eliminate that 30% waste. We've got customer testimonials. It's real. Take rates are on, I'd say the early part of the adoption curve and it starts to get steep. We're in the mid-double-digits and growing. So I think there's a great opportunity in leveraging Jamie's organization, leveraging technology developed for Ag. We can certainly go a lot faster and at a fraction of the investment that we'd incur if we tried to do it all by ourselves.
Ryan Campbell: Yeah, this is Ryan. Those features like Smart Grade. Obviously, as John talked about, it's profitable for our customers. It's also profitable for us.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Joel. Go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for question. Maybe just first, just wanted to follow-up on the Take Rate s for Exact Apply, I think you we're also rolling out See & Spray this year. Does that include See & Spray or can you give us any detail on how that program is unfolding? And then my question on the supply constraints that you're experiencing. Obviously, you increased to the 1.5 billion for the year in terms of costs. Is that primarily related to freight versus material costs? And other than kind of restricting your capacity and your order book for next year, can you just talk to us a little bit about what you're doing on the procurement side to make sure that you have a consistent supply chain through next year? And I think you mentioned your guidance does not contemplate a shutdown, but what you're doing to make sure that there's no significant shutdowns.
Josh Jepsen: [Indiscernible] that we mentioned, it's about two-thirds material and the third freight. So there's a combination of things going, some of the increases, our -- the ability to get material. As we had supply challenges, you'll see more expedited freight. So needing to use air freight to get things to factories and more adjusting time. In addition to just freight rates in general being higher given high levels of demand. So we're continuing to work really closely with the supply base, working through what are challenges capacity constraints as we look forward, and we provided more visibility to the supply base than we historically have in order to try to work through those challenges and get out ahead of them. But it's certainly, has been a challenging environment and that very likely continues. From a See & Spray Select point of view, that is not in the Exact Apply Take Rate that I mentioned. We had limited availability in this early order program. It's a relatively small number that -- excuse me, green on brown solution is a little bit more of a niche operation. But we did fill up the allocation of machines that we had planned for this year. So that's positive and we'll be working on See & Spray Ultimate as well as we get limited production machines out later this -- later in calendar '22 as well. Thanks, Courtney. Go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question is from Larry De Maria with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Larry De Maria: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everybody. As we think about looking into next year and we think about what's going on this year, is there anywhere we're or a material we're under-producing anywhere now? Because if I understand your comments, you're producing to retail demand essentially everywhere. And you had the swing in small Ag. Do you think by next year, dealers obviously may want to add some inventory, but there should be no major swings from over or underproduction. Is that correct? Just trying to understand the potential production swings next year.
Josh Jepsen: For a production precision Ag, it's more like for producing more or less in line with retail this year. On the construction equipment side and the compact construction equipment side, that's where we see underproduction this year and more significantly on the compact construction side. That's a combination of very strong demand. Some of the supply constraints, but we've also been growing share. We've talked about introducing dual distribution with Ag dealers as well, over the last few years. So we've seen really, really solid and positive results there. So that's just put more pressure on the ability to get more and more inventory out. So that's probably the place where we see the need to build inventory, as well as small tractors, where both small tractors and compact construction are similar in that. But probably in the high teens inventory to sales. And typically, those are in -- probably in the 40% range or so. To your point, probably a long multi-year recovery to get those back up to the inventory sales levels that we think are best. Thanks, Larry.
Larry De Maria: Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: I think we got time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. The next question is from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks guys. And I appreciate you squeezing me in here. Can we just talk a little bit about your expectations for R&D and CapEx into 2022. I know that you just -- you've tweaked your expectations for 2021 down the tiniest bit but I'm just curious if that -- if those two numbers need to come up next year?
Josh Jepsen: I wouldn't -- not necessarily significant changes. This year we've been down a little bit, some of that has been large projects that rolled off from an R&D point of view. So things like the X9 Combine and a few other things that were relatively significant. So that has driven some of the decrease.  So we'd probably, over time in next year and going forward probably expect a little more R&D. As we look to accelerate some of the opportunities that we see that both Jahmy and John talked about here today. So I think from a CapEx perspective I would say not significant changes in where we're at. Thanks, Nicole. Well, with that, we'll wrap up the call. Thanks, everyone for the interest and we will chat with you soon. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-05-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Company's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Hello and good morning. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, our Chief Financial Officer; Cory Reed, President of Production and Precision Ag; and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at the second quarter earnings and spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal '21. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning that can be accessed on our website. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission used by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Brent Norwood.
Brent Norwood: John Deere demonstrated strong execution in the second quarter, resulting in a 19.5% margin for the equipment operations. Ag fundamentals improved significantly throughout the first half of the year and the improved sentiment is reflected in the most recent status of our order books, which extend through the rest of the year and in some cases, into fiscal year '22. Meanwhile, markets for our construction and forestry segment also strengthened in the second quarter, leading to improved levels of profitability and a heightened outlook for the rest of the year. Slide 3 shows the results for the second quarter. Net sales and revenue were up 30% to $12.058 billion, while net sales for the equipment operations were up 34% to nearly $11 billion. Net sale -- net income attributable to Deere & Company was $1.790 billion or $5.68 per diluted share. At this time, I'd like to welcome to the call Cory Reed, President of Production & Precision Ag, for a discussion of the segment results and an update on the global ag environment. Cory?
Cory Reed: Thanks, Brent. Let's start with second quarter results for production and precision ag on Slide 4. Net sales of $4.529 billion were up 35% compared to the second quarter last year, primarily due to higher shipment volumes and price realization. Price realization in the quarter was positive by nearly 9 points, while currency translation was positive by 2 points. Operating profit was just over $1 billion, resulting in a 22% operating margin for the segment compared to a 17% margin for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by price realization and higher shipment volumes and sales mix. These items were partially offset by higher production costs. With respect to price realization, the above-average results for the quarter were primarily driven by a few different factors. The primary driver of price came from significant midyear adjustments made last year and this year for select foreign markets to offset unfavorable currency movements, which resulted in low double-digit price realization for markets outside of North America. North American list prices were up slightly above average and benefited from prices for new product launches during 2020. Lastly, the current low inventory levels across the industry have led to lower overall incentive spending, thus boosting net price realization. We do anticipate net price realization to moderate some in the second half of the year. Shifting focus to small ag and turf on Slide 5. Net sales were up 30%, totaling $3.39 billion in the second quarter. The increase was driven primarily by higher shipment volumes, price realization and the favorable effects of currency translation. Price realization in the quarter was positive by nearly 6 points, while currency translation was positive by 4 points. For the quarter, operating profit was $648 million, resulting in a 19% operating margin for the segment compared to an 8.7% margin for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase was due to higher shipment volumes and sales mix, price realization and the favorable effects of foreign currency exchange. These items were partially offset by higher production costs. Before moving on to our industry forecast for regional ag markets, I'd like to first offer some perspective on the current global ag environment beginning on Slide 6. Over the course of the last 9 months, fundamentals for large ag production systems have steadily improved, driving stronger economic results for our customers and enhanced visibility for our equipment order books. Global stocks of grain have tightened significantly this year on account of multiple factors such as increased Chinese grain imports and recovery in ethanol usage and weather-related production losses in South America. For a second consecutive year, we expect grain and oilseed consumption to outpace supply, supporting fundamentals in the next marketing year. While government support is expected to decrease this year, principal crop cash receipts in the U.S. are forecast to increase 30%, with improvements in commodity prices more than offsetting the decline in government aid. In addition to higher cash receipts, U.S. customer sentiment has benefited from better market access over the last few quarters with elevated exports to China. Given the positive environmental backdrop, order activity is up significantly. and all of our large ag order banks are now complete through the end of the fiscal year. For select product lines such as four-wheel drives and 8R tractors, we're now taking orders for fiscal year '22 and have visibility through the first half of the year. Furthermore, we'll open our early order program for planters and sprayers in June, which will yield some additional data points on demand for 2022. The current market dynamics, coupled with production constraints for the industry, point to a multiyear cycle for ag equipment. Current global inventory levels for both new and used equipment remain at historic lows. While the average age of the North American fleet is at its highest level in 2 decades, even with double-digit growth expected for the industry in '21, shipments of North American large ag equipment remain 40% less on average than the previous cycle. At this point, in 2021, it's clear that demand will carry over into subsequent years due partially to limitation on the industry's production capabilities. Suppliers and logistics providers are currently stretched thin as economies begin recovering from the lows of the pandemic. Furthermore, labor markets are extremely tight, delaying efforts to ramp up. To date, we have experienced frequent disruptions. However, our factory managers and supply management teams have done an extraordinary job, keeping our production schedules mostly intact without yet resorting to material work stoppages. While many of these spot disruptions are on account of various supplies, procurement of semiconductor chips remains a significant risk to our production schedule for the remainder of the year. To date, our suppliers have worked diligently to ensure our products continue their vital role in providing food security and critical infrastructure. And we're cautiously optimistic that they will continue to meet demand and help us ensure continuous service to our customers. In addition to supply constraints, we're also managing through significant inflation for both raw materials and logistics, which will continue to hit us throughout the second half of the year. Lastly, despite progress in the U.S. with respect to the pandemic, COVID remains a challenge as we face disruptions to some of our foreign operations and supply base with India as the most recent example. As we've done since last March, we continue to work through these challenges, ensuring safe working conditions for our employees and continuous support to our customers. Before addressing our industry outlook, I'd like to first offer my gratitude to our employees and dealers, who worked through so many unique circumstances over the last year. We owe our results to the incredible efforts of our frontline employees, who kept our factories running during the pandemic and managed to keep production schedules on time amidst various supply constraints. Similarly, our field employees and dealers keep finding ways to serve our customers and have gone above and beyond during this last year. Slide 7 shows our industry outlook for ag and turf markets globally. In U.S. and Canada, we expect industry sales of large ag equipment to be up roughly 25% for the year, reflecting improved fundamentals in the ag sector. At this point, we anticipating producing in line with retail demand for the year, keeping inventory levels relatively tight heading into fiscal year '22. Meanwhile, we expect industry sales of small ag and turf equipment in the U.S. and Canada to be up roughly 10%. Similarly, our shipment schedules imply production roughly in line with retail demand for most products. Moving on to Europe. The industry is forecast to be up roughly 10% as higher commodity prices strengthened business conditions in the arable segment, offsetting some weaknesses in dairy and livestock. Our Mannheim tractor order book extends through the end of the fiscal year, demonstrating continued progress towards executing our regional strategy focused on large and precision ag. In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to increase about 20%. The combination of higher commodity prices, strong production and a favorable currency environment have boosted profitability of farmers, driving orders through the remainder of the year. Despite limited government-sponsored financing programs, private financing is more widely available this year in supporting continued strength in equipment demand. Industry sales in Asia are forecast to be up slightly, though key markets for Deere such as India are performing slightly better. Moving on to our segment forecast, beginning on Slide 8. For production and precision ag, net sales are forecast to be up between 25% and 30% in fiscal year '21. The forecast includes a currency tailwind of about 2 points and expectations of nearly 7 points of positive price realization for the full year. For the segment's operating margin, our full year forecast is ranged between 20% and 21%, and contemplates consistent performance across the various geographical regions. Slide 9 shows our forecast for the small ag and turf segment. Net sales in fiscal year '21 are forecast to be up between 20% and 25%. The guidance includes expectations for 3 points of positive price realization and a favorable currency impact of about 3 points. The segment's operating margin is forecast to range between 16.5% and 17.5%.  I'll now turn the call back to Brent.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Cory. Now let's focus on construction and forestry on Slide 10. For the quarter, net sales of $3.079 billion were up 36%, primarily due to higher shipment volumes, price realization and the favorable effects of foreign currency translation. The quarter results were boosted by 4.5 points of positive price realization and a currency tailwind of about 4 points. Operating profit moved higher year-over-year to $489 million, resulting in a 15.9% operating margin due to higher shipment volumes and sales mix and price realization, partially offset by higher production costs. Also keep in mind that last year's results included employee separation and impairment costs totaling $85 million. Let's turn to our 2021 construction and forestry industry outlook on Slide 11. North American construction equipment industry sales are now forecast to be up between 15% and 20%, while sales of compact construction equipment are expected to be up between 20% to 25%. To date, in markets for earthmoving and compact equipment have benefited primarily from strength in the housing market as well as some recovery from trough conditions in the oil and gas sector. Additionally, we are beginning to see positive indicators for nonresidential investment as well as strengthening order activity from independent rental companies. Furthermore, current demand levels are still benefiting from the industry's collective response of managing inventories tightly during the early days of the pandemic. In forestry, we now expect the industry to be up between 15% to 20% as lumber demand remains very strong, particularly in North America. Moving to the C&F segment outlook on Slide 12. Deere's construction and forestry 2021 net sales are now forecast to be up between 25% and 30%. Our net sales guidance for the year includes expectations of about 3 points of positive price realization and a currency tailwind of about 2 points. We expect the segment's operating margin to be ranged between 12% to 13% for the year, benefiting from price, volume and nonrecurring expenses from 2020. Let's move now to our financial services operation on Slide 13. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the second quarter was $222 million, benefiting from a lower provision for credit losses, improvement on operating lease residual values and more favorable financing spreads, while last year's results included impairments on lease residual values. For fiscal year 2021, the net income forecast is now $800 million. The provision for credit losses forecast for 2021 is 9 basis points when compared to the average portfolio managed. Slide 14 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. For fiscal year '21, our full year outlook for net income is now forecast to be between $5.3 billion and $5.7 billion. The guidance incorporates an effective tax rate projected to be between 23% and 25%. Lastly, cash flow from the equipment operations is expected to be in a range of $5.1 billion to $5.5 billion and contemplates a $700 million voluntary contribution to our OPEB plan. I will now turn the call over to Ryan Campbell for closing comments. Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Thanks, Brent. Before we respond to your questions, I'd like to offer a few thoughts on our financial results as well as address some of the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead. With respect to the results for the quarter, we are encouraged by the progress we've made in improving our structural profitability. While unit volumes for large ag equipment remained below prior cycles, we are achieving significantly higher levels of profitability. These favorable results are due in part to the work we've done over the last 18 months to reposition our organization. During that time, we've: one, reorganized the company around production systems; two, taken significant strides towards optimizing our cost structure; and three, adapted our investment priorities to drive a greater focus -- greater degree of focus on the products and solutions that are most differentiated and then unlock the highest economic value for our customers. Underlying this is the unique tech stack that we have built over the last 2 decades. We believe it is a combination of best-in-class products, a best-in-class dealer channel and the tech stack that will drive the solutions that make our customers the most profitable and sustainable in the industry. In addition to our new strategy, we are also benefiting from the improved fundamentals for our customers. Despite the broad economic challenges brought on by the pandemic, grain and oilseed consumption is outpacing supply and driving increased need for more productivity and efficiency by our customers. Furthermore, the market access challenges of the last years have moderated, boosting customer sentiment and spurring increased confidence in equipment investment. These improved fundamentals, combined with an aged fleet and low inventory levels give us confidence that the investment cycle will continue beyond 2021. This dynamic is evidenced by order books for large tractors extending well into fiscal year 2022. While these operational and industry tailwinds are currently supporting our business, many challenges and risks remain, particularly with respect to our supply base, global logistics and COVID-related interruptions. As Cory highlighted, these risks have caused spot disruptions in production, and we anticipate those to continue throughout the remainder of the year. However, the incredible effort of our production and supply management teams have allowed us to avoid lengthy stoppages to date. One risk I'd like to again highlight relates to the supply of semiconductors, which is experiencing a global shortage. To date, our suppliers have worked closely with us to provide enough supply to allow us to provide our essential equipment without significant disruption. Our forecast contemplates a continuation of this trend. This is important in order to help ensure we keep our customers fully operational and meeting the growing need for grain, oilseed and critical infrastructure. In addition, prices for key raw materials such as steel have significantly increased over the last quarter. Freight and logistics costs have also experienced upward pressure, and our utilization on premium freight has increased. As a result, our current forecast contemplates $1 billion in costs related to higher material in freight, with approximately 3/4 of that occurring in the second half of the year. Despite these challenges, we encourage -- we are encouraged by the strength in our end markets as well as the execution our team has delivered so far this year. Furthermore, we see many opportunities to accelerate our investments in technology and sustainability. Although early, we are convinced that our new strategy is the right one and will drive differentiated outcomes for our customers and for all stakeholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress over the next few quarters.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Ryan. We're now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedures. [Operator Instructions]. Jill?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer.
Kristen Owen: I wanted to ask a little bit about the small ag cycle and hoping you could provide some additional commentary there in light of several quarters now of very strong industry growth continue bringing inventories. And then maybe if you have a sense of how many new Deere buyers you're seeing in this space versus sort of a replacement or fleet expansion.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Kristen. The small ag market has gone through a fair bit of growth over the last few years. We've seen more buyers on small acreages, small hobby farms, I think that's been one of the secular growth components of that. the stay-at-home impact over the last year has grown that as well when you think about not just small tractors but also riding lawn equipment and those sorts of things. So that has -- those have been drivers. It's really difficult to determine how many are new versus replacement. But we would say there is much less trading and trade-ins that occur in that small ag and small tractor business, in particular, Cory?
Cory Reed: Yes. Kristen, this is Cory. I would say it varies by the product lineup in small ag and turf. As you move into the more traditional hay and forage mid-tractor, we have a lot of traditional customers in that space, but we're seeing conversions in that space, which is good. Those are new customers to us. When you move down the line into turf equipment, small tractors, compact utilities, very many of those are new customers to us. So it's a strong business. That industry continues to increase. The COVID pandemic has had an impact on that, but we're seeing more people move to the countryside to acreages and buy turf equipment. So it's been a great market, and we think that's continuing.
Operator: Our next question is from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Nice quarter. Just color and decision on -- to open the order book up early for 2022. If you could give any more color on what you're seeing relative to what you said on the call. And then also how you're approaching pricing for 2022, given the strong pricing this year and just given concerns next year about supply chain and material costs?
Josh Jepsen: The order book, as was mentioned earlier on the call, we were ordered out through '21. So as it came to large tractors, which is a rolling order book, not run on an EOP, the decision was to start to gauge visibility and take orders there. And as mentioned, we've seen quite a bit of that activity come in. So it does reflect the strong underlying fundamentals that we're seeing, the demand, the low used inventory and strong used prices are reflected in that -- in the orders that we're seeing come through. As it relates to price, we haven't talked yet significantly about '22 pricing, but contemplating strong price as we think about the inputs that we've seen come through this year. Cory, anything you'd add there?
Cory Reed: Yes. I would say, Josh hit the high points. Our large tractor order book indicates a very strong demand cycle all the way in and through '22. I would suggest -- we take a very different approach to opening those books depending on what region we are in the world. If we face a part of the world that's more volatile relative to both cost and currency, we'll open those books later. We know there's demand in markets like South America, but we're very cautious about how we map our pricing to the headwinds that we face, particularly as it relates to currency. So we're very confident in -- as those order books open up, what we'll see in demand going through '22.
Operator: Our next question is from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you could talk about based on the initial orders for fiscal '22 and indications of interest from customers, how do you expect precision ag take rates to expand over the next year for your primary products? And can you comment on ExactRate and order path specifically?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jerry. We are seeing continued adoption on the precision ag front as you think about things like tractors, for example, with command center and premium activation. That's grown pretty significantly this year, which is a positive trend. And we would expect as we move forward and we're bringing out new products that, that trend would continue. Things like ExactRate, which will be coming through the early order program, See & Spray Select coming out as well. The Hagie sprayer with ExactApply outfitted on it as well. So I think the continuation there of the trend we've seen of adoption and growth is something we do expect. Cory, anything you'd add?
Cory Reed: Yes. I would say, Jerry, one of the exciting things is we're seeing all 3 cylinders of the strategy hitting. So we've got our own line of product that's coming out. So you mentioned ExactRate on the planters, but we also have continued improvements in our large tractor line. We have new sprayers hitting the market in limited production that will go into our EOP for next year. So -- and new combines, our X9 series combines. So it's both the underlying products that are new, the tech stack is being embedded in some cases into them, but also new options available. And then we're seeing further penetration in the aftermarket side across the installed base. So all 3 of the cylinders of the strategy are hitting right now.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: My question, I guess, is for Cory. You seem to have the cycle pretty well in hand as it starts off. Can you give us any update on Blue River on product launches there and in the future, just sort of the time line and how the -- that part of the technology stack, I guess, is progressing?
Cory Reed: Yes, Rob, thanks for the question. It's exciting time because our first commercial product of that is hitting the market this year. So we talked about See & Spray Select, which is the first version, that's a green on brown solution in See & Spray, but it's really the very first of a series of technologies will launch from Blue River that help enable us to move from field down to plant level in terms of how we manage the crop. So See & Spray Select is going into the market right now. Next year, we'll be in the market with See & Spray Ultimate and being able to deliver what we've been talking about with Blue River, but that's the first of several iterations across not only our current sprayer lines, but also being able to take that technology back across the installed base and then take that technology to other areas in our portfolio to be able to move from how we do a lot of the work today at the field level or even down to the zone level and manage at the individual plant level. But at the end of the day, it's about driving greater profitability through higher yield and being able to manage costs for our customers no matter where they are in the cycle.
Josh Jepsen: Rob, the other thing I'd mention there is -- Cory alluded to this, but the idea of leveraging sense and act in each of the jobs that we execute on in the production system. So See & Spray is really the first of that of sensing, determining weed and spraying it, but we see that continuation and the ability to do that across all the jobs in the production system. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.
Ross Gilardi: I just wanted to check in on your thoughts on just where we are in the cycle. And are you thinking of mid-cycle differently? I think a comment was made about being -- still being 40% below prior cycles. And I think your definition of mid-cycle being a trailing 7-year average doesn't include most of the super cycle years when the North American market was selling upwards of 13,000 combines a year. So what are the prospects for getting back to those numbers? And if we did, are we potentially at a much lower percentage of mid-cycle now or a smaller premium mid-cycle now than your kind of 7-year trailing analysis would suggest?
Josh Jepsen: Sure. When we think about percent of mid-cycle for the business, for PPA and really for SAT or small ag and turf, we're in between 110% and 115% of mid-cycle. And you're correct in that the underlying math there would exclude the previous peak. So we're past those peak years of '12 and '13. When we think about where we are today, though, given the demand we're seeing, the underlying fundamentals, the age of the fleet, constraints in the supply base, seeing demand push out, we do believe there are continued legs to the demand picture and to the cycle that we're in. And maybe a little bit of comparing and contrasting back to 2013 because we get this question a lot, how -- what is different now versus then, certainly, ag fundamentals are very strong. Stocks to use are healthy. They're actually lower than they were back in 2013, if you look at ex-China stocks. Cash receipts, our forecast this year to be higher by about $10 billion compared to 2013. Land values are higher than they were even a year ago but compared back to that time as well. Used inventory, as Cory mentioned, lower than where we were back to 2012. Prices have been seen upward pressure. The large ag fleet is the oldest that it's been in 2 decades compared back to that 2013 time frame when it was at the youngest that it had been. And then as noted, our volumes, unit volumes of large ag in North America are significantly lower than we were back in 2013. And maybe importantly, we don't expect or count on those -- meeting those levels of volume to deliver higher margin performance. This year is a good example on much lower volume, our net sales are, call it, $0.5 billion to $1 billion lower than 2013. But our margin performance is about 3 points higher. So I think we feel really good about the ability to deliver innovation, deliver technology to the customer and create value, and that's translating to higher average selling prices, better margins per machine much less reliant on unit volume than maybe we would have been in the past. Anything you'd add, Cory?
Cory Reed: No, I think Josh hit all the factors. I think the one thing I would add, Ross, is in addition, we're bringing all new levels of technology in the new machines we're bringing out. So those customers, if you take the average age of combines or tractors, the 9.5 or 6.5 years and you think about the technology difference in that last decade that's gone on with the products, that's pulling a lot of product into the industry. These are higher capacity machines, but there are people demanding the highest productivity, best technology on the machines that are coming through. And if you look at where used inventory levels are, even our last generation machines, there's not a lot available in the market for people to upgrade. So that points to a cycle that extends. It also points to a lot of used machines out there that are 8, 9, 10 years old that are ripe for what we can do in the performance upgrade space. So as that population is coming forward, it represents an all-new opportunity for us to take this latest technology back across those machines. So we're really excited about doing both. In fact, as our dealers are thinking about their early orders for this year, they're trying to get their orders even earlier so they can retrofit a number of those machines to get them ready with the next-generation technology for customers.
Operator: Our next question is from Joel Tiss with BMO.
Joel Tiss: I just wonder if you guys can talk a little bit about lowering the cyclicality of the company beyond precision ag, some of the internal things you're doing? And just how you're thinking about it and maybe some examples of what you're implementing?
Josh Jepsen: Joel, thanks. As we think about the cycle and how do we dampen the cyclicality. One of the drivers, certainly the precision ag side, which you mentioned and the ability to be less reliant on units and units driving where we go and how we perform. I think that is one piece. The -- as we go forward and you start to include sense and act capabilities, that's one of the areas that we see the opportunity to begin to deliver more of a recurring revenue model, which takes some additional cyclicality out of the business as we can create value across each acre that is covered. And then the aftermarket side, and Cory alluded to this, when we talk about performance upgrades or retrofit, if the ability to go deeper into the population, the installed base and upgrade those machines, bring them closer to the most current technology. And what that also does is it brings them more into the precision ag ecosystem, thinking about the operations center, the flow of data and how that creates a sticky environment and value creation for the customer.
Ryan Campbell: Joel, it's Ryan. Maybe just to add on that. We're thinking about this with respect to building blocks and the building blocks of our equipment position around the world, our dealer channel, our tech stack, the engaged acres and connected machines. And so those building blocks are in place for us to now utilize the tech stack and all of our resources to stack features and offers on top that create value for our customers, and those features and offers that we'll be delivering -- we're delivering today and we'll be accelerating the delivery of those in the future should have less cyclicality associated to them.
Cory Reed: Joel, this is Cory. The only thing I would add, I think our customers and dealers are even asking for us to think on about how do we give them the opportunity to bring the latest technology to them every year. And that doesn't always mean buying a new machine 1 year and waiting 3 years and buying everything new. It means being able to manage with them how those next steps they can take in each of their operations to improve, whether it's new bushels coming in the combine or whether it's lower cost, to give them the opportunity every year to invest in that next increment that helps them on the farm. So we're thinking about what are the new models that we can use to be able to do that, and that will have a leveling effect to be able to take some of those large cycles out.
Josh Jepsen: Joe, maybe one other thing I'd mention, too, on cyclicality is as we think about regional performance, and we've seen improved performance across the globe, whether it's small ag and turf or production and precision ag, that also aids in being less reliant on any one given market and the cyclicality of those markets and end customer segments. So thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: I just want a point of clarification before I ask my question, that is you kind of glossed over the Blue River Technology. You said that you've launched the green on brown. And as I can tell, that is -- that equipment currently only differentiates between a plant and dirt and as such has not been launched in any corner of soybean planting applications at this point. So that was just -- if you would just clarify that. And then my question is around pricing. While pricing is strong, could you also talk about the increase in costs, given that you're embedding most of the precision ag features in the new equipment? I mean your costs have obviously accordingly gone up. So if you could just talk about maybe net pricing, not including like discounting that, but how much of the price increases are actually to cover the increased cost inputs?
Cory Reed: Ann, maybe -- this is Cory. Maybe I'll take the first one. You're correct. That first iteration of See & Spray is See & Spray Select. It is a green on brown solution. It's what we would call a solution for burn-down. So when you're going into the field, it only sprays weeds, won't spray on the bare ground, and it's a tremendous advantage in the burn-down time. So the season we just came through relative to burning down before crop, it's a great advantage and in many cases, a small grain advantage, too. So that's the first iteration. We're also out with our pilot machines and test machines on the See & Spray Ultimate, which is the full AI, computer vision-enabled set of solutions that are in the pipeline and scheduled in limited production for next year. I'll let Josh take the second half of your question.
Josh Jepsen: Cory, that is the test on the green on green solutions, in corn and soybeans.
Cory Reed: It is. In fact, it's in all crops. Yes.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. From a pricing point of view, I think it's important to kind of delineate how we view price in this -- over time has gotten maybe a little bit confusing. But I want to be clear, the price numbers that we talk about in terms of net price realization is pure like-for-like model, year-over-year price that we've taken. So if we're thinking about the production and precision ag point of view, 9 points of price, that is like-for-like model last year to this year, what have we seen from pricing. So we have seen strong price. Cory mentioned this in his comments, they're really driven by the overseas price adjustments that we've taken as it related to FX movements and a shift to be a little more dynamic in terms of how we've responded to some of those FX movements. So that's really the price realization. Maybe separately, we think about average selling prices over time. And over time, if we look at, call it, the last 7 or 8 years for large ag equipment North America, average selling prices have been up between 5% to 7% on a kind of an annual basis. And that would include traditional price increases, which have been in the range of 3 points. And then on top of that would be the feature piece. So if you call that 7%, 3% roughly inflationary price. But then on top of that would be features such as precision ag, things like ExactApply or others that would drive additional price. And -- but I tell you, from a cost perspective is those features tend to be very margin attractive. A lot of that is software activated. So there's a lot of upfront cost to develop the first unit, but from a margin point of view, is attractive. Thanks, Ann.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: I think you guys were previously looking to build some inventory in small ag, but now it sounds like you're maybe planning to produce in line. If that's right, what drove the change? And then why not try to build inventory more broadly across both small ag and large ag, given the strength of the demand to the extent that the supply chain will allow it? Do you need inventory to be tighter to kind of get the pricing you need to offset your cost increases?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Steve. For small ag and turf, we did expect -- we had planned to build a bit above retail a quarter ago and really supply tightness, and continued strength in demand has pulled that back to be essentially in line -- building in line. So more of a constraint from a supply base than it is a shift in our view of what we'd like to have out there. We're going to end the year on small tractors at near historic low again from an inventory to sales perspective in the 20s, 20% range. So still quite a bit lower. So that's the dynamic there. And I'd say broadly, kind of across all categories, the biggest constraint to building inventory is just that, is supply challenges and the ability to get those out paired with really strong demand across the board.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mig Dobre with Robert Baird Co.
Mircea Dobre: Cory, you talked quite a bit about challenges as far as the supply chain and also obviously, that the entire industry basically has -- is running into some capacity issues. But I guess I'm curious, from your perspective, maybe looking at your business, how much of this is sort of transitory versus structural, right? I mean are we talking about just lower capacity, given everything that's happened over the past decade? And I'm sort of curious, when I'm looking at your CapEx guidance, only a very modest increase you guys are still expecting your CapEx to still be below fiscal '19. Should investors expect a more meaningful drag in fiscal '22 and '23 from CapEx on free cash flow as you're looking to adjust capacity? Or are CapEx levels sort of sustainable where they are?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I'll start, Mig, on the CapEx side. I wouldn't expect to see significant shifts or changes there. We're -- we've -- over the last decade or so kind of cycled in and around this -- where we're at $900 million or so, we've been up or down some, but not foreseeing significant change there.
Cory Reed: Yes. And I would say that capital planning that we've had for multiple years allows us to invest in things like capacity where we need it, Mig. So where those lines are limited today, we're investing and our suppliers are investing and they're all ramping up at this point. So we're investing in what we think is going to be a prolonged cycle here.
Josh Jepsen: I think one of the biggest challenges on the supply side is labor, and it's at our suppliers, but it's also in the logistics channel, whether it's warehousing or truck drivers or port labor. All of those things are a challenge. And then certainly, there's work going on there to improve that, but it's -- that's been one of the bigger constraints when we think about the ability to get supply and produce.
Operator: Our next question is from Brett Linzey with Vertical Research Partners.
Brett Linzey: Maybe you answered part of this, but not surprised there's very little room to flex up production this year given the supply constraints. But as we shift to 2022 and supply availability improves, assuming it does, strategically, how are you thinking about potentially flexing up your own internal capacity to run a little bit harder, given demand does look like it should sustain and be pretty strong next year?
Josh Jepsen: So we have added shifts in -- through the course of this year in a number of our facilities in Waterloo, in Montenegro, where we build tractors in Brazil. So that activity has happened or continues to happen. The early order programs, and that's part of opening up order books maybe a little bit earlier on tractors. It gives us a little more visibility to plan accordingly, not only for our operations, but to be able to provide those requirements back through the supply chain. So that's -- I'd say that's a significant piece. We've been doing a lot of work with the supply base in terms of where are there constraints, where do they have challenges and trying to get ahead of those ahead of 2022. So there's a lot of work going on in that regard.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Most of my questions have been answered. But maybe on cash flow. Obviously, if you're sort of getting set for a number of pretty positive years here, if you can do kind of $5 billion a year in cash flow, you're only paying out maybe 20% of that in dividends, gives you a lot of excess capital, I think, to think about. How should we think about dividend repurchases? Is there anything on the M&A front that we should be watching?
Ryan Campbell: Yes. This is Ryan. Thanks for the question. I think, as you indicated, very, very strong cash flows. And when you look at our cash priorities, A rating, investing in the business, dividend at 25% to 35% and then repurchase taken with the dividend, we just raised by 18%, but with the structural improvement in our profitability, we're probably more towards the lower end of that range. So that's something that we'll continue to look at. We're going to have enough cash to execute against all the priorities. So you'll see us continue with buyback. One thing I would highlight is you'll probably see us a little more active in M&A. And as you think about M&A, we're thinking thematically in M&A, things like autonomy, things like sense and act, sustainability, performance upgrades, digital solutions, those are the things that with the new strategy, are really going to drive the future. While we also look at are there any portfolio gaps that we have around the world that will also allow us to drive additional value for our customers through the system we've established. So that's how we're thinking about it. But thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question is from Chad Dillard with Bernstein.
Chad Dillard: So just a question for you on retrofit. Just wanted to go back and understand, just for like an internal perspective, what else needs to be done internally at Deere as well as the dealers to fully stand up this business? And then we talked about having a lot of 8- to 10-year-old tractors right now. What portion will be right for retrofit? And then secondly, just a question on your '22 order book. Can you talk about what, if any, changes in terms of dealer incentives, you're making to drive more precision penetration?
Josh Jepsen: Performance upgrades, the opportunity we see there is immense. When you think about the installed base and the planters, sprayers, we can go back to about model year 2012. So if you think about a lot of machines that were going out at that time, that upgradable. So that's a large part of the installed base at this point if you consider just how many machines are out there. So I think that lays out just the opportunity set. And I think for us, there's a lot of work going on. The team is really focused on how do we make it easy, easy to order, easy to actually install and those things are really, really critical. Cory mentioned dealers thinking about their EOP trades, the machines are going to be bringing back in from trade and how can they make -- accelerate that and get those in sooner so they can upgrade those and get those machines into customers' hands. So there's a few things there that we're doing. Lots of potential, and we're working -- beginning off a relatively small base. Anything you'd add, Cory?
Cory Reed: Yes. I'd add to Josh that he mentioned the primary platform, so our starting point in performance upgrades had started in the planter side because of all the great work at ExactEmerge. If we looked at the penetration relative to what our customers told us in terms of the value, we've taken and tried to cover as many of our previous models with ExactEmerge upgrade kits as we can. And we continue to take new technologies that come in both planting and spraying and take them back. So in the sprayer world, today, the existing technology ExactApply is going back across, so individual nozzle control and being able to take it back across as many sprayers as we can. In the future, it will be the See & Spray technology. Maybe the difference is we're now designing and working towards designing at the same time we're planning for the new to design to be able to take it back across the installed base, and that will allow us to accelerate. We're working on making sure that our dealers have the bandwidth. Dealers are busy right now, too, and they're working to put their plans in place to be able to accelerate that effort. We see significant growth rates, not only in the parts side of the business, but performance upgrades gives us the opportunity to accelerate growth in the aftermarket.
Operator: Our next question is from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: So can we talk a little bit about the margin guidance for the rest of the year? I mean, obviously, that was a really strong driver of performance this quarter. You guys are kind of embedding a step-down, I think, across all businesses relative to 2Q. I know there's some seasonality in there. But I guess, is the bulk of that being driven by the material and freight costs that you highlighted that are coming through?
Josh Jepsen: That's correct, Nicole. That's the biggest piece. We talked about roughly $1 billion in the forecast. About 75% of that is in the back half of the year in quarters 3 and 4. So that's the biggest component. Maybe a few other things. As you can see with our -- with the forecast price, our price forecast moderates a little bit as we start to anniversary some of the actions that we were taking middle of last year. And then we do see a little bit higher overhead spend as it relates to inefficiencies, really driven by the supply chain constraints and some of the disruptions and starts and stops that happened that make us run a little bit less efficiently. So I think those are probably the biggest items. When we step back though and think about the back half of the year, I think excluding the onetime items from last year, we're running about a 35% incremental. And that's at the top end of our -- the range that we've historically talked about. And that's with that heavy material and freight drag on that. It would be significantly higher in the 10- to 15-point range higher, if not for that material in freight. So I think that's -- those are the drivers there that we see. And I think the performance, though, I think we feel really good about where we're at in light of that heavy costs coming through. So thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Larry De Maria with William Blair.
Larry De Maria: Just a little bit confused and maybe you can help. The -- I believe the previous forecast, you noted that there's a $500 million contingency in there above and beyond from materials and freight, kind of outside of the guidance. I'm wondering how much of that's being used and if we're going through that and then some in excess? And as you're locking in orders for next year, are you also locking in costs and hedging at this point? Or are we -- obviously, you're raising price. Are you a little bit of rolling dice assuming the steel costs et cetera come down in the next year? Just curious how you're thinking about that.
Josh Jepsen: The $500 million that we talked about last quarter was material and freight costs that we expected to see for the year. That $500 million is now $1 billion. So it effectively doubled between where we were a quarter ago and now. And that's in the forecast, that's in the segments, and we expect to see that, and you see that somewhat impacting gross margins and things in the back portion of the year. From a -- thinking about '22 order perspective, we've -- as we've noted, we've started taking some of those orders from a purchasing point of view. We haven't made significant shifts. I think now, given where commodity prices are, we're not -- we haven't locked anything in at this point. The steel prices are higher -- much higher than we saw coming into the year. So we'll continue working through that and working through the processes as we think about how do we lock in and what shifts or changes on procurement. Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Timothy Thein: So the question is on channel inventories in North America, specifically on large ag. Can you guys give us some context in terms of what the plan assumes? Obviously, just given the supply base, there's not really new room, I would assume for much or any kind of build there. But can you kind of help us from a unit perspective on how you measure it, where you would expect to end the year, again, just channel inventory at large? Because obviously, that has important implications for production plans, assuming a somewhat more capable supply base next year. So just kind of the interplay between year-ending inventories and then how that potentially dovetails into production for '22?
Josh Jepsen: We project that we'll end this year at a similar level that we ended last year coming in, so pretty low levels of inventory, so pretty lean. You'll recall, the row-crop tractors were in, I think, below or near below 20% inventory sales, particularly when you think about row crop were relatively tight. And then combine, seasonality-wise, tend to end the year quite low, because you've just come through harvest. So that's normally a mid-single digit. So I think we do believe that we'll exit that same -- in that same position, given we're kind of producing in line with retail from a large ag point of view.
Cory Reed: No, I'd just echo, it's tight inventory, and particularly in the large ag space, these orders are moving from our factories on to dealer lots into the field. And there's not a lot of slack in that system for dealers, and they're working hard to make sure they're taking care of customers when they do that. We've had a lot of efforts in the field to make sure we have continuity at the customer level. This is the biggest thing. If you think through what our field teams have done, there's been no disruption to our customers, and our dealers have played a big role in being able to make sure that even when we had a slight disruption, they took care of customers and we got them in, got their machines in and got them running. So very little inventory on both new and used in the market right now.
Operator: Our final question will come from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Great. Josh, can we just go back to your incremental margin comments earlier? Given the stronger performance in margins very early on in this cycle, how do you folks feel about your ability to deliver over 30% incremental margins over the balance of the recovery? At which point do we start to get concerned with margins, given the competition too much air cover?
Josh Jepsen: We've been really focused on being very disciplined, I think, on both the cost structure as well as thinking about how we're pricing and managing inventory. I think that continues. And I think that is a driver of what we've seen from a performance point of view. So I think that continues. And then as we continue to bring in and see higher levels of precision ag adoption, that has -- that drives additional opportunity for us to continue to deliver margin as well. I think those are probably a couple of the biggest drivers.
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Jerry, I think as we think about total pricing, whether inflation plus features and those types of things, average selling price, it's really the value that we're delivering through the system and through innovation is the strategy that we use. And we think over the long run, that's not only going to be very supportive of our margin profile but also from a share perspective.
Josh Jepsen: I think the other driver too there, Jerry, is -- I mentioned that earlier, is just the regional performance and the lift in regional performance that we're seeing helps pull everything as well. Europe is a great example. We've talked some about our strategy there, being very focused on large ag and precision ag. As we've done that, we're in a second year of seeing growth in market share in 150-plus horsepower tractors. That's not only driving share, but it's driving margin. We're doing that on value, not on price, from a discounting point of view. So we're taking price and we're growing share and differentiating ourselves. And we think that's a really important piece when we think about going around the globe and everyone having strong margin performance, that is different than where we would have been previous cycle. Thanks, Jerry. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate your time. Have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect, and have a great rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-02-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. Good morning. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, our Chief Financial Officer and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal '21. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note, that slides are available to complement the call this morning and can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission used by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks and all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future, that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additionally, information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings, under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I'll now turn the call over to Brent.
Brent Norwood: John Deere demonstrated strong execution in the first quarter, resulting in a 17% margin for the Equipment Operations. Ag fundamentals improved significantly throughout the first quarter and the improved sentiment is reflected in the most recent status of our order books and early order programs. Meanwhile, markets for our Construction & Forestry division also improved in the first quarter, leading to improved levels of profitability and a heightened outlook for the rest of the year. Slide 3 shows the results for the first quarter. Net sales and revenue were up 19% to $9.1 billion, while net sales for the Equipment Operations were up 23% to just over $8 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $1.224 billion, or $3.87 per diluted share. During the first quarter of 2021, the Company recorded impairments totaling $50 million pre-tax to certain long-lived assets. These impairments were more than offset by a favorable indirect tax ruling in Brazil of $58 million pre-tax. In comparison to last year, the quarter also benefited from minimal employee separation costs, which represented $127 million pre-tax in the first quarter of 2020. Before transitioning to review of our business divisions, I'd like to highlight a few changes to our segment reporting as shown on Slide 4. As you probably already noticed in our press release, the Company implemented a new segment reporting structure beginning in fiscal year 2021 to align with the most -- to align with the recent implementation of the new strategy and operating model, which was announced last summer. As a result, the Company's agriculture and turf operation was bifurcated into two new segments. The Production and Precision agriculture segment is responsible for developing and delivering global equipment and technology solutions for production scale growers of large grains, small grains, cotton and sugar. Main products include large and certain mid-sized tractors, combines, cotton pickers, sugarcane harvesters, seeding and application equipment. The Small Agriculture and Turf segment is responsible for developing and delivering market-driven products to support mid-sized and small growers, as well as turf customers. The operations are principally organized to support production systems for dairy and livestock, high-value crops and turf and utility operators. Primary products include certain mid-sized and small tractors, as well as hay and forage equipment, riding and commercial lawn equipment, golf course equipment and utility vehicles. There were no reporting changes for the Construction and Forestry and Financial Services segments. As a result, the Company will now report across these four segments. Now, let's turn to a review of our Production and Precision Ag business starting on Slide 5. Net sales of $3.069 billion were up 22% compared to the first quarter last year, primarily due to higher shipment volumes and price realization, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of currency translation. Price realization in the quarter was positive by nearly 8 points, while currency translation was negative by 1 point. Operating profit was $643 million, resulting in a 21% operating margin for the division, compared to an 8.7% margin for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase was driven by positive price realization, higher shipment volumes and sales mix and a $53 million favorable indirect tax ruling in Brazil. These items were partially offset by unfavorable effects of foreign currency exchange. Excluding the impact of one-time items such as the favorable tax ruling, first quarter margins were around 19.5%. Also, when comparing to last year, keep in mind, that the results in the prior period included employee separation costs of $42 million. With respect to price realization, the above-average results for the quarter were primarily driven by a few different factors. While North American list prices were up slightly above average, the primary drivers of price came from significant mid-year price adjustments made in 2020 for select foreign markets to offset unfavorable currency movements. Additionally, certain U.S. and Canada products also had mid-year adjustments in 2020, as a result of product launches, such as the new 8R in May of last year. Lastly, the current low inventory levels across the industry have led to lower overall incentive spending, thus boosting net price realization. We do anticipate net price realization to moderate closer to normal levels towards the second-half of the year. Shifting focus to Small Ag & Turf on Slide 6. Net sales were up 27%, totaling $2.515 billion in the first quarter. The increase was driven primarily by higher shipment volumes, price realization and the favorable effects of currency translation. Price realization in the quarter was positive by nearly 6 points, while currency translation was positive by 2 points. For the quarter, operating profit was $469 million, resulting in an 18.6% operating margin for the division, compared to a 7.9% margin for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase was due to higher shipment volumes, positive sales mix and price realization, while results for the prior period were affected by voluntary employee separation expenses of about $36 million. Slide 7 shows our industry outlooks for Ag & Turf markets globally. In the U.S. and Canada, we expect industry sales of Large Ag equipment to be up between 15% and 20% for the year, reflecting improved fundamentals in the Ag sector. Our outlook is guided in part by the results of our early order programs and tractor order book. Our crop care early order program, which ended in October, finished with unit orders up double digits compared to the prior year. In addition, we completed our combine early order program in January, with results also up double digits and outpacing the results of our crop care program. Furthermore, our large tractor order book now extends into the fourth quarter and has an increased production schedule relative to last year. Meanwhile, we expect industry sales of Small Ag and Turf equipment in the U.S. and Canada to be up about 5%. Deere's forecasted production will be higher than the industry, reflecting our plans to increase inventory levels in Small Ag, which ended the year at historic lows. Moving on to Europe. The industry outlook is forecast to be up about 5%, as higher commodity prices strengthened business conditions in the arable segment, offsetting some weakness in dairy and livestock. Importantly, our tractor order book in Mannheim now extends into the fourth quarter, providing good visibility through much of fiscal year 2021. Furthermore, we've seen continued progress executing our regional strategy focused on Large and Precision Ag. In South America, we expect an industry sales increase of about 10%. The confluence of higher commodity prices, strong production and a favorable currency environment have boosted profitability of farmers, driving equipment demand for the year. Despite limited government financing programs, private debt is more widely available this year, supporting continued strength in equipment demand. Industry sales in Asia are forecast to be down slightly, though key markets for Deere are performing slightly better. Moving on to our segment forecast on Slide 8. For Production and Precision Ag, net sales are forecast to be between $15.5 billion and $16.5 billion in fiscal year 2021. The forecast includes a currency tailwind of about 1 point and expectations of just under 6 points of positive price realization for the full-year. For the segment's operating margin, our full-year forecast is ranged between 19.5% and 20.5%, with solid performance across the various geographical regions. Slide 9 shows our forecast for the Small Ag and Turf segment. Net sales in fiscal year '21 are forecast to be between $10.5 billion and $11.5 billion. The guidance includes expectations for 2 points of positive price realization and a favorable currency impact of about 3 points. The segment's operating margin is forecast to range between 14.5% and 15.5%. Now, let's focus on Construction and Forestry, on Slide 10. For the quarter, net sales of $2.467 billion were up 21%, primarily due to higher shipment volumes, price realization and the favorable effects of currency translation. Additionally, Wirtgen ended its practice of reporting on a one-month lag, resulting in four months of Wirtgen activity in the quarter. The quarter's results were boosted by 3 points of positive price realization and a currency tailwind of about 1 point. Operating profit moved higher year-over-year to $268 million, due to higher shipment volumes and sales mix and price realization. The increase in profit was partially offset by higher production costs and impairments of long-lived assets related to an asphalt plant factory in Germany. Also keep in mind, that last year's results included voluntary employee separation costs of about $24 million. Let's turn to our 2021 Construction and Forestry industry outlook on Slide 11. North American construction equipment industry sales are now forecast to be up about 5%, while sales of compact construction equipment are expected to be up about 10%. End-markets for earthmoving and compact equipment have benefited primarily from the strength in the housing market, as well as a modest recovery from trough conditions in the oil and gas sector. Furthermore, current demand levels reflect the benefit from the industry's collective response managing inventory levels tightly during the early days of the pandemic. In Forestry, we now expect the industry to be up between 5% to 10%, as a recovery in lumber demand, particularly in North America, is leading to increased production throughout the year. Moving to the C&F segment outlook on Slide 12. Deere's Construction and Forestry 2021 net sales are now forecast to be between $10.5 billion and $11 billion. Our net sales guidance for the year includes expectations of 2 points of positive price realization and a currency tailwind of about 2 points. We expect the segment's operating margin to be ranged between 10.5% and 11.5% for the year, benefiting from price, volume and non-reoccurring expenses from 2020. Let's move now to our Financial Services operations on Slide 13. Worldwide, Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company In the first quarter was $204 million, benefiting from favorable financing spreads, lower losses on operating leases and a lower provision for credit losses. For fiscal year 2021, the net income forecast is now $730 million. The provision for credit loss forecast for 2021 is 23 basis points, when compared to the average portfolio managed. Slide 14, outlines our guidance for net income. Our effective tax rate, and operating cash flow. For fiscal year '21, our full-year outlook for net income is now forecast to be between $4.6 billion to $5 billion. The guidance incorporates an effective tax rate, projected to be between 24% to 26%. Lastly, cash flow from the Equipment operations is expected to be in a range of $4.6 billion to $5 billion and contemplates a $700 million voluntary contribution to our OPEB plan. I will now turn the call over to Ryan Campbell for closing comments. Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Before we respond to your questions, I'd like to offer a few thoughts on our fiscal year '21 outlook, as well as address some of the key themes covered in our latest Sustainability Report, published earlier this month. With respect to our outlook, we've seen underlying fundamentals continue to improve since the last quarter. Higher commodity prices and improved market access have boosted sentiment in Ag markets and are reflected in the results of our early order programs and order books. In addition, we've seen further strength and demand for compact utility tractors and turf equipment, as consumers continue to focus on home and landscape projects. Furthermore, those businesses are also benefiting from our channel partners' desire to boost inventory levels from historic lows. Meanwhile, our C&F business has benefited from a very strong housing market, a modest recovery in the oil and gas sector and the industry's proactive inventory management. While we are encouraged by some of the end market tailwinds, it is also important to point out some key risks. Dynamics in our supply base remain tight globally. While trends for COVID rates are improving, many areas are still impacted by high levels of absenteeism and are also facing growing constraints for some electronic components. To date, we've been largely successful keeping our production rates on schedule. However, we acknowledge, the situation is very fluid and will remain so for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, prices for key raw materials such as steel, have risen significantly over the last quarter, while freight and logistics costs have also experienced upward pressure. Our current forecast contemplates the impact of rising input costs and includes an additional $500 million related to material and freight. Despite these challenges, we are encouraged by the strength in our end markets, as well as the execution our employees have delivered so far this year. Our first quarter results demonstrated the highest net income and Equipment Operations margins in the history of the Company. While we are still in the early phases of executing our new operating model, we are encouraged by the progress made so far. Importantly, we are seeing the benefits of our new agile structure, allowing us to make decisions quickly and operate more efficiently. I'd like to close with some perspective on our recent efforts driving sustainability. Our vision, is that John Deere customers will lead their industry by becoming the world's most profitable and sustainable businesses. We believe we are uniquely positioned to deliver this for our customers. Our continued technology advancements allow our customers to make every seed, every drop and every hour count. This makes their operations more sustainable and have less impact on the environment, while also saving them time and money. Earlier this month, we released our 2020 sustainability report. In it, we highlighted how our precision technologies are already making our customers more sustainable and productive. Using technologies like Autotrac, Section Control, ExactApply, ExactEmerge, TrueSet and Combine Advisor, our corn and soybean customer's use less fuel, save time, apply less herbicides and fertilizers and emit less greenhouse gases throughout their production cycles. A John Deere customer farming 6,500 acres in the Midwest, can lower their greenhouse gas emissions on an annual basis by the equivalent of nearly 1 million passenger vehicle miles driven, just by incorporating these technologies into their operations. At the same time, these six technologies are improving the economics of our customers' businesses, less inputs translates into lower costs. In addition to reducing inputs, our approach also translates into higher yields. Taken together, this suite of technologies available today, can conservatively deliver savings of $40 per acre to our customers. These outcomes, scaled across our platform of global engaged acres, provides an opportunity unlike any other for us, to impact the sustainability and productivity of our customers' operation. On the Earthmoving and Roadbuilding side of the business, we are also making progress in delivering our customers, the tools to operate in a more sustainable manner. For example, our grade control technology delivers significant time and material savings through automating control of the edge of the bulldozer. This ultimately translates into cost savings for our customers, through reduced labor costs, reduced fuel usage and reduced asphalt costs. These same reductions translate into lower greenhouse gases emitted and less natural resources utilized on each job. Our Roadbuilding business is leading the industry in both efficiency and sustainability in repaving technology with its cold recycler. Cold recycling reuses the existing materials of a roadway, significantly minimizing the cost and environmental impact of repaving. While the traditional process of repaving involves milling up the old payment, hauling the old materials away and hauling new materials to the worksite, the Wirtgen cold recycler enables the old asphalt from the existing roadway to be mixed with additives on-site to be reused. This technology can increase the life of the roadway, while utilizing 90% less material and reducing greenhouse gas emissions by the equivalent of 12 million passenger miles driven per job. These are just a few examples of technologies that are already making an impact on sustainability. And what we're most excited about, is that despite the multi-decade -- decade investment we've already made, we are still just getting started on this journey. As we look to our future technology roadmap, we will enable our customers to do more with even less, as well as adapt to the dynamic future -- dynamic nature of weather patterns, consumer trends and the global regulatory environment. In addition to our industry-leading equipment and technology stack, we have one of the most collaborative data platforms in the industry and we're exploring ways that data can help our customers participate in new markets and programs that will reward our customers for incorporating sustainable practices into their operations. Our tools will allow customers to demonstrate the impact of their sustainable outcomes, enabling them to tap into new markets for revenue and financing. The key will be, giving growers the ability to seamlessly document the appropriate data and provide them with the digital tools to confidently evaluate agronomic and business trade-offs. As we look ahead, our biggest opportunity lies in delivering solutions that make our customers more productive and sustainable. But we also remain committed to running our own operations in a sustainable and socially responsible manner. In that regard, we continue making progress toward our 2022 sustainability goals. We have steadily reduced the greenhouse gas emissions from our own facilities and we have leveraged important partnerships to convert a significant portion of our electricity footprint to renewable sources. We are improving our water practices around the world, exploring new and innovative ways for recycling waste at our facilities and through our new strategic focus on our aftermarket business, we'll continue to grow and expand our portfolio of re-manufactured products. And we can only deliver on this opportunity, if we have a diverse and highly engaged workforce. Employee safety is and always has been of the highest importance to us. And throughout 2020, we took action to ensure that our employees were protected and had the proper tools to do their jobs effectively and safely. We also launched new strategic initiatives that are focused on leading and lagging indicators that are designed to enable continuous measurement of safety performance and drive continuous improvement. We know that diverse teams working together result in better ideas and better solutions. Therefore, we are committed to improving diversity at our Company. To do this, we are partnering with key universities and professional organizations, in order to recruit diverse talent and we are providing employees the opportunity to connect with others that have common experiences, through our employee resource groups. Moving forward, we will continue to attract, retain and develop employees with the diverse backgrounds and experiences, as it will be critical to delivering sustainable outcomes for all of our stakeholders.
Josh Jepsen: Now, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedures. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, well ask that you rejoin the queue. Sherlyn [ph]?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from Brett Linzey from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Brett Linzey: Hey, good morning, everybody. I was hoping you might be able to put a finer point on the better margin expectations for the production in Precision Ag business, in any way you can bucket that between what's related to be a larger mix of Large Ag versus Precision Ag pull-through and then cost and productivity, anyway to unbundle that?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Brett. I would say, I mean, when you think about the -- what we've seen from Production Precision Ag, when you think about mix, it's -- as titled, that's essentially Large Ag and you're seeing the continued integration of Precision Ag in that. So, I think that's one of the things that, as we separated these, and we think about how we're segmenting, is we're seeing a much probably cleaner view of pure -- what is Precision Ag and Production Ag. So, the integration of machinery and technology. I think as it relates to the performance, I mean, certainly, we saw volume pick up. Price, as Brent noted, was a significant driver in the quarter and that was on a number of different variables. But we saw the benefits of above average, just normal price increases, pretty significant adjustments we've made over the last year in overseas markets, as it's related to currency and some new products that came in middle of the year. So we -- you're seeing that impact. And then, as noted, the benefit of low inventory and strong demand driving lower incentive spending. So, as I think about, I think those would be the biggest drivers, particularly in the quarter, as it relates to things like R&D, where timing-wise, we're probably skewed a little bit to the later part of the year, that's just timing on programs and probably worth noting, when you think about that performance, ex the Brazil tax item, Production Precision Ag did about 19.5% and we'll continue to see, as a percent of sales, higher R&D in that segment compared to the rest of the business.
Brent Norwood: So, thanks, Brett. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning, and congrats on a nice quarter. Back on the Production and Precision Ag business, is there any way you can help us understand, I mean, obviously, the 6% price is a pretty meaningful price increase for this segment. I'm just trying to understand how you're approaching pricing with Precision Ag this cycle relative to different prior cycles? How much more of that's benefit -- should be benefiting the margins for this segment over time? And I guess just as a follow-up, your order books look pretty good across Large Ag. I'm just wondering how much more opportunity there is, to take up production, assuming markets continue to be favorable? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jamie. As it relates to the order book side, we've made adjustments clearly compared to a quarter ago. We've seen sales move up as a result of that. And we've done things. We've added production. We've added some shifts in some of our large facilities, places like Waterloo, for example, and in some of our facilities in South America as well. So, we have made those adjustments. The real challenge and Ryan mentioned this, is on the supply side, there are components and parts that continue to be tight from a supply point of view. So, we're managing those really tightly. Supply management group is working really hard with suppliers day-to-day, some components are week-to-week in terms of what we're seeing from an availability point of view. So, those are tight. So, to the extent, we continue to see demand. We'll try to work to react to that, to the upside, but acknowledge, it's a tight environment as it relates to some key components. Relative to price and I think what we're seeing on the price side, certainly, we see -- we're seeing strong price this year, about 6 points for the year for Production Precision Ag. I think what is happening there, when you think about not just price, but what's happening with price and mix, is we're continuing to see average selling prices of our Large Ag machinery growing and that's through the continued integration of technology and solutions into that business. So, that pattern and trend has continued. And as we continue to be able to deliver those outcomes and we talked a little bit about it from both a sustainability and economic point of view, that is driving real value to customers and we're seeing that, as it relates to adoption and continuing to see the trends across most of our Large Ag machinery in terms of adoption of the latest tools.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Jamie, it's Ryan. I think what you're seeing there and what we've talked about is, as we've built this Precision infrastructure with the equipment, guidance, telematics, the John Deere Operations Center, now we're stacking on applications that have more of a software content on them, that are focused specifically on the jobs our customers are doing. And as that continues to adopt and our customers continue to adopt that, you get a higher software mix in our margin profile. So, that's another factor. To Josh's point on average selling prices going up, that's true, but also those selling prices include a richer mix of software.
Brent Norwood: Thank you. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, good morning, everyone.
Ryan Campbell: Hi, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: In the -- on that mix comment, Ryan, that you just mentioned, I think in the past you folks have spoken about delivering a 3 point tailwind to essentially the average selling price from rising features and it looks like, based on the adoption rates for Precision Ag technologies that you folks have shared, it feels like that's accelerating closer to maybe 5% this year. I'm wondering if you could just comment on that specifically? And then, can you touch on -- as we think about cycle-over-cycle margin performance for Production and Precision Ag, how much of a tailwind are you folks thinking about in your long-term margin targets from the rising adoption rates of software and Precision Ag that you outlined?
Josh Jepsen: Jerry, I'll start there. As it relates to kind of the incremental benefit we see, I think that couple of points, 2 points 3 points of range is still very, very fair in terms of what we've been experiencing. The opportunities as we go forward to continue to see that or to see that move, I think, are there. As you think about increasing, seeing more sensing and acting in the field. So, you think about things like See & Spray that we've talked a lot about, but we see opportunities to go beyond that, beyond herbicides into things like fungicides, pesticides, other fertilizers and into other jobs, other machine forest planting, for example. And as we've talked about in the past, we were also -- as we continue down the automation journey, we're getting closer and closer to full autonomy. So, I say all those things to point out, as we do those things, those create more opportunity to drive revenue, as well as a more recurring base of revenue that we can add value job to job, pass to pass. As it relates to kind of where we're at cycle wise and what does this mean for Production Precision Ag margins, today, what we say is, we're just above, call it 105% of mid-cycle for Production and Precision Ag and middle of the range margin is around 20%. So, context-wise, we compare that back to 2013, that's when we were at, from a Large Ag perspective, well above peak, with roughly 16% margins at that time. So, we're doing higher margins on lower sales, and I think feel really good about the opportunity and the things I mentioned earlier, in terms of what drives opportunities for us. Those continue to be strong tailwinds with lots of runway.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Jerry. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Ann Duignan from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Yes, hi, good morning. Maybe still on the Large Ag sector. How do you plan on managing the cycle this time versus the last cycle? I mean last cycle we saw farmers start to roll equipment annually, we saw multiple unit discount programs and eventually, dealers ended up with excess used equipment. So, new sales increases are great, but how are you going to manage the cycle differently this time around, or is there anything you can do so we don't end up in the same as we did at the bottom of the last cycle?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Ann. I think when we think about the cycle, we're certainly coming into this, where we've seen demand inflect here over the, call it the last three, four months, coming into a position of very low new inventories, very low used inventories. So, that dynamic has certainly helped in terms of the starting point and the tightness were seeing in overall inventory levels. I think the lessons learned from the past cycle certainly play into that, how do we make sure we're not pulling additional customers in, pulling ahead demand potentially that would have occurred later on. And I think, as we look at 2021 right now, with demand that we're seeing, our order books, large tractors, for example, are into the fourth quarter and with the early order programs, they account for nearly the entire full year production. So, I think we've got really good visibility, but I think that it's a good indicator of the replacement demand that we've been expecting. And if that, we would see over the last couple of years, coming to fruition here. But, I think we are definitely working very closely with the dealers in terms of how do we manage the cycle, but acknowledge, right now we're early days in terms of seeing some of this demand pick-up.
Ryan Campbell: Annual, it's Ryan. Maybe I'll add to that. I think it's the total industry, including ourselves, having the discipline to make sure that those new customers we're providing new product for them, but also those customers that historically have purchased used and used makes more sense of them, to really be disciplined to continue to provide them with high-quality used equipment, so, we maintain that trade cycle and trade later throughout this upturn that we have.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I think one other piece that will -- helps us there and we're very early, is in performance upgrades and the ability to upgrade existing machine fleets, which provide the ability to take, take a used machine, it could be a generation or two old and outfit that with updated equipment, which in some cases may alleviate some of the pressure on new, because you can get a significant amount of productivity at a little bit less of a total investment cost for the customer.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Ann. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies & Company. Your line is open.
Steven Volkmann: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I appreciate the breakout of the Small and the Production Ag equipment. I'm curious to what your view is going forward relative to any difference in incremental margins we should be thinking about in those two segments, that I assume the Large stuff is bigger. But, just anything you want to kind of give us on that would be great.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Steve. As it relates to incremental margins, historically, we've talked about in the past, Ag and Turf being 30% to 35% kind of depending on how our mix sell. I think what we say now is, the Production Precision Ag side pushes at the high end of that range and in Small Ag & Turf, probably towards the lower end of that range. I think generally that's probably a good rule. I think this year, particularly Small Ag & Turf, we were seeing a pretty strong benefit of what was -- as you look at small tractors, in particular, really significant under production last year of retail and we intend to build a little bit of inventory this year. So, you're seeing a little bit of swing there, so that swing from under producing to overproducing definitely benefits the margin profile as well.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Steve. We'll go ahead and jump to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Tim Thein from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Tim Thein: Thank you. Good morning, Josh and Ryan. The question is on the dividend and how you're thinking about your view of mid-cycle earnings for the Company. Obviously, we're moving into a much higher margin level as you clearly laid out and just tying back to your point earlier about Large Ag being, call it right around your view of -- of normalized levels. So, just kind of tying that all together, I did the kind of $3-ish annualized dividend run rate, how you're thinking about that, relative to your kind of 25% to 35% payout target? Thank you.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Tim. It's Ryan and as we've said, the -- and you pointed out, we keep our dividend on a 25% to 35% mid-cycle earnings ratio and with the structural improvements that we have, we're probably below that range with the current dividend. And so, it's something that we're certainly thinking about and with overall liquidity situation of the Company, that's something we're going to take a look at, for sure this year.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Tim. Go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: All right, thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks. Good morning, guys. You explained that you think you are at 105% of mid-cycle for Large Ag, can you remind us where you expect to be relative to cycle for your other segments through the end of this year, based on your guidance? And when should we expect you guys to recast your mid-cycle margin targets, just along with that, how does the 20% mid-cycle that you're seeing for Large Ag in fiscal '21 compared to your initial estimate when you put out the 15% target to begin with?
Josh Jepsen: Ross, when we think about present to mid-cycle, so, actually the Production Precision Ag and Small Ag & Turf are pretty much in the same range, kind of right between, call it 105% and 110% of mid-cycle. The C&F business is right around mid-cycle as well, like pretty nearly dead on. There is a little bit of mix impact in there, where compact construction equipment is much higher and we're obviously coming kind of, off of the bottom after 2020, from a construction equipment perspective. So, there is some variation amongst the segments there in C&F, but overall about mid-cycle. I think when you think about kind of our mid-cycle margins, certainly, we've talked a lot about the 15% continuing to focus on executing and I'd say in '21, a very strong first quarter and I'd say there's lots of focus on delivering the guide that we have this year, in the performance that we feel confident in, but I think post that, I think is when we'll start to think about what's next for the Company.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, Josh this is Don Ads [ph]. Can you address at all, how the 20% at mid-cycle for the Large Ag compares to your initial estimate?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I think what we're seeing from that business and what we've seen in the first quarter, kind of ex-items, about 19.5%, I think feels like strong performance for us. I think we're seeing some benefits of things like strong pricing and obviously the volume rebounding and operational leverage coming through, is solid and I think aligned with where we would hope it would be, knowing that we feel like we've got opportunity as we go forward. That businesses sees the majority of the headwind on material and freight, that Ryan mentioned, that weighs on the full year there as well.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Ross, it's Ryan. I do think it's fair to say, we're probably a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be, but we're heads down and focused on delivering this from a sustainable perspective and then in 2022, we'll take a step back and reflect on what's appropriate going forward.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks, guys.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Ross. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: Thank you and good morning. So, I'll -- in the new segments, I think help clarify a lot on and align pretty well with what you're aimed at. And for me, this Small Ag was particularly impressive. I wonder, since we just talk less about it versus all the things we talk about on Large Ag, can you just talk about what the workflows are that have been driving the margin you saw in the quarter? And then maybe just reiterate what gets worse from here for rest of the year, given the outlook. Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Rob. When you think about Small Ag and Turf and you're right, I mean it tends to be a little bit less of story. What we've seen here is really, really solid performance and I think a starting point is, some of the actions we've taken from executing the new strategy, I think we're seeing the benefits in Small Ag and Turf. A number of the exits or closures that we did in fiscal '20 are benefiting there and those were mostly in the Small Ag and Turf part of the business. So, that focus is definitely helping. I think we're seeing really strong execution. Again, the benefit of moving from under-producing to slightly over-producing on small tractors, helps, where the pricing point of view is solid as well. I mean, when you think about small tractors and turf, those are going to be pushing much higher than call it that kind of between 105% and 110% of mid cycle. So, there is benefit there as well. Also, embedded in that is a large portion of Small Ag and Turf is in Europe, which is tended to be more stable market. So, we see a little bit less, less volatility there. And we've seen some strength in that market, which have been beneficial as well.
Ryan Campbell: Rob, I think taking them -- taking the two businesses apart, I think, Josh alluded to, we focused on the Small Ag and Turf side with some of our fix and exit strategies and then focusing on markets where our value proposition makes sense, given the industry and market dynamics. I think when you do those things and think about capitalizing, the business is a little bit different, focus in the R&D portfolio a little bit differently. The results show that you can have great a great business in the small side and both of them are equally important for us to drive our strategy going forward.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. And I'm sorry, Rob, I forgot about your potion of your question, kind of what, what are the headwinds in the remainder of the year and not dissimilar, I'd say, all of our businesses have material and freight headwinds, the $500 million of material and freight cost that Ryan mentioned, is all really kind of 2Q through 4Q. I think, so there is a portion of that, that is impacting Small Ag & Turf. Price, we don't expect to be as strong as we move through the year, 2% for the full year compared to a strong first quarter there. And then the other, maybe two things I mentioned, R&D there similarly is a little bit back-end weighted, so you see that be based on timing of programs, impact the rest of the year. And there are some inefficiencies related to overheads with accommodation of COVID and supply challenges that we've got in -- embedded in the forecast, as well.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Rob. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks, good morning guys. So, the supply chain challenges, wow, going through an upturn now, kind of remind me of what you experienced in 2017 and 2018 and it was a bit of a struggle back then, but it seems like you are better prepared to handle it this time. Is that a fair assessment or is it maybe just -- it's a stronger up-cycle now than it was back then and that enables you to kind of cover the $500 million of increases that you're seeing, just kind of gauging your confidence that you've kind of got in the supply chain challenges under control, to really capture the benefit of a strong upside here as the cycle plays out?
Josh Jepsen: Steve, when we look at the supply base, I mean I think that our team has learned a significant amount, as we went through what you described in that 2017-18 timeframe, as we went through tariffs with China and the early first round of COVID and we saw some of those impacts. So, I think the team has done a really good job and gotten much deeper in terms of understanding supplier-by-supplier, what are constraints, what are capacities and what are the challenges. So, that certainly helped. I think up to this point, we've been able to mitigate disruptions, but in some cases, I think there is -- we are week-to-week in terms of how things are operating and there are challenges. So, I think we're continuing to work closely there, trying to execute on the forecast and meet customer demand. And we've got ranges in the forecast for that reason, knowing there are certainly challenges that we're facing, we'll continue to face through the remainder of the year.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, it's Ryan. I mean, we're also seeing the benefit and we went through the activity to look at kind of each position in the Company and how those positions worked over the last year and I think we're seeing the benefit, from a more focused and agile organization that we put in place last year and finished effectively with that, towards the end of last year.
Steven Fisher: Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Steve. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Kristen Owens from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Kristen Owens: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to point back to Slide 15 here in the deck. The $40 an acre and economic value to the customer that you've outlined and that's pretty significant when you think about the impact to net farm income across your connected acres, where do you feel like your customers are at this stage in terms of understanding that potential value? And when you think about the backdrop of this improved commodity prices and land values, how do you see adoption cycles moving forward?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Kristen. It's a great point. I mean, I think as we look across those different technologies, there is a varying range of adoption individually, where at the highest end, you think about something like guidance, which would be very, very highly, adopted and then maybe on the lower end, something like ExactEmerge, which is in the low 40s% so, varying degrees in terms of how deeply engaged our farmers are, across all of those jobs. But we think that's increasingly where we see the opportunity to drive that value. And particularly, when you start to think about additional opportunities, Ryan mentioned this a little bit, you start to think about the combination of carbon markets or differentiating crops because of the practices that are utilized and then our position of, one, executing the jobs, but two, having the operation center that documents those and can provide that information very seamlessly, we think that creates a pretty significant opportunity for our customers. So, when you think about not only the technology that we have in place today, those that are coming and then, what feels like just a burgeoning opportunity for some additional revenue, I think well-positioned our customers and we feel like we're in a really good spot too to be able to unlock and enable that.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Kristen. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chad Dillard from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning guys. So, I was wondering if you could give us a sense for how far along Latin America and Europe are in adopting Precision Ag, as it may be relative to the US, like so if the US is 100%, where are those two regions lie or if it is your -- talk about if like, engage acre perspective, I think you guys talked about 230 million engage acres globally, like how does that break down from a regional perspective and, what's like the total addressable market in terms of engaged acres that you can get to?
Josh Jepsen: So, when you think about kind of regional performance, certainly for this along in North America, but kind of as we just alluded to and Chris alluded to in the previous question, there's still a long way to go in North America, when you think about actually stacking all of those different technologies on the farm and what that can deliver. So, that's just a bit of a caveat, so there is still a big opportunity in North America. And I think we're seeing it grow, the adoption grow, in places like South America, Brazil in particular, we've seen pretty significant growth in engaged acres last year. I think we were up something like 60% in Latin America, so continuing to grow there. And I think when you think by some of the challenges faced there, double crops, as well as the opportunity to get more efficient there, that will continue to grow and we're seeing our dealers embrace that as well. When you think about -- they've got now over 40 digital operation centers that are supporting their customer fleets. As we unlock the challenge of connectivity, that's a huge opportunity for us and we've done a couple of things over the last couple of years. most recently, an agreement with Qaro [ph] to provide access, better connectivity and bandwidth, we think that unlocks even more potential for the use of those tools. Europe has historically been a lot of guidance and I think we're starting to see some of that turn and shift towards more connectivity, engaged acres grew there last year, significantly like triple digits. And as you think about the potential impact of regulatory environments coming in Europe first, but probably other parts of the world, the appetite for precision agriculture and some of our tools when you think about spraying and others, will be particularly important as we go forward there. So, continuing to grow, feel really good about the position we're in and I think there is a tremendous amount of opportunity.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Chad. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi, good morning. Given the supply chain constraints and amid the strong farm equipment demand, I'm curious, are you already taking tractor orders beyond fiscal '21? And are you willing to open up your early order programs for other products earlier this year than normal? And the other question is, we don't have the baseline for the new segments within Ag and Turf, of the revenue increase that you put into A&T, I thought was impressive that on those incremental sales, the incremental margin is 44%. So, it's pretty impressive. But of that revenue increase, just so we have a sense of the mix what changed, how much of the increase was the Production and Precision Ag versus how much was Small Ag and Turf? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So first on the order side, I think we -- we haven't opened anything up into '22 -- fiscal '22 at this point. So, we're pushing out into the end of the fiscal year for large tractors, in particular. So we'll, and we haven't adjusted anything at this point, as far as timing of the early order programs, but you bring up a really good point in that, when we -- by the time we close our crop care early order programs, that was -- we were just beginning to see the inflection. So, if you think about kind of the low double-digit increases we saw in planters and sprayers, that was, mostly well ahead of kind of the inflection we saw here in the fall. So, I think, obviously a lot to play out, but that bodes well there, but we haven't adjusted timing at this point. As it relates to the sales increase from a former A&T in the Production and Precision Ag and Small Ag and Turf, really the percentage increases are pretty similar. So, if we look at those businesses year-over-year, they're both up call it roughly 20%. So pretty, pretty balanced between the two in terms of the increase we saw, compared to a quarter ago.
Brent Norwood: Thank you, David. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Larry De Maria from William Blair. Your line is open.
Larry De Maria: Hi, thanks and good morning everybody. If we could go just go back to Slide 15. Obviously, we are seeing is the green and green solution can deliver us $40 return and we know there's a lot of mixed fleets out there still. So, there's growth. But, can you give us what is the annual cost, what's the ROI and how does that $40 return stack up, when you're thinking and when you're competing with seed and fertilizer companies. In other words, green and green solution delivers $40, what's the ROI and how does that compare to seed and fertilizer companies?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I mean when you think from a payback or an ROI perspective, we think about these tools and solutions, we've traditionally been in the year to two-year payback period and I think across those, that would be fair. Some of those are going to be much shorter, that we've seen in months compared to years of payback. So, I think as you look at those technologies that we've got there, I think it would be very fair to say, well under two years would be a reasonable payback period for what we're seeing there. So, I think that's where we're at. And I think what was exciting about it is, there is opportunity as we start to think about kind of what's coming next, to grow that, from both the economic value, but also delivering increased sustainability outcomes as well.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Larry. We'll go ahead and jump to our next one.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning guys.
Josh Jepsen: Hi, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Can we just focus a little bit on South America, about the comments that you gave around North America order book as well as Europe and how far it extends was helpful, but there was just a bit less around what you're hearing from South America farmers and maybe how far the order book extends there?
Josh Jepsen: So, Latin America and South America, Brazil in particular, really strong, kind of a lot of things coming together there that are driving really strong farm profitability in terms of production, FX, how it's moved, those have all been very positive. So, we saw this inflect in our fourth quarter, we've got orders -- we are ordered out through May into June, so strong, strong activity there and we're coming out of a period with 2020, where we ended with kind of historically low inventory. So, we're pushing there to try to not only meet demand, but if we can, we will try to build a little bit of inventory because we finished quite low. So, I think overall, South American demand, Brazil in particular really strong, customer is feeling good, dealers are very much engaged and the -- I think from a -- as we step back and not just think about South America, but I think the performance that we've seen this year first quarter and as we look at our forecast, we're benefiting from this really strong profitability from a global perspective of our business as well. So, that's helpful.
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Nicole. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi, good morning, guys. If we can just talk a little bit about C&F, I guess it's going be just first a clarification and you have the extra amount of work in the quarter is, are we going to see any difference in fourth quarter of this year or is it to the full year and did that have any impact on the margins, the increase in the margin guidance? And then, I guess my actual question is just in the context that C&F is at mid-cycle, can you help kind of walk us through what's going to get you to the 15% margins in that segment, because I think you've historically talked about that 15% margin target being for both segments. And I think you've historically talked about the work and synergies being back half weighted, so just try to understand if that's flowing through sooner or if that's still going to be a 2022 story? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Courtney. I think when you think about the working the extra month, I mean it was -- didn't really impact margins as pretty much the extra month was kind of in line with where they are running for the quarter. So, no significant change there, didn't necessarily impact their overall guidance or the division's total guidance. I mean, I think when you think about our Roadbuilding business, I think we feel really good about what we're seeing there. Overall, we expect that to be up about 20% in this fiscal year. About half of that is the extra month, so say, underlying business up about 10% and when we look at the core Roadbuilding business, we feel like the margins that they are delivering are where we'd expect them to be. So, as we talked about feeling like that business is a mid-teens business, we're executing along those lines and feel really good about how that's progressing. I think when you step back, overall C&F, certainly, we think there is an opportunity as Wirtgen continues to perform, that, that will pull -- pull up margins, technology opportunity for us as well. In Construction & Forestry, we're very early on and think about how do we integrate that and we think that will drive performance there as well. We highlighted just an example on grade control and what that can do from a customer economic and sustainable impacts as well. So, those are the types of things we're looking at, obstacle detection, there is a few things that we feel like we can nearly copy paste into that division to drive better performance and continuing to be very focused on operations and executing very, very tightly in what is a volatile, somewhat cyclical business.
Brent Norwood: With that, I think we've got time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi guys, thanks for squeezing me in. And congrats on the strong quarter. I wanted to go back to the material costs discussion that we're having before, would you be willing to break down the $500 million by segment and then maybe, perhaps the cadence, I think Josh, you said that it was going to start to hit in the second quarter, is that equally weighted throughout the rest of the year or should we be thinking about this as more of a fourth-quarter impact and then do you think you need to implement any more price increases to offset what's happening with materials and freight costs? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Adam. I mean I think the -- let me tell you on the $500 million, we haven't gotten to bright line there. But, of the $500 million, the majority are -- well more than half of that is PPA, Production Precision Ag, where we see that on the low end, it's Small Ag & Turf would be -- have the smallest portion of that, but impacting those businesses. As it relates to price, historically, we've not taken price solely based on commodities, we try to do that and be disciplined in our approach to price and pricing for value and those sorts of things. So, at this point, we haven't contemplated that. I mean if we step back and look overall, the price we're getting is offsetting -- more than offsetting the material, but does certainly have a drag on incrementals as we go through the remainder of the year and timing wise, I'd say it's pretty balanced over the course of the remaining three quarters.
Brent Norwood: So with that, I think we'll wrap up. We appreciate everyone's time, and look forward to catching up with everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-11-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Deere & Company Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference.  I would now like to turn the call over to Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Robin. Hello. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, our CFO; Jahmy Hindman, our Chief Technology Officer; and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today well take a closer look at Deeres fourth quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2021. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks and all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted with the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events.  Ill now turn the call over to Brent Norwood.
Brent Norwood: John Deere demonstrated strong execution in the fourth quarter resulting in a 12% margin for the Equipment Operations and net income exceeding our full year forecast. Despite significant uncertainty early in the year for large Ag markets, fundamentals improved throughout the fourth quarter driving growth prospects for 2021. Meanwhile, markets for our Construction & Forestry division also improved in the fourth quarter leading to a solid finish to the year and modest levels of recovery projected for fiscal year 2021. Now, lets take a closer look at our year end results for 2020 beginning on slide 3. For the full year, net sales and revenue were down 9% to $35.54 billion while net sales for Equipment Operations were down 10% to $31.272 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $2.751 billion or $8.69 per diluted share. Net income for the year was negatively affected by impairment charges, losses on business disposals, and employee separation costs of $458 million after-tax. For the same period in 2019, the similar charges were $82 million. Slide 4 shows the results for the fourth quarter. Net sales and revenue were down 2% to $9.731 billion while net sales for the Equipment Operation were down 1% to $8.659 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company for the quarter was $757 million or $2.39 per diluted share. Fourth quarter net income was negatively affected by impairment charges and employee separation costs of $211 million after-tax compared to $74 million for the same period in 2019. Turning to a review of our individual businesses starting with Agriculture & Turf on slide 5, net sales were up 8% compared to the fourth quarter last year primarily due to price realization and higher shipment volumes partially offset by the unfavorable effects of currency translation. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 5 points, while currency translation was negative by 1 point. Operating profit was $860 million resulting in a 13.9% operating margin for the division. The year-over-year increase was driven by price realization and lower R&D expenses and reduced SG&A, improved shipment volumes and mix, and lower warranty expenses. The items were partially offset by impairments and employee separation expenses which totaled $164 million in the quarter. Please note that the $153 million shown on the waterfall is net of $11 million in separation costs from 2019. For the full year, the Ag & Turf division incurred $286 million in nonrecurring charges including employee separation expenses, impairments, and a loss on a sale.  Before reviewing our industry outlook, well first provide commentary on the regional dynamics impacting Ag markets and Deere operations around the globe, starting on slide 6. In the US, farmer sentiment showed improvement over the quarter as the combination of government support and improved commodity prices boosted farm income prospects for the year. Meanwhile, concerns over market access temporarily subsided with exports to China rebounding compared to last year. Stocks to use and carryout estimates for corn and soybeans are now forecast at multiyear lows due to diminished production on account of some regionally dry weather and the derecho storm in August as well as increased export activity. The improvement in fundamentals and farmer sentiment is reflected in the progress of our early order programs. At this time, weve concluded all three phases of our planter and sprayer programs, while our combine program recently finished Phase 2. Sales for planters are up 10% compared to last year, with sprayers and combines up even further. Meanwhile, our large Ag tractor order book has strengthened over the last quarter with orders up nicely compared to the previous year. Lastly, retail activity picked up in the fourth quarter leaving new and used inventory positions at multiyear lows.  Shifting to South America, record soybean production, higher commodity prices, and favorable exchange rates continue to drive positive producer margins in Brazil this year. As a result, activity accelerated in the fourth quarter and far exceeded our forecast, making a very strong finish to 2020. For fiscal year 2021, the order book is quite strong, reflecting the positive fundamentals with order coverage now extending well into the first half of the year. Similar to North America, the strong finish to the year in Brazil depleted equipment inventory levels below historic averages, keeping momentum for new equipment demand healthy as we begin the year. In Europe, healthy prices for small grains such as wheat have boosted sentiment for arable farmers and spurred demand in the back half of 2020. Overall, arable margins should see modest gains this year, though results vary throughout some regions experiencing lower production due to dry conditions. Meanwhile, dairy and livestock producers may experience some pressure in fiscal year 2021 from soft dairy margins and growing concerns with respect to African swine fever. Importantly, Deeres operations in Europe have benefited from a more focused strategy and demonstrated an uptick in large Ag market share as well as much improved profitability for the region. Looking ahead, the tractor order book is up relative to last year, providing solid visibility into 2021. Turning to Asia Pacific, key markets like India and Australia rebounded nicely from the early pandemic lockdowns and are expected to resume growth in fiscal year 2021. Meanwhile, operations in other markets are benefiting from some of the disciplined portfolio actions weve taken to date. With that context, lets turn to our 2021 Ag & Turf industry outlook on slide 7. In the US and Canada, we expect Ag industry sales to be up between 5% to 10% for the year. The increase year-over-year reflects improved fundamentals in the Ag sector as well as the historically low inventory levels at the start of the year.  Moving on to Europe, the industry outlook is forecast to be flat to up 5% with strength in arable offsetting some weakness in dairy and livestock. In South America, we expect an industry sales increase of about 5% with solid visibility into the first half of the year, especially in Brazil. Industry sales in Asia are forecast to be down slightly, though key markets for Deere are performing slightly better. Lastly, sales of turf and utility equipment are expected to be flat to up 5% following a solid year in 2020.  Moving on to our Ag & Turf forecast on slide 8, fiscal year 2021 sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are forecast to be up between 10% and 15%. The incremental increase relative to the industry guidance reflects plans to recover inventory levels in small Ag, which ended the year at historical lows for inventory to sales ratios. The forecast also includes expectations of 3 points of positive price realization as well as a currency tailwind of about 1 point. For the divisions operating margin, our full year forecast is ranged between 15.5% and 16.5%. Now lets focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 9. For the quarter, net sales of $2.461 billion were down 16% primarily due to lower shipment volumes partially offset by price realization. Operating profit moved lower year-over-year to $196 million due to lower sales volumes and mix, impairments, and employee separation expenses.  The decrease in profit was partially offset by price realization and lower R&D expenses and reduced SG&A, lower warranty expenses, and improved production costs. The total costs for impairments and employee separation charges were $76 million for the quarter, while the full year costs were $184 million.  Lets turn to our 2021 Construction& Forestry industry outlook on slide 10. Construction Equipment industry sales in the US and Canada are now forecast to be down about 5% with continued uncertainty expected in the oil & gas and non-residential sectors. Meanwhile, compact construction equipment industry sales are expected to increase about 5% as the housing market fundamentals continue to be positive through 2021.  Moving on to Global Forestry, we now expect the industry to be flat to up 5% as the recovery in lumber demand, particularly in North America, should lead to increased production throughout the year. Moving to the C&F division outlook on slide 11, Deeres Construction & Forestry 2021 net sales are forecast to be up between 5% and 10% compared to last year. Our net sales guidance for the year includes expectations of about 1 point of positive price realization and a currency tailwind of about 1 point. We expect the divisions operating margin to be ranged between 9% to 10% for the year benefiting from price, volume, and non-reoccurring expenses from 2020. Lets move now to our Financial Services operations on slide 12. Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the fourth quarter was $186 million benefiting from lower impairments and reduced losses on operating lease residual values and favorable financing spreads partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses and employee separation expenses. For fiscal year 2021, the net income forecast is $630 million which contemplates a tax rate between 24% to 26%. The provision for credit losses forecast for 2021 is 27 basis points.  Before moving on to the 2021 company outlook, Id like to welcome our Chief Technology Officer, Jahmy Hindman, to the call. Jahmy recently assumed the CTO position and played a pivotal role in shaping our smart industrial strategy and vision for Deeres technology stack. Jahmy?
Jahmy Hindman: Thanks, Brent. As noted, I recently assumed the newly-created Chief Technology Officer position and I spent the last few months finalizing our organizational design and refining our technology strategy to best enable the smart industrial operating model. Ive been with Deere for over 20 years in a variety of engineering roles in both the Ag & Turf and Construction & Forestry divisions, and most recently led engineering for the global tractor product family. Most simply put, the Chief Technology Office is responsible for delivering Deeres technology stack. Think of our tech stack as a full set of components required to deliver technology solutions to our customers. For nearly 25 years, Deere has invested in core technologies and capabilities that can be leveraged across the enterprise. These core competencies are primarily focused around machine guidance, digital connectivity, machine intelligence, and more recently, autonomy. Historically, Deere operated within multiple disparate business units that were spread out throughout the enterprise to pursue innovations in these core technologies. As part of our redesign, weve consolidated these units under the CTO organization. This drives a higher degree of focus and unlocks significant efficiencies for our R&D investments. Our approach to precision technology as shown on slide 13 is distinct within the industry, as weve maintained end-to-end development responsibility for our tech stack, developing unique solutions from the embedded hardware and software in our equipment, to the digital platforms our customers utilize. While weve pursued a vertically integrated path for our core capabilities, we have chosen to partner with others for noncore technologies, things like graphical processing units and cameras. Additionally, weve opened up our digital platform to include over 185 API partners.  Over time, our philosophy has remained consistent, as depicted on slide 14. We seek to develop or acquire core technologies that add value and are unique to the jobs that our customers do, while outsourcing noncore technologies when partners can bring scale or offer faster speed to market. In any case, we maintain the development responsibility for the final solution to ensure seamless integration into our equipment. This approach has served us well, and traces its genesis back to our acquisition of NavCom in 1999. At that time, we decided to own certain technology competencies starting with satellite guidance. The acquisition delivered a foundational element to our tech stack and it enabled us to lead the industry in innovation from the early days of AutoTrac to turn automation and now AutoPath, which is our latest solution for path planning. Furthermore, by owning this technology, weve been able to scale guidance innovation throughout our entire large Ag fleet. We followed similar blueprints with other core technologies from our acquisition of Phoenix International in 1999 to the organic development of the John Deere Operations Center beginning in 2012. Our acquisition of Blue River Technology in 2017 reflects our view that machine learning and computer vision are essential competencies required for the next generation of machine intelligence and automation. Similar to other core technologies, we see wide applicability of Blue Rivers competencies across our large Ag product portfolio and also intend to leverage the vision systems for obstacle detection in our Construction & Forestry division. Essentially this technology can be applied to optimize machine use and job outcomes anywhere a human operator controls or adjusts machine settings. Ultimately, we believe that a complete tech stack delivers the most value for our customers when its paired with the underlying equipment and a dealer network that can support it. This seamless integration is key to achieving the highest levels of productivity and sustainability and is a requirement for innovations like plant-level management and autonomy. Furthermore, our comprehensive system delivers the ability for equipment to become smarter throughout the course of a production system. While many industry players offer point solutions for a given technology or a specific production step, we offer customers a system advantage where the combined equipment and the information from the technology stack passes insights to each proceeding and subsequent step in the production system. For example, our sprayers leverage the guidance lines from planting for more efficiency and accuracy resulting in less crop damage, while our tillage operations are informed by the previous years harvest data.  Slide 15 highlights the comprehensive systems we are building. The first component of our Precision Ag system is the most important and cant be overlooked. Our Precision Ag strategy begins with the underlying equipment that executes the job in the field. While our industry is attracting new players from non-traditional disciplines such as software or robotics, these technologies must ultimately be paired with Ag equipment to accomplish the tasks in the field. As a result, Deeres primary advantage comes from a product offering that spans each step in the production system paired with the industry largest installed base and coupled with complementary technology applied to each product within that production system. The last component required to deliver Precision solutions is a dealer network that can fill, service, and support the latest technologies. Increasingly, the last mile is becoming one of the most critical enablers for precision adoption and our channel has been leading the industry in terms of modernizing their capabilities and their staff. In short, our Precision strategy is very much a system of Ag equipment combined with core technologies and a dealer support network working in concert together to make farming more productive and more sustainable. While we are immensely proud of the success weve achieved so far, we are even more enthusiastic about the runway of opportunity thats ahead of us. Throughout our Precision journey, weve experienced several inflection points where technology advancements unlock new possibilities and extend our runway beyond our prior ambitions. Innovations and connectivity, advanced onboard computing, and artificial intelligence have reset the realm of possibilities. Today, we see many years of runway for each of our existing core technologies individually. Furthermore, the opportunity set extends much further as we begin stacking these core capabilities to create new functionality in our future product roadmaps. Over the course of the year, we look forward to providing further details regarding the opportunity set in front of us and will also provide further color on some of the exciting product releases coming to market in the near-term. Before turning the call back over, Id like to offer a few comments on the acquisition of Harvest Profit, a software platform thats focused on farmer profitability. We are striving to make our customers the most profitable and sustainable in their industry. We cant accomplish that without being able to help customers measure profitability. Harvest Profit gives us a significant boost in ensuring we help customers make more profitable and sustainable decisions in the years to come. Additionally, with the Precision Ag opportunity set growing substantially over the next decade, we see significant value in our ability to ascribe value of our precision tools to our customers and this acquisition provides us a path to attribute that value, thus furthering the adoption of technology. At this time, Ill turn the call over to Ryan Campbell for yearend guidance and closing thoughts. Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Thanks, Jahmy. Slide 16 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate, and operating cash flow. For fiscal year 2021, our full year outlook for net income is forecast to be between $3.6 billion to $4 billion. Its important to note that constraints in the supply base and labor force availability due to COVID-19 remain key risks to our fiscal year 2021 guide. The guidance incorporates an effective tax rate projected to be 26% to 28%. Lastly, cash flow from the Equipment Operations is expected to be in the range of $3.8 billion to $4.2 billion and contemplates a $700 million voluntary contribution to our OPEB plan. Before we respond to your questions, Id like to offer some perspective on 2020, the prospects ahead of us, and a few thoughts on our portfolio and capital allocation strategy.  As we look back on 2020, its important to acknowledge the exceptional efforts taken by our employees, suppliers, and dealer channel this year. Employees across our company logged extra hours and adapted to an ever-changing environment to create safe working conditions and ensure the supply of parts and equipment to our customers so that they could continue their essential work. Similarly, our dealers quickly adjusted to the pandemic and played a critical role keeping our customers businesses operating. This year served as a reminder of just how impressive our dealer group is, and we are grateful for the tremendous performance they put forth. And as a result of the effort put forth by employees, suppliers, and dealers, we posted one of the strongest fourth quarter performances in company history. Excluding costs associated with employee separations and impairments, our Construction & Forestry division achieved 11% margins, the highest fourth quarter since 2014. Similarly, Ag & Turf fourth quarter margins excluding special items were approximately 16.5%, which is the highest fourth quarter in the divisions history, eclipsing results from 2013 despite around $1 billion less in net sales. While encouraged by our recent results, we are even more excited by the opportunity ahead of us. In the midst of addressing a global pandemic, we also instituted a new strategy for the company over the year. In doing so, we accomplished three primary objectives. One, weve reorganized the company around production systems to mirror the way our customers do business. Two, weve taken significant strides towards optimizing our cost structure. And three, weve adapted our investment priorities to ensure a greater degree of focus on the products and solutions that are most differentiated and unlock the highest value to our customers. A more focused R&D investment strategy is essential to realizing the value of the technology stack that Jahmy just described. While we spent decades investing in the core competencies to comprise our current technology stack, we see significant runway ahead to build on what we have done and advance technology for our next generation of solutions, and our new strategy plays a vital role in unlocking the necessary capital to achieve the potential we believe is possible. 2020 has been a year of change at Deere, and that has included some activity with respect to our portfolio. In some cases, weve made decisions to exit businesses or reduce footprint to serve markets more efficiently, while in other areas, weve added to our capabilities such as our recent purchases of Unimil and Harvest Profit. As we contemplate 2021, we expect to continue our portfolio evaluation which may result in additional activity throughout the duration of the year. As such, we intend to provide regular updates on subsequent earnings calls as we take actions in this area. Now, while weve made efforts to better focus the internal investments we are making, please know that our overall priorities related to our cash resources remain the same. We remain committed to our A-rating and will continue to fund our operations at levels that support our strategic initiatives. Next, well pay a dividend within our targeted income range, and with other priorities secured, we will return capital through our share repurchase program. We resumed the program in the fourth quarter and will continue to execute on our capital priorities in 2021.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Ryan. Now were ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the procedures. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, wed ask that you please rejoin the queue. Robin?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Im wondering if you can talk about Ag & Turf incremental margins from here? Obviously, you got to really strong margins much earlier in the cycle than most of us expected. How should we think about operating leverage from here assuming we do get a multiyear Ag & Turf recovery? Can you still, off of these higher-levels, deliver 30%-plus incremental margins as we think about what a multiyear recovery could look like?
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, thanks, Jerry. As it relates to the margins and thinking about this next year, 2021, 15.5% to 16.5% absolute margins, we do expect that we can do the roughly 30% to 35% from an incremental basis in kind of the underlying operations. I think when you think about this year, a few things to consider as far as potential or not potential headwinds in the forecast would be incentive comp has moved up and is a bit higher in 2021 from a company-wide perspective, thats about $160 million headwind. And then we are seeing a little bit higher overhead costs. Some of thats related to volume, but certainly still have some of that related to just overall caution as it relates to COVID and the impacts as were seeing spread in contagion in a lot of our key geographies.
Ryan Campbell: Yeah, Jerry, its Ryan. I think the way to think about it, we structurally improved the profitability of the Equipment Operations including Ag & Turf, but we intend over the long run to still operate with that flexibility that gives us the ability to perform on an incremental basis in the 30% to 35% range.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: I guess my question if we just, if you assume the high end of your guide on the sales and on the margin front, it implies your margins are already almost hitting the 15% mid-cycle margin target that you guys have laid out. So Im just, whats embedded in your view of the cycle in your 2021 guidance? And I guess the longer-term question is are we further along than we thought we would be? Do we need to revisit that target? Im just wondering if the market under appreciates the margin story for Deere longer-term. Thank you.
Jahmy Hindman: If you think about where were at in the cycle, Ag & Turf this year, were projecting to be pretty close to mid-cycle. That said, mix is still not normal. We think large Ag in North America is around 90% of mid-cycle, small Ag overall a little bit above mid-cycle, so relatively close but not there. Thats, I think what weve seen is significant progress on the margin front. As Ryan mentioned, feel like weve structurally improved our ability to perform and execute and drive that margin level, so were continuing to work on that, and as implied with our guidance this next year, expect being above that 15% target for Ag & Turf in 2021.
Jamie Cook: But in total for the company, is the 15% too low now, I guess Im asking? Because were getting there on a combined basis and were not even at mid-cycle.
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, Jamie, the goal was for 2022 kind of at mid-cycle. Well continue to execute and deliver on that, and then 2022, well take a step back and reflect on what we want to drive into the future particularly focusing on making the investments that really can change the game for our customers and create value for them. So hang with us and wait until we execute and deliver in 2022, but weve got a long runway of things that we can do to make our customers better.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Just curious to ask you about how youre factoring in raw materials costs for fiscal 2021. Were seeing some steel price increases, but I notice your COGS percent assumed is lower in the forecast, so just curious what you kind of  how youve thought about that in front half versus back half. Thanks.
Jahmy Hindman: Steve, when we look at material, weve had a tailwind in 2020 from a material point of view, in particular, on steel. Thats after we saw increases in 2018 and into 2019, so it has been favorable at this point.  As we look forward into 2021, our contracts, we tend to cover a quarter, a little bit more in terms of the lag time between price movements and when we see those come through, so we have some coverage there. So to your point, to the extent you see some of that inflation, probably more impactful later in the year. That said, as we kind of step back and look at material overall, are seeing some of those trends in terms of prices moving up but were also pretty confident in some cost reduction projects and things we have going on that we think about material kind of coming in relatively stable year-over-year. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Im wondering if we can spend a moment on the pricing question? You guys obviously had very good pricing especially in A&T in the fourth quarter, and I guess the outlook is pretty good as well. Can you just kind of describe what youre seeing there and why its as positive as it?
Jahmy Hindman: Pricing, Steve, youre right, was better than expected in the fourth quarter. I think maybe backing up, what hasnt changed is our philosophy on pricing. You continue to focus on value and the upside that we can create for our customers. I think when you look specifically at what we saw in the fourth quarter for Ag & Turf, there were a few things that drove that level of pricing. One, and we noted, Brent kind of mentioned this in his comments, we had tighter inventory positions kind of across most of our geographies and models in particular on small tractors and turf that drove less spend as a result of tighter levels of inventory. Thats one component. The other piece, and we talked a little bit about this last quarter, we saw more of it this quarter, was the cost for low rate programs, so buying down interest rates to offer low rate programs to our customers, which are pretty prevalent in small tractors and turf. That cost was lower as a result of just lower interest rates in the market. So that was impactful.  And then lastly, we saw pricing overseas. We had continued strength in a number of overseas markets that benefited price in the quarter. So we ended the year strong, obviously, and are forecasting about three points next year, so continue to manage that.  And I think part of that too, you think about as we go into the year with tighter inventories, we think that lends itself to a little bit lighter incentive spending as we work to recover some of that inventory in 2021. Thanks, Steve. Go ahead and jump to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Hi. I just wanted to ask you about your comment that youre only up about 90% of mid-cycle in large Ag going into fiscal 2021. That seems a little inconceivable to me given that farmers are sitting there with $50 billion in excess government payments this year on top of $24 billion that they received last year, and so the notion that theyre not spending now given the fundamentals and given the extra money they have and with government payments expected to revert to normal going forward, why wouldnt 2021 represent the new peak, not 90% of normal?
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, so maybe as we think about that, a little bit of a journey. Last year, 2020 we were around 80% of mid-cycle for large Ag in North America, so were seeing that step up to about 90%, so we are seeing that. Maybe taking a few of those pieces of your comments there as it relates to whats going on, government support obviously has been very strong. I think from a customer perspective, the preference would be access to markets over aid. I think thats underlying and as weve seen some of the export markets open up, I think youre seeing more sentiment improve. But the aid has in large part in our view been used to pay down debt and really manage and shore up our balance sheets, so I think thats been a positive. And underlying that also, youre seeing strong land values in the Midwest seeing some upward movement in land values, so I think underpinning there a really strong balance sheet for farmers, particularly as we exit the year. Fundamentals have moved and theyve moved really over the last six weeks, so its been pretty recent on the back of kind of revisions down of ending inventories of commodities, China purchases, and then obviously the aid that you mentioned. All of those, weve seen impact sentiment, so those things have been positive.  So I think as it relates to looking forward, we dont expect aid to recur, but we do believe higher commodity prices are going to benefit cash receipts as we go forward, so we dont expect a huge downward movement in cash receipts for principal crops in 2021. Saying all of that, I think we step back and say we are seeing demand pick up. Were seeing that in early order programs and the large tractor order book that Brent mentioned, so I think were really kind of at an inflection point right now where were seeing demand move. We would say theres still a long runway of replacement demand as you look at the age of the fleet and those sorts of things, so we think were a ways off mid-cycle let alone peak. Thanks, Ann. Well go ahead and jump to our next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Wertheimer with Melius Research.
Robert Wertheimer: Hey, good morning, everyone, and thanks. Just, I mean, obviously, youve had a very dynamic year with a lot going on. I wonder if you have any updated thoughts on either the buckets of margin as you think the end of the year structural goal and theres a mention youre pretty far advanced on that path. And maybe if not that, I mean, do you see the same sort of long-term potential rising up in construction margins? Theres a little bit less strength there I guess versus Ag and then just maybe a little bit less potential on the tech side, Im not sure. So just your thoughts on margin buckets and/or construction structural margin. Thank you.
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, Rob, I think overall bucket-wise, not a lot of change as we think about the path to 15%. Certainly cost weve done a lot of work on the cost side as it relates to structure as well as weve begun work on footprint and those sorts of things, so we feel good about the progress there.  Aftermarket continues to be something were focused on. Thats not something that changes immediately, but we like the organizational structure and the priorities that weve laid out there for the team and making good initial progress. And then Precision Ag as Jahmy outlined continues to be an opportunity for us and I think as we continue to develop technology, I think we see more and more opportunity to leverage and thats really where Jahmys new org steps in. As it relates to construction, certainly I think continuing to operate efficiently there. Weve tried to be really disciplined on price, and youve seen that over the course of 2020 which has aided margins. The road building side of the business we think is going to be a substantial contributor as we think about the overall delivering 15% margin. And this year, the road building side worked through a really choppy year and performed very, very well and proved out part of the hypothesis there that they are going to be less cyclical and that was certainly the case. They ended the year down about 8% compared to construction which was down much more significantly. Maybe the last thing on the construction side where we do think we have an opportunity to drive margin and differentiation is on technology, so maybe Ill ask Jahmy to talk a little bit about how we think we can leverage technology in C&F and road building.
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, thanks, Rob, for the question. I do think if you look at Precision generally, many of the technologies that were developing on the Ag side have applicability at the component level within our construction and road building products as well, and the benefits of Precision extend to that business also, this need to be more precise with equipment, reduce the amount of time the equipment spends on a job site to do the job, those sorts of things all factor into our ability to take technology that were developing within the enterprise and apply it to the construction and road building products as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chad Dillard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard: Can you talk about your Precision Ag take rates and early order program, how are rates for ExactEmerge and Apply, how they compare versus last year, and have you started to offer spray as a part of the early order program and give some color on take rates there?  And then just lastly, just maybe you could talk about the roadmap for Precision Ag beyond corn and soybean ecosystem and will it require new technology beyond the current offering? Just that. Thank you.
Ryan Campbell: Yeah, Ill start there. I mean, from an early order program, we saw take rates kind of in line with what we talked about a quarter ago. So in the low 40s on ExactEmerge, high 40s, near 50 on ExactApply, and then combines are actually in the 70s. So those specific solutions now, weve got a few years under our belt. Were seeing continued strong adoption there which has been positive and I think just clearly demonstrating the value of what those can do when you think about executing the job those customers are performing. Maybe from a sprayer perspective, Jahmy, do you want to talk a little bit about just what were seeing from a technology perspective having it out in the field?
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, so weve had machines with customers over the last prototype machines over the last 12 months and especially this summer learned a lot. We will have machines with customers next summer as well and the feedback has largely been outstanding.  People gravitate to the value proposition. They get it, they understand it, and its easily demonstrable. And Ill maybe take a different direction past see and spray and just talk on the question about how applicable is technology outside of corn and soy from a production system perspective. Ill tell you what were really doing is were giving machines vision and intelligence, and that extends well past the sort of a multi-dimensional runway. It extends well past corn and soy into other Ag production systems. It also extends past the Ag production systems into several of our Construction & Forestry and roadbuilding segments, and so theres a lot of opportunity out there just with making machines more capable from a vision and intelligence perspective, and then theres another dimension of that thats the data thread that that creates that links all of these steps within a production system together. So really exciting stuff to come and definitely applicable outside of corn and soy.
Ryan Campbell: Maybe one last thing to add-on to that, Chad, is were also seeing opportunity on geographic growth from a Precision Ag perspective. We see really strong upward movement and engaged acres globally but in particular, in South America and in Europe. So as we think about you got this opportunity on a geographic basis across Ag & Turf and C&F and then essentially every job that customers are doing. Thanks, Chad. Well go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Joel Tiss with BMO.
Joel Tiss: Hey, guys. I just wondered if you can talk a little more deeply about C&F from like a structural standpoint and the ability to get the 15% operating margins? And maybe also just the touching on the ability to get paid for putting Precision software into the machines. Thank you.
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, I think that on the margin side, were seeing, weve seen I think the division perform pretty resiliently through a year in which sales were down pretty significantly. And we North American Construction Equipment we took out about 30% of field inventory, so pretty significant action this year to put us in position to build in line with retail next year. So I think the actions were taking overall as a company as it relates to cost structure are beneficial here. Jahmys organization from a CTO perspective pulling the technology together to be able to leverage across we think thats a big opportunity, and that he just mentioned a few examples of where we think we can do that.  The roadbuilding side continues to be one where we see the opportunity to continue to grow there and grow margin as we execute both integration plans and everything else there. So I think we feel like weve got a runway there to improve and continuing to focus on markets and products where we can differentiate to deliver margin performance. Thanks, Joel. Well go ahead and jump to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Raso with Evercore.
David Raso: Good morning. With the A&T sales midpoint guide, the 12.5%, but 4% of that you note is price and currency, thats only about obviously 8.5% implied volume, so if my math is right, the way you destock small Ag this year in 2020, the small Ag business alone just returning back in line with retail with their production almost accounts for almost all that 8.5% volume growth. So I just want to make sure, if those numbers are correct, are you indeed implying large Ag sales in 2021 are really not growing much at all, and if so, given the order book commentary, the inventory commentary, why is that?
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, so when you think about the kind of the sales and linking that up with the outlooks, I mean, the biggest components of that are from a large Ag perspective in North America we expect to build in line with retail. Small Ag roughly we expect to be flat in North America. To your point, we will produce above retail on small tractors, and we expect to build some inventory were coming off historic lows. Last year I think we ended at 55% inventory to sales. This year we ended at 20%, so we will see some recovery there. But again, we expect that market to be relatively flat but we will build some inventory there. In South America, Brazil in particular, we will probably recover. We expect to recover a little bit of inventory that got depleted in 4Q as the market turned pretty strongly in the fourth quarter. So youre right. I mean, I think when you combine price and FX with kind of North America being up some, South America being up some, and then over production to recover, replenish inventory on small tractors, thats kind of the math to get to those numbers.
David Raso: A clarification, you said large Ag in North America in line with retail. Is that not up in an up retail forecast, meaning did you not destock at all in 2020 to where youll actually produce lower than retail is up? I dont understand the flat coming off a year of some destock and you think retail is up.
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, we produced in line with large Ag in 2020 and we intend to do the same in 2021.
David Raso: So up a little bit. Okay.
Jahmy Hindman: Okay. Thanks, David. Well go ahead and jump to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: Hey there. Just wanted to make sure you could hear me. So I guess maybe looking at the October retail sales trends, I think in all the categories ex-four-wheel drive tractors, it looks like Deere came in a bit below the industry. Could you just maybe explain a bit about whats going on there?
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, I think either -- a few things at play there. Given our order fulfillment model, focus on inventory management, and obviously some of this demand is lumpy throughout the year, we will at times lose a little bit of short-term market share at inflection points, and I think thats some of what we saw this year particularly as we got towards the end of the year where we were tighter on inventory. And as we work through 2020 with the uncertainty kind of broad ranged across agriculture and even on the small tractor and turf side, we were tried to pretty diligently manage those inventories and we were lighter at the end of the year when we saw the inflection. Historically what weve seen is weve been able to recover that as we build that back up, so I think thats our expectation that you see us recover that as we go forward.
Ryan Campbell: As Josh said, sometimes an inflection point given our order fulfillment strategy, we may, on the margin, miss a few tractor or combine shares, but history would tell us that we recover that back very quickly. And over the long run, were heads down focused on creating sustainable market share growth through creating differentiated value for our customers, so thats really what were focused on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Larry De Maria with William Blair.
Larry De Maria: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Appreciate the tech stack discussion. We dont see on there as obviously Deere prescribed agronomy, but obviously agronomy has been everywhere, but you bought a software company and youre developing and have bought some AI capabilities. It seems logical with the roadmap that maybe being in a position to recommend seed since you have a data and are getting down to the individual plant level. So Im just kind of curious as this roadmap plays out can you get into the prescription seed recommendation game, because it seems like its going that way? Or alternatively, maybe its more about making sure you can attribute value to Deere so you can gain greater pricing and greater wallet share from customers. So just trying to think and see how this plays out over the next few years and as you maybe come into more conflict with seed companies.
Ryan Campbell: Yeah, thanks for the question, Ill take it. I think the way to think about that right now is were really focused on creating the data and collecting the data that any individual grower needs in order to make decisions exactly like the one that youre talking about, what seed hybrid they might plant in any given year.  And at some point in the future, I think well have the growers have enough information because of the data theyve collected over the previous production system steps over the previous years to optimize that seed choice, but in the end, thats their choice to make. They have a responsibility or they have a relationship with their trusted advisors whoever that might be and their agronomic community and they are the ones that end up making that decision as they see it as best for their farm in any given year, given their operations.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, guys. Good morning. Congrats on the quarter. Ryan, I was wondering if you could provide us a little bit more color on the guidance for the year in terms of how you see the cadence playing out maybe first half to second half in terms of sales and margin, any important moving pieces that we should keep in mind? And then can you confirm if theres any material restructuring charges left in the guidance for this year? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah, this is Josh. Ill start. As you think about cadence of the year, I dont think we expect to see much abnormal from a seasonality perspective, so I think wed expect both divisions to kind of play out relatively normally, nothing major kind of that would disrupt that. I think as it relates to one-time charges those sorts of things, the employee separation actions, we dont have or expect anything in 2021 in the guide. Weve got that all in 2020. To the extent we continue to work on portfolio optimization, those sorts of things, we could see charges there, but as we would execute on those, we will provide updates then.
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, as Josh said, nothing unique in next years cadence and then we dont have forecasted charges in the guide for next year. We are still assessing kind of operations and footprint globally. As we make those decisions, well obviously identify any costs associated with those during our quarterly calls.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to go back to Construction & Forestry, the margin discussion there, and recognizing that you had a lot of sort of discrete costs that impacted you in fiscal 2020 that now are clearly going away. It seems as if Im doing the math right here, that the incremental margin that youre guiding to is somewhere in the low- to mid-20s here, so I guess my question is this. First, where are we in terms of roadbuildings margin and is the path to 13%, 14% operating margin for that business still there, and how do you see that? And sort of whats being embedded here in terms of incremental margin longer-term?
Josh Jepsen: Yeah, I think for incrementals on the business in 2021, were in that range of 20% to 25% which is traditionally where wed expect to be. As you think about roadbuilding, we had a really, really strong quarter in roadbuilding in 4Q, and as we look forward, we think that continues to improve, even ex-items where we were this year, we expect next year with top line moving up call it roughly 10%, we think that margin steps up again. So I think we feel really good about the performance there.  And maybe just to reiterate a comment I made earlier, as we think about the 15% and how do we get there, we think the roadbuilding piece is a substantial contributor to that margin story as we go forward. Thanks, Mig. Well go ahead and go to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Good morning, guys. Just wondering maybe following on the roadbuilding discussion I think on C&F you gave us an outlook for North America construction and compact and forestry, but can you maybe just share with us what your thoughts on the outlook for roadbuilding was and was there substantial underproduction? How did those inventory levels kind of finish this year and what we should be thinking for next year? And also, as it relates to North America versus China.
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, so, we expect its a little bit hard on the industry, so we tend to talk about roadbuilding more than just what we expect from our business there and we think thats up about 10% next year after being down about 8% in 2020, so seeing some nice recovery there in that business. Inventory-wise, I think we feel like were in good shape. I think over the course of 2019 and a little bit of 2020, we took some more targeted actions on some of the different brands to adjust inventory as we integrated order fulfillment philosophies. But now I feel like we feel like going into 2021 were in good shape across those brands. Thanks, Courtney.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Can you clarify that the 90% of mid-cycle for large Ag is projected 2021 where youll finish, or was that actual 2020?  And then historically, how far above are you mid-cycle at the peak for Ag & Turf? Some of the concern out there seems to be that 2021 is somehow peak in Ag & Turf which seems very hard to contemplate when revenue growth hasnt even turned positive yet and you only have 2021 Ag & Turf up 10% to 15%.
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah, so, the 90% is our forecast as we stand now for 2021, so we think weve moved from basically call it 80% to 90% as we look forward. Now, importantly, weve really seen kind of activity turn in the last four to six weeks, so obviously weve had early order programs going, but as you think about kind of underlying fundamentals for farmers, things have improved from a commodity price perspective, lower stock levels, and thats all really happened very, very recently. So I think I wouldnt overly interpret whats happened in four weeks and that thats everything thats possible there.  So were still managing it, working through with our dealers and customers where were at. We feel like were pretty well positioned having managed new inventories tightly. Maybe more importantly, used is in really good shape, used inventory levels are down in places we havent been since call it before 2014. Used prices on the large Ag side are seeing upward pressure, so I think the backdrop and all those things that weve thought would drive replacement demand and support replacement demand that have been stalled over the last year or two, weve seen some of those things turn and be more favorable for farmers.
Jahmy Hindman: And Josh on that, wouldnt your normal peak be 20% to 25% above mid-cycle for Ag & Turf? If thats the case, historically, the trough-to-peak move would be something like a 30%-type number, not a 10% to 15% number, thats what I was trying to clarify in my question.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah, sorry. I forgot that part of your question. Yeah, we would consider 120%, 20% above as peak, and thats as we plan and certainly if you go back to 2013, large Ag in North America was 130%, so that was, so weve been much higher and higher than even 120%, but thats the way we plan. So thanks, Ross. Well go ahead and try to get one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Seth Weber, RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: Great, guys. Thanks, and good morning. Happy thanksgiving. Just a question on the South American industry Ag outlook. Up 5% seems kind of conservative. It sounds like youre messaging that your order book is up materially here at the end of the year. So can you just frame that? Are you expecting something to really sort of drop off in the back half of the year in South America? Is it just uncertainty around financing programs, or any color youd talk to as to the 5% growth for South America. Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah, so, I mean, up 5% for all South America, I think your question maybe a little more targeted on Brazil specifically. Fundamentals have been really strong. We saw fourth quarter demand was from a retail perspective was strong and strong enough that you actually saw the year swing from kind of a negative industry to positive, so thats moved quickly.  Brent mentioned our order books were ordered out through March, one thing that does, when you think about the comparison then, the strong fourth quarter is now intercom, so well anniversary that strong industry in 2021, so I think thats part of it. But I think overall, were seeing dynamics there have been favorable and maybe a little bit of caution as it relates to China buying more grains from the US and what exactly does that mean for them but overall, I think very, very positive outlook on Brazil.
Josh Jepsen: Well, with that, I think were at the top of the hour, so well wrap it up. But appreciate all of the interest. I hope everyone has a good Thanksgiving, and well talk soon. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. You may disconnect your lines, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-08-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Good morning. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, our Chief Financial Officer; Cory Reed, President of Production and Precision Ag; and Brent Norwood, Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's third-quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2020. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note slides for the call this call. They can be accessed on our website at www.JohnDeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the internet, and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may also include financial measures that are non conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.JohnDeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I'll now turn the call over to Brent.
Brent Norwood: John Deere demonstrated strong execution in the third quarter resulting in a 14.6% margin for the equipment operations, and an increased net income forecast for the full year. Despite persistent uncertainty in large Ag markets, profitability increased year-over-year for the division and take rates for precision technology improved markedly. Meanwhile, markets for our Construction & Forestry division slowed year-over-year but came in ahead of our forecast and showed progress towards rightsizing inventory levels.  Now, let's take a closer look at our third quarter results beginning on slide 3. Enterprise net sales and revenues were down 11% to $8.925 billion, while net sales for our equipment operations were down 12% to $7.859 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was down 10% to $811 million or $2.57 per diluted share. In the quarter, the company recorded impairments and closure costs totaling $37 million both pre-tax and after tax. In addition, the quarter's net income was unfavorably affected by discrete income tax adjustments, while the third quarter of 2019 had favorable discrete income tax adjustments. At this time, I'd like to welcome to the call Cory Reed, President of Production & Precision Ag for a discussion of the division's results and changes to the recently announced operating model. Cory?
Cory Reed: Thanks Brent. Let's start with the Worldwide Ag & Turf third quarter results on slide 4. Net sales were down 5% compared to last year, primarily driven by lower shipment volumes and the unfavorable effects of currency translation; partially offset by price realization, price realization in the quarter was positive by 4%; while currency translation was negative by 3%. Operating profit was $942 million resulting in a 16.6% operating margin for the division. The year-over-year increase is primarily due to price realization, lower SA&G and R&D as well as a decrease in warranty costs. These items were partially offset by the unfavorable effects of foreign currency exchange, lower shipment volumes and impairments and closure costs. During the quarter, the division incurred charges of $37 million related to the closure of a small tractor facility in China, and the sale of a European Turf business. With that context, let's turn to our 2020 Ag and Turf industry outlook on slide 5. In U.S. and Canada, we expect Ag industry sales to be down roughly 5% to 10% for 2020. During the quarter, sales for small tractors have remained strong as the pandemic has driven an increase in projects for home and property owners. The strong retail environment combined with our planned under production have reduced our field inventory position for the year and should provide a healthy entry point for 2021. Meanwhile demand for large Ag machines is still forecast to be down relative to 2019 though demand has remained relatively stable throughout the year as our long lead order books and early order programs now provide visibility through the end of 2020 and beyond. Farmer sentiment continues to be fluid due to the many uncertain variables impacting our customers headed into 2021. Unresolved issues around global trade and continued government support, combined with a sharp decline in ethanol during the early months of the lockdown have kept grain stocks elevated going into the harvest season. At the same time, the farm equipment fleet continues to age out and new and used inventory positions are low, especially as it relates to Deere equipment relative to competitive machines. Additionally, Precision Ag advancements for new and retrofit solutions continue to unlock economic headroom for our customers. The balance of these factors was reflected in the results of our phase one early order program for planners and sprayers, which both ended up relative to the previous year's program. In comparison to last year keep in mind that 2019 was adversely affected by the delayed planting season. Encouragingly, nearly all of our advanced precision features such as ExactApply and ExactEmerge saw higher take rates compared to the previous year. The results give us confidence in our Precision Ag strategy and demonstrate customers' willingness for sustained investment in technology in the face of uncertain market conditions. Specifically, we see the significant levels of investment in solutions that have the highest demonstrable impact on improved customer economics. Moving on to Europe; the industry's outlook is forecast to be down 5% to 10%. Over the quarter, the outlook for arable farmers declined slightly amid lower grain prices and weakening yields; especially in the UK and France where dry conditions have persisted throughout the growing season. Additionally, dairy margins continue to soften albeit from recent peaks. Meanwhile pork producers continue to enjoy favorable conditions as exports remain strong. Despite some modest headwinds this year, we continue to make progress in the region through our focus on Precision Ag. Over the year, we've seen increased market share in the 150 plus horsepower tractor category while engaged acres in our operations center has nearly doubled since the start of the year. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be down 10% to 15% for the year. Despite positive fundamentals in Brazil, the effects of COVID and the global trade uncertainty have weighed on farmers throughout the first half of the year. While industry sales will be lower for the fiscal year, we've seen sales momentum building in recent months. And our order books now extend well into the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, indicating a solid start to the year.  Shifting to Asia; industry sales are expected to be down slightly as key growth markets like India are recovering after significant impacts of the countrywide lockdown. Lastly, industry retail sales of Turf and Utility Equipment in the U.S and Canada are projected to be down about 5% in 2020. Moving on to our Ag & Turf forecast on slide 6. Fiscal year 2020 sales of Worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are forecast to be down roughly 10%, which includes expectations of 2.5 points of positive price realization offset by a currency headwind of about two points. For the division's operating margin, our full year forecast is roughly 11.5%, which is inclusive of cost related to both employee separation programs, as well as facility impairments and closures. In total, we estimate these costs to be roughly $260 million for the division in fiscal year 2020. Before moving on to the Construction & Forestry division, I'd like to first offer a few remarks on the new operating model announced in June. As noted in our release, our smart industrial strategy is designed to unlock new value for customers, helping them to become more profitable and sustainable; while revolutionizing agriculture through rapid introduction of new technologies. To accomplish this, we focused our strategy and organization around the three primary areas shown on slide 7. Production Systems, our Technology Stack, and Lifecycle Solutions. Over the last few years, we've integrated a production systems perspective into our product planning road maps; however, our recent redesign now formally organizes our entire business around these systems, which has important implications for how we plan our product portfolio; and how we allocate capital. A Production System is illustrative of how our customers get work done and includes both the jobs they perform and the decisions they make to produce an output. In Ag for example, we contemplate every single job and decision required to prepare the soil, to plant the seed; to protect and nurture the crop and to harvest it at the end of the season. The work done preparing the soil has implications for how to plant seeds and promote uniform emergence, which impacts how we care for that crop throughout the growing season; ultimately informing the harvesting job. This entire series of decisions and jobs create the systems in which our customers operate. Our solutions will empower customers to do their jobs more productively, while making better decisions that minimize inputs, maximize outputs and create a complete cycle where each step informs the next. Also critical to unlocking value for customers is the accelerated development, and leverage of our technology stack across our suite of products. Think of our technology stack as the full set of components required to deliver solutions to our customers. For nearly 25 years, we've been investing in core technologies that can be leveraged across the enterprise. From our early development of embedded controllers, software and Telematics; and guidance systems to more recent investments in computer vision, machine learning and data platforms. Today, we're better positioned than anyone to provide seamless, integrated solutions where the sum of our product suite in a production system is greater than each of these machines operating in isolation. Our technology stack is also the key enabler to extract data from one step in the system in order to make the next step more effective. The value creation is powered by our core technologies, and provides us the greatest opportunity for differentiated solutions in the marketplace. Bringing this all together, our production systems approach combined with the precision delivered through our technology stack will deliver a seamless cycle that unlocks the ability to utilize resources in the most precisely targeted manner to achieve optimum output, which means delivering our customers increased productivity, greater profitability; and enhanced environmental outcomes throughout the full production system. Lastly, our strategy puts a renewed focus on lifecycle solutions to enhance our aftermarket and support capabilities. We see significant opportunity to improve our penetration throughout the entire life of our products, while simultaneously improving customer experience and uptime for their equipment. Our connected machines, the supporting tools and applications; and our highly differentiated dealer organization are critical elements to our initiative. Furthermore, we'll focus on enhancing our e-commerce tools while leveraging a tiered offering to our all makes and remanufacturing segments. Lastly, we'll accelerate our performance upgrade or retrofit business with the intent to proliferate Precision Ag solutions deeper into our installed base at price points that enable owners of used equipment to upgrade into more productive and sustainable equipment moving. Moving to slide 8. I'd like to spend a few minutes expanding on our production systems framework and give a few examples of what's changing with our new operating model. In the early days of Precision Ag development, some of our solutions offered hard to prove benefits and face lower take rates in the marketplace. As we progressed in this journey, we form production system teams to assess the agronomic and economic impact that our solutions play in the jobs and decisions that farmers make each year. The result of these teams helped produce key innovations over the last few years, such as our ExactEmerge planners and ExactApply sprayers. In fact, we've spent the last several years putting the building blocks in place to deliver differentiated solutions to our customers in the production systems in which they operate, and now is the time to accelerate our vision by formally reorganizing the company around these targeted system. In our new organizational design each division president owns the end-to-end production system for our customer segments. That means the entire suite of products for any crop system is organized and reports to one leader. We think this has important implications for how we allocate capital; shifting more resources toward projects that unlock the most economic value, and deliver the most sustainable outcomes for any given system. In the Ag & Turf division for example, my team will lead and maintain end-to-end responsibility for the corn and soy, small grains and cotton and sugar production systems, which includes all of the engineering, manufacturing and marketing for large tractors; combines, crop care and crop harvesting. Meanwhile, my colleague and partner Mark Von Pentz and his team will oversee turf and utility, dairy livestock and high value crop production systems. The new design will be key to bringing innovative and integrated solutions to market faster than ever before. The real power of our model comes from our ability to scale solutions across geographies and across different production systems. Today, many of our leading technologies are designed for and introduced in the U.S corn and soy production system. We see an enormous opportunity to adapt our solutions for different geographies and accelerate the pace of adoption for farmers. Brazil is a great opportunity, a great example of this opportunity; over the last 18-months, we've introduced nearly all of our leading North American technologies in planting, spraying and harvesting to the Brazilian market. Additionally, we've launched a key initiative to drive adoption of our digital platform. To date, take rates and market acceptance has been very positive with many of our initial introductions selling out within days. With respect to digital adoption, engaged acres have tripled in the region in the last 18-months, while driving higher utilization of the John Deere operations Center. In addition to leveraging technology in the new geographies, we're also adapting our solutions to scale across different crop production systems. As I mentioned, while technology has tended to be first developed for corn and soy customers; we see significant potential to utilize these innovations for small grains production. Key technologies such as section control or precise seed placement represent enormous near-term opportunities for products like air seeders. While the inclusion of customer vision and computer vision and machine learning hold long-term potential for further automation of the small grains market. Ultimately, our new operating model is essential to capturing the immense opportunities ahead of us. And will help us accelerate and accelerate the pace of adoption for the industry. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Brent Norwood to cover the details on the quarter for construction and forestry. Brent?
Brent Norwood: Now let's focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 9. For the quarter, net sales of $2.187 billion were down 28%, primarily due to lower shipment volumes and the unfavorable effects of currency translation; partially offset by price realization. Operating profit moved lower year-over-year to $205 million due largely to lower shipment volumes and sales mix; partially offset by price realization and lower SG&A. Let's turn to our 2020 Construction & Forestry industry outlook on slide 10. Construction equipment industry sales in the U.S and Canada are now forecast to be down about 20%, reflecting sharp declines in the oil and gas sector; rental CapEx as well as overall moderation and general economic activity. Moving on to Global Forestry, we now expect the industry to decline between 20% and 25% this year with the U.S and Canada markets declining more than the rest of the world. Moving on to our C&F division outlook on slide 11. Deere's Construction & Forestry 2020 net sales are now forecast to be down by about 25% compared to last year. The incremental decline relative to the industry guidance reflects plans to under produce retail sales, as we take further action to reduce field inventory by about 20% to 25% for earth moving equipment. The order book remains within our historical 30 to 60 day replenishment window, but at a much reduced production schedule relative to last year. Our net sales guidance for the year includes expectations of about one point of positive price realization and a currency headwind of about a point. For the division's operating margin, we are increasing our forecast to approximately 5% due to modest improvement in the Construction Equipment Segment and a strong third quarter performance in road building. Our margin forecast is inclusive of costs relating to both employee separation and impairments. In total, we estimate these costs to be about $130 million for the division in fiscal year 2020.  Let's move now to our financial services operations on slide 12. Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the third quarter was $183 million, benefiting from lower losses on operating lease residual values; decreased SG&A and a reduced provision for credit losses, largely offset by a higher provision for income taxes related to unfavorable discrete adjustments in the current quarter and favorable discrete adjustments last year. For fiscal year 2020, net income forecast is now $510 million which contemplates a tax rate between 24% and 26%. The provision for credit losses forecast in 2020 remains at 37 basis points, reflecting a higher degree of uncertainty relative to last year. Slide 13 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. Our full year outlook for net income is now forecast to be about $2.25 billion which includes the impact of our most recent employee separation program estimated to cost $175 million in the fourth quarter. The guidance also contemplates an effective tax rate projected to be between 27% to 29%, which moved higher for the year due to discrete tax items primarily in the third quarter. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $2.8 billion. I will now turn the call over to Ryan Campbell for closing comments. Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Before we respond to your questions, I'd first like to offer some perspective on our liquidity, recent strategic actions and our financial results for the quarter. During our second quarter earnings call, we outline the actions taken to enhance our overall liquidity and financial position. These actions involved raising over $4 billion total through two medium-term note offerings in addition to renewing our credit facilities. We also announced the indefinite suspension of our share repurchase plan. The environment remains very dynamic and accordingly, we expect to hold additional liquidity for an indefinite period; however, given the strength of our operating results and our strong cash generation, we are now comfortable restarting our share purchases. To be clear, we will execute any repurchases in accordance with our use of cash priorities that start with maintaining our single A rating, funding our capital expenditures; paying a dividend and finally using residual cash flow for purchases as conditions warrant.  During our Analyst Day at CES, we laid out the new priorities for the company. First, was a more focused capital allocation process including both capital investments and R&D, to reallocate our resources to areas of the greatest potential for differentiation and profitability; with the specific intent to one, intensify our Precision Ag investments; two, enhance our capabilities in our aftermarket and retrofit business; and three actively address any lower performing product lines. Secondly, we committed to adjust our cost structure, including both our organizational design and footprint to create a more agile company to respond faster to market dynamics and best capitalize on the immense opportunity in front of us. During the first three quarters of this year, we've taken significant action towards achieving those priorities. As Cory noted, we announced our new operating model in June, which represented a critical step executing our vision. As part of this new model, we've redesigned our organization around production systems; increasing our focus and accountability while aligning our organization with how our customers work. We created a Chief Technology Officer role to better leverage our technology stack throughout the enterprise and sharpen our focus on the next generation of Precision Ag innovations. Lastly, we redesigned our aftermarket and retrofit organization to better serve our customers. These organizational changes have significant implications for how we allocate capital and will ensure that we prioritize solutions that have the highest potential to unlock value for our customers. With respect to our cost structure, we've announced two employee separation programs in 2020 costing $138 million and $175 million respectively. In total, these programs will incur estimated expenses of approximately $315 million and will provide for an annual run rate savings of around $260 million. We expect to complete our organizational design work in fiscal 2020 with continued focus on creating an organization with higher levels of autonomy, accountability and the speed necessary to quickly respond to changing market conditions, as well as capitalize on the opportunities to unlock differentiated value for our customers. We've also completed an initial portfolio review to assess each product line's strategic fit and financial contribution. As a result, we announced the closure of a small tractor facility in China and the sale of a European lawn mowing business. These actions resulted in costs of $37 million for the quarter; importantly, our portfolio actions will continue, and we will provide updates during our quarterly earnings calls as additional decisions are made and executed. As it relates to our third quarter performance; the operating results are directly attributable to the hard work and dedication of our employees and dealers, who have worked diligently to implement our strategy; while simultaneously adjusting operations and pulling cost levers in response to the global pandemic. Looking forward, there are many uncertainties facing both our operations and those of our customers in the near term. Given this uncertain environment, we are even more convinced that our strategy is the right one allowing us to focus on what we can control, and deliver differentiated products and services to our customers that drive profitable and sustainable outcomes. More than ever, our industries require solutions that reduce costs, enhance productivity and deliver sustainable outcomes; we have spent the last several years putting the building blocks in place to deliver differentiated and integrated solutions to our customers in the production systems in which they operate. Now is the time to accelerate our vision through the new strategy and operating model.
Josh Jepsen: Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the pulling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions we ask that you rejoin the queue. Julie?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your lane is open.
RobWertheimer: That was actually a great overview of the new operating model and the importance of it. You touched a little bit more on the external features than the internal. And I wonder what if you can just do a little bit more on nimbleness or responsiveness or the internal cost that you sort of see from potentially changing as a result of the way you've organized yourselves. Thank you.
BrentNorwood: Yes. Thanks, Rob. May I'll start and ask Cory or Ryan to add in. I mean I think as we think about this there's obviously the customer facing component and being more aligned to how they do their work. And I think that's a critical component. As we think about internally what this does in addition to accountability and fewer handoffs and those sorts of things; we also think it's going to create speed and that speed is important because it's one to react and make quicker decisions as market dynamics shift, but also in the way that we're able to implement and execute technology and execute it throughout the portfolio and deliver it to customers in a more rapid way.
RyanCampbell: Yes, Rob. It's Ryan. We've talked about the cost and savings component and from the employee related programs. And as we said, we'll continue to look at the portfolio and we'll talk about any decisions or actions that we have when we make those on our quarterly calls. And so those actions will still continue. I think a testament to the new organization is what we've just been through with COVID. We've taken some layers out of the organization. We've been able to respond much quicker in this very, very dynamic environment and that's given us a lot of confidence with the path we're going forward on.
CoryReed: And Rob, this is Cory. I'd just say if you think about how we were organized in the past around platforms and product lines it served us very well, but it also required a lot of effort, time, energy spent on aligning the organization for what we're going to do next. In the new model, we're operating by empowering teams closer to the business and creating less of those handoffs and the production system teams responsible will have the capital allocation responsibilities to make decisions faster and to bring those products to market more quickly to enable customer profitability. And we see it starting already with although the models just going in place right now.
Operator: Our next question our next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
AndyCasey: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody. I wanted to ask a couple questions about the updated, kind of shorter term updated forecast implications for the fourth quarter. The revenue guidance seems to imply down around 18% in the quarter and then but roughly mid-teen percent decremental margin if I exclude the $175 million charge you disclosed. If I look at it ex charge and account for the inventory actions and C&F, what factors, other factors are leading you to anticipate both the weaker revenue and reduced ability to hold margins as well as you did in Q3, which is quite extraordinary but could you help with that.
BrentNorwood: Yes. Andy thanks. I think, yes, you're right; one of the biggest pieces is just the continued inventory management. So we do expect to see under production in the construction equipment for North America as well as small tractors on the Ag side. So that is one of the components as it relates to the top line. I think things to consider when you think about margin; one is the employee separation cost that's in the fourth quarter. So $175 million across the company that's one; material, we've seen pretty positive material movements this year as we get into the fourth quarter we start to lap reductions that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2019. So while we see that improving nearly not to the extent that we have seen during the year because of lapping those. Price in the fourth quarter, we don't expect to be as strong as we've seen year-to-date or particularly in the third quarter. And then one other thing that I would point out is we still are in a pretty dynamic and fluid environment as it relates to COVID. So we have cost embedded in both of our divisions whether it's overhead disruptions in the factories or premium freight just because it's still a moving target in terms of the environment with the coronavirus and how that's impacting us. So those would be the biggest drivers and puts and takes. I think when we look at it and you go kind of ex items, ex the voluntary separation costs, decrementals from an equip ops perspective in 2020, so we feel like pretty reasonable given what we're seeing from the top line. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
StevenVolkmann: Hi. Good morning, guys. I'm wondering if we could kind of go back I think both Cory and Brent talked in the opening comments about early order programs being good and take rates for the Precision Ag being strong. I'm wondering if we could perhaps put any bookends in terms of numbers around those. And then did that help the margin in the quarter as well in Ag & Turf because that was obviously very strong. And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
BrentNorwood: As it relates to the early order program, Steve, yes, so -- we -- Cory referenced the orders were up and what we saw in the first phase planters were up about 10% on a unit basis; sprayers were up a little bit more than that. So that's clearly positive from a directional point of view. I think maybe more importantly is what we're seeing from an adoption of technology. So on planters, ExactEmerge in the low 40s, so up again compared to where we were a year ago; ExactApply on sprayers in the high 40s; so continuing to see strong adoption and I think when you step back and look at the current environment we're operating in and our farmers are operating in, I think that it's a testament to the willingness to be able to want to invest in technology and the ability to deliver clear outcomes for those customers.
CoryReed: Yes. I would add. This is Cory. I would add that the in addition to a strong program, I think, the most important thing for us is to see that our customers continue to buy into those features and we often reference ExactEmerge and we reference ExactApply, but it's across the board. So individual road hydraulic down force, road cleaner adjusts, closing wheel controls; electric drives on our planters all the way through what we're doing in air seeding and what we're doing across sprayers. In addition to a good program what we have is a technology suite that is being adopted increasingly by our customers to drive profitability.
BrentNorwood: Yes, Steven, your question relative to margin. No impact on margin, we were taking those orders; we will start to build a little bit of that as we get into 4Q but really see more of that as we roll the fiscal year into 1Q.
RyanCampbell: Yes and it's Ryan. Maybe just a point on that; the margin performance that we've shown in the quarter is reflective of all the work that we've done with respect to developing technology and delivering solutions to our customers. As you think back what Ag produced this quarter, it's the second highest operating return on sales that we've had. You have to go back to 2013 in the third quarter to get a higher number and in that period our sales were about $2 billion higher. So if you take a step back and think through what's driven that margin performance this time on lower sales is really the technology and the solutions we're offering our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your lane is open.
StevenFisher: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Just want to ask a big picture question on margins and so with the good outcome that you had this quarter overall, I'm wondering if there was anything in this particular quarter's results that you would say is a kind of serves as a proving point for your 15% target. And I'm wondering if the construction contribution to that margin is more or less worrisome than it has been, I know, you've thought that that area needed a bit more work. It sounds like maybe more of the employee separation is focused on that side of it. I'm just curious about the kind of a bigger picture longer term confidence in that margin now.
BrentNorwood: Hi, Steve. I mean certainly I think the performance in the quarter and what we see for the full year continues to give us confidence in the direction, and the ability to deliver 15% and doing that when you think about where we're at from a large Ag perspective. Our relatively low volume is, I think, it speaks to the power of what we're -- what we've been able to do. As you think about construction and forestry, we're with a significant destock occurring through the year we were able to ex items like I said we're going to do margins kind of in the mid or excuse me decremental margins in the mid 20% range. So continues to perform pretty well given those challenges and then maybe importantly is as you think about the road building side of the business; in the quarter, we did about 15% margin on road building and that's with volume compared to a year ago down by about 20%. So we're seeing really strong performance there. And I think that continues to give us guidance too and just the power of the combination of our earth moving enforce your business with that road building business and what that's able to deliver; one of the big questions was how cyclical was that road building business and I think we've seen that come in as less cyclical for a full year. We expect that business to be down about 10% compared to much more significantly on the construction business. So I think that does give us continued confidence in what we can do there. And then one other thing to add is when we start to think about the opportunity to further leverage technology and technology that we've put in place in Ag and that we can leverage into both earth moving, forestry and road building; we think there's a -- that's a considerable opportunity for us as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
JerryRevich: Yes. Good morning, everyone. I'm wondering if you can expand on your comments on the used market; the industry data that we track this shows really big step down and used inventories for the industry this year. Is that consistent with what you're seeing somewhere in the range of contractors down 45% off the peak. And is that decline in use because that's what's driving the strong results in the early order program while farmer economics are obviously pretty tight.
BrentNorwood: Yes. I think, Jerry, when you think about used, it is and we feel like we're used as in a really healthy place. We've done a lot of work; our dealers have done a ton of work pulling that down, and we're at -- you think about row crop which has been the one area that's been an area that we've needed to work on for quite a while. We're at levels we haven't seen since 2014 or below so it's come down; inventories come down and then on top of that we're seeing price stable to up on late model. So it's been really, really supportive of the overall environment.
CoryReed: Yes. This is Cory. The only other thing I would add if you just look at late model used and you take a look at what's going on in auctions; you look across the board, it's clear that the aging of the fleet has led to a need for new -- more new product to go into the market. We've seen very positive results not only in the levels of views that we have but the values that those used products are bringing in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is open,
JoelTiss: Hey, guys. How's it going? And can you just give us any more color on your sort of your product line reduction. And I know you're going to update us quarter-by-quarter, but I'm sure there's a bigger picture planned there. And can you give us an idea like what inning you're in or how far the way through? You're just beginning or are you halfway through or just any sense there. Thank you.
BrentNorwood: Yes. Joel, I'd say I mean I think from a where are we, I think, we're -- it's early. I think we're trying to take a methodical approach to this and really thinking about as we look what are the products where we can differentiate most and create the most value. And that includes how we leverage technology. So that's kind of the first component of that, and then just where do we have strategic fit with our overall business. So I think those are kind of two of the lenses we're using. And I'd say we're continuing to work through that.
RyanCampbell: Yes. And you'll see, this is Ryan. You'll see us take action throughout probably 2021 on this. And as we said, we'll update as we make decisions but Josh said kind of the areas that we can focus on the financial potential, ability for us to unlock value for our customers; those are the areas that we're going to refocus. It's not that we're going to turn our back on a lot of things. We'll take a look at those things and see how we can serve those customers in just a different way. So that's how we're thinking about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
AnnDuignan: Hi. Good morning. Can you just talk a little bit about the fundamentals in U.S agriculture in particular and the growing competition from South America? And is there any risk that as you make U.S farmers more and more productive that we end up with just a continuation of global supply outstripping global demands, which is where we are today on most of the crops? And just how you think about that but we are at a point where we have excess supply of all crops and just making farmers more productive means we continue to grow the supply as opposed to focusing on growing demand.
BrentNorwood: As we think about that we look at the fundamentals and I think it's important to kind of step back and look at what's happening big picture from a consumption perspective. What are the some of the macro events driving activity? I think what one thing that we've looked at and as China rebuilds their hog herd, for example, we're seeing consumption of soybeans and really consumption of other commodities too like corn growing and growing at a faster rate as that herd rebuilds as that is further commercialized. So I think fundamental backdrop what is happening from a consumption perspective is really, really important. Now as it relates to production; certainly, we've seen a heavy crop, strong crop this year and as you think about some of the coronavirus impacts as it relates to lower ethanol demand which has pulled some consumption of corn out in the near term. There are some of those impacts within the year, but I think what I'd say we're -- we continue to focus on is how can we work on what we can control, delivering technology that can drive outcomes for our customers whether that's through tighter use of inputs, higher yield and increase sustainability. We think we can create -- continue to create value and as it relates to U.S, Brazil, soybeans in particular; those two countries produce about more than two-thirds of the of the world soybeans. So there's -- those are the two key places to grow and we really like our position in both of those places to serve customers. Cory anything you'd add?
CoryReed: Yes, Ann, this is Cory. The only thing I would add is in a little more detail is that the technologies we're delivering apply equally to whether we're trying to grow output, so productivity or efficiency which is to grow the same with a lower cost and lower environmental footprint. The good news I think is that the long-term fundamentals remain the same population growth and our overall incomes over time being higher are going to drive that demand. We're 25 going into 26 years consecutive; so while we're going to have short term issues on over and under supply, our technologies that we're delivering scale appropriately either for production or for the efficiency of the crop. And I think that's what our customers are buying into in a time when commodity markets are tight. They're still buying the technology to lower their breakeven cost for producing the crop.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
JoeO'Dea: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Could you expand a little bit on the pricing experience in the quarter? The degree to which that came in better than you anticipated. What the drivers were there? Why we don't see a little bit more sustainability? And I think in particular and C&F have given more the demand challenges there and yet very strong pricing experience in the quarter.
BrentNorwood: Yes. As it relates to price, Joe, I mean I think one thing I'd say is on both divisions. We've really tried to maintain discipline and how we're managing price and how we're addressing our markets. I think what we've seen is really on both markets we were able to run with a little bit lower discounts in the quarter. We've had some benefits of just lower interest rates as it relates to low rate financing, which has helped and also in both divisions we saw stronger pricing from an overseas perspective which contributed in the quarter. So those are the things that we saw in the third quarter that led to the push-up price maybe a little bit higher than what we would have expected.
JoeO'Dea: And why that doesn't persist in the Q4?
BrentNorwood: Yes, I think some of its timing as it relates to the overseas price and then we've just got lower volume also when you think about the fourth quarter. So just we're expecting that not to be as strong as what we saw in the quarter.
Operator: Our question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your lane is open.
RossGilardi: Hey. Good morning. Thanks guys. I just wanted to -- I was wondering if I get a little more color on just your rationale for another round of employee separation in light of the industry demand trends that seem to be accelerating and obviously very strong margins in Ag and Turf in the quarter.
BrentNorwood: Yes. I mean I think as you think about what we're doing from an Ag perspective, I would decouple that a little bit from the kind of current market conditions. I mean I think that what we're doing from an organizational perspective is strategic in nature and really trying to align around the things that Cory talked about in kind of the key tenets or hallmarks of what we see in delivering the smart industrial strategy that we've outlined. And from a market conditions perspective, I'd say more of the work there has been really focused on inventory management and being positioned ourselves as best we can to exit this year given the uncertainty. And that's I think those would be -- that's the way that I think we frame that up. I think they're somewhat separate issues.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
AdamUhlman: Yes. Hi, guys. Good morning. I was hoping you could explain a little bit more on the construction equipment business. The decent amount of upside this year and demand from what you were looking for before. Could you just talk about your thoughts on housing, rental demand, non-res, construction and then just more broadly as I think about 2021 demand? How do you think about the average age of the fleet? I would assume that it's younger on average but perhaps utilizations been stronger than I would have thought. So maybe that's not the case. Could you just maybe unpack that a little bit more?
BrentNorwood: Yes. When you think about the construction and kind of the macro backdrop, I mean, I think we have seen housing coming back somewhat obviously starts in July we're I think surprised to the upside; so that's a good thing, I think when we look at what's going on there; rental has been slow as they pulled back. We saw a little bit of that come back in the quarter; so that's a good thing, but certainly something we're watching and the rental companies are managing that tightly as our dealers that have their own rental fleets. They're managing those inventories as well. When you think about the age of the construction fleet; so relatively young given the strong markets we've been through and on top of that we've -- you've had machines through the course of the spring and summer that haven't been operating, so not putting hours on them can be a bit of challenge as well. But, yes, so we think about that backdrop overall as continued uncertainty; as it relates to when do things really pick back up, non-res as you mentioned has been particularly weak; so we're mindful of that. I think the best thing that we can do is really manage inventory. We're going to take 20% to 25% of our field inventory out in North America. We think that puts us in a position to produce to retail in 2021. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
SethWeber: Hey, guys. Good morning. Hope you're doing well. Just wanted to circle back on the early order program for a second; you commented that up double digits year-over-year, but 2019 was obviously kind of a squishy year with the weather and stuff. Can you just talk about where you feel like it's at relative to say 2018 or more of a normal year? Thanks.
BrentNorwood: Yes, Seth, you're right. I mean we did see last year was an ideal with weather. I mean people were still planting well into the June time frame. I think as it relates to 2018 is probably closer to kind of flattish with that from a unit perspective, but maybe importantly given the technology and some of the things Cory mentioned; we're seeing the average kind of unit price of those machines is higher as a result of a greater adoption of technology.
CoryReed: Yes. I would say on the unit basis, it's pretty similar but what we are seeing are larger machines. We're trending toward larger, higher capacity machines and more technology intensive offerings. So you think about a higher average per machine going out the door.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
CourtneyYakavonis: Hi. Good morning, guys. I guess maybe I'm just curious about the build up to your 15% mid-cycle margin target especially with something like the additional voluntary separation program sounding like it's more structurally related to your reorganization. So do you see any upside to that and then and maybe, Josh, you mentioned a couple of the headwinds that might be coming through on the margin side in the fourth quarter as it relates to lapping over material cost and pricing being a little bit lighter. But can you also just help us think about maybe the puts and takes of margins in 2021 especially as we start to see maybe more of the work in synergies or some benefits from international footprint production? Thanks.
BrentNorwood: Courtney, I think when you think about 2021 I think important -- as you think about some of the one-time costs we've had this year as it relates to employee separation, some of these things that we expect to yield about $260 million run rate next year from a savings perspective. It's worth noting we expect in 2020 we see about $65 million of that in savings, but the full run rate on those would be about $260 million next year; so that's the biggest thing as you think about benefits that we would see in the upcoming year. I think the other pieces, some of the footprints some of those things we'll -- we should see some benefits as Ryan mentioned, we're continuing to work through that. So, we will potentially have actions down in the future that could impact that as well. But I think the biggest thing would be to think about that run rate from a savings perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
DavidRaso: On the puts and takes for the margin 2021 versus 2020, you just highlighted the $195 million incremental savings from the separation programs, but just so we have the list here; there were separation costs this year of about $350 million. Those don't repeat so that's the largest year-over-year, correct? And if we just go through the $37 million of impairment and factory closure costs this quarter; they also don't repeat, if you can clarify that. And the carryover of current pricing gains, if nothing changed at all; what's the carryover on the price? There's assuming there's a lot of tailwinds there but then the big headwind to ask is what was the number on discretionary cost savings this year that come back next year. So, if you can help us with that on the tailwinds versus the discretionary savings that don't repeat that do come back in 2021. 
BrentNorwood: Yes. Thanks David. So if we step back and say what are -- what were the one time costs that we incurred in 2020, so in separation, impairments exit, closures those sorts of things that's about $435 million; so that's the number of all-in costs that you saw in 2020 for the full year. As you think about kind of levers or costs that may come back, we've been really thoughtful as we pull levers and taking actions to really focus on what can we do structurally, but we certainly think there will be some discretionary costs or some cost that comes with whether it's volume or other things that come back in, but that's something we're going to try to manage really diligently. To put a number on it, it's way too early to try to project what that would be in 2021. But I think those are the two things. As it relates to price, I mean, I don't think there's a whole lot of -- a whole lot to read into price other than we're going to -- we expect to have strong price this year and as we think about price from a delivering value perspective. We're confident in the ability to be able to get price as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is open.
MigDobre: Yes. Thank you. I want to go back to construction if we can. And I'm trying to put the pieces together here on your revised outlook. It sounds to me like you haven't really changed your de-stocking assumptions for the year. Correct me if I'm wrong on that, [working] or rather the road building business seems to be a lot better than what you expected the last quarter. I mean my recollection is you thought that business was going to be down 25 and it's now apparently only going to be down 10. So, I'm curious as to what drove this change. And in your kind of base earth moving business in North America; I'm wondering how you're thinking about the end market demand because from what I could tell through the quarter things haven't really changed that dramatically from end market demand standpoint; obviously, you're seeing something different. So, I'm trying to understand that dynamic if we can. 
BrentNorwood: Mig. That's a -- it's a good question. I mean I think when you think about those two components like certainly on the road building side we saw that come through stronger than we expected as activity picks back up kind of coming out of a lot of lockdowns in different parts of the world, led probably by markets like China and in Europe was a little bit mixed but we saw some strength in some Western European markets. So, I think there is we just saw recovery happening faster and you're right and we thought that was down about 25; it ended up more like down around 10. I think on the construction side, North America in particular as we think about that business, yes, our outlook there from a revenue perspective maybe has gotten a little bit better. I think some of that was the uncertainty that we faced a quarter ago in terms of what exactly that going to look like. And I think you've also seen some things like housing that was mentioned a little bit earlier has been a little more stable, a little more positive than we would have expected a quarter ago when we -- if you go back and we saw housing starts below a 1 million. So, I think those are probably the biggest drivers that we've seen impacting and have changed our outlook there from a top line perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
JamieCook: Hi. Good morning. Most of the questions have been answered, but I guess just one question; obviously, you're seeing with fear in other industrial companies that the decremental margins this year given the challenges are proving much better than people would have expected. So, we get a lot of questions on does that sort of limit incremental margins? I mean as we come out of the downturn, so are there any structural reasons or changes in your cost structure or how you're thinking about things that would prevent Deere from putting up the same type of incrementals they've done historically while managing pretty good decrementals assuming the mix is there and the volume's there? Thanks.
BrentNorwood: Jamie, I wouldn't expect to see significantly different incrementals. I think we're confident in what we think we can do there as it relates to the margins, you think about what we're doing from a technology perspective and as we make some of these adjustments to our portfolio to those things certainly help as well when we think about overall margin.
Operator: Our last question comes from Stanley Elliott with Stifel. Your line is open.
StanleyElliott: Good morning, everyone. Thank you all for fitting me in. The commentary on the housing market and the shrink there; can you help us with what's happening within the -- on the forestry side of the business with that mark. It looks like it's being revised down at times, just trying to see if that's destocking, if there's something else going on there. Thanks.
BrentNorwood: Forestry, yes, when you look at forestry; yes, it's -- we've seen it weak globally. I think the markets where we've seen more weakness than U.S. and Canada and Russia, and Russia has really been driven by more Chinese and Asian demand. In the U.S., lumber prices have started to move up; you're seeing futures move up but mills have still been either closed or working through inventory that they had. So, I think as we look at lumber price in the futures moving up that's probably a positive sign, but we haven't seen that come through from a demand perspective as it relates to our customers yet. So, thanks for the question, Stanley. We're at the top of the hour. So, we appreciate all the interest and will be in touch and chat with everyone soon. Thanks a lot. Have a good weekend. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation. Participants you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-05-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Deere & Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. Hello. Good morning. Also on the call today are John May, Chairman and CEO; Ryan Campbell, Chief Financial Officer; Cory Reed, Ag & Turf Division President; and Brent Norwood, Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and current outlook for fiscal 2020. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note slides are available to complement the call this morning that can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including in the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. I'll now turn the call over to John May.
John May: Thanks, Josh. Good morning and welcome to John Deeres second quarter earnings call. Before discussing the details of the quarter, I'd like to begin the call with an overview of our response to COVID-19 and the near-term implications of the pandemic for our business. First off, I sincerely hope that you and your families are safe and healthy and well. These times are challenging for many people, and my thoughts are with those affected by COVID-19. Additionally, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude to those who are serving our communities, so that we can all overcome this pandemic. From the courageous medical professionals to those tirelessly working in industries essential to stability and recovery, such as the extraordinary colleagues at John Deere, and many of our customers, I want to say thank you. As John Deere has responded to COVID-19, our first priority has been and will always be the health, safety and overall welfare of our employees. It is only by protecting our workforce that we can ultimately deliver on our commitment to our customers and fulfill our role as an essential business, a designation we are both proud of and humbled by. Over the last two months, we have proactively implemented additional health and safety measures at our operations around the world. Importantly, many of these measures were taking on very early and ahead of regulations or official guidelines, these measures, such as employee health screening, additional personal protective equipment, social distancing guidelines, enhanced cleaning and sanitation efforts and staggered production schedules. By diligently pursuing health and safety measures, we not only help protect our workforce, but we also provide our employees with peace of mind, so that they feel secure coming to work. And consistent with our dedication to health and safety in our workforce, we also provided a number of additional benefits to encourage employees to take care of themselves and their loved ones without fear of financial harm. These additional benefits help support symptomatic employees or those deemed high-risk, while also supporting workers who are challenged by the lack of school or daycare options. During this time, our strong partnership with the UAW and other labor organizations across the globe has played a key role in helping us implement these measures, allowing us to answer the call as an essential business. I'm proud to report that substantially all of our global manufacturing base is running with exception of a few facilities operating at limited capacity, such as those in India. Our commitment to health, safety and well-being extends outside of our walls and into the communities our employees call home. For instance, John Deere is producing thousands of protective face shields to meet the immediate and ongoing needs of healthcare workers serving our communities. To this, we had our foundation support of our social safety nets in our home communities around the world, highlighted by our recent investments in food banks and their capacity. At the same time, we're also modifying our work to ensure that our customers and dealers can keep their operations running. Underlying Deere's designation by many governments as an essential business is the fundamental recognition of the role our customers play in securing our global food supply and vital infrastructure. One goal has been to maintain customer uptime. To do this, we kept new equipment shipments moving and parts depots operational around the world. This has been no small task, particularly in light of the economic complexities of the regulatory, economic and other barriers that have affected our supply chain. As it relates to our dealer channel, the vast majority are operating today and were able to maintain business safely throughout the last two months. Importantly, they've leveraged our e-commerce tools and connected support capabilities throughout the pandemic, allowing them to remotely service customers, machines and maintain appropriate social distancing. Ultimately, the measure that we've taken to ensure continuity of operations, have enabled our customers to carry out the essential work of promoting food security and providing critical infrastructure. While customers operations vary around the world, this is an especially critical time for those involved in agriculture. During the last two months, many of our customers have been planting or harvesting a crop and therefore have required continual support from John Deere and our dealers. Furthermore, John Deere Financial has continued providing financing to customers globally throughout this crisis, and has provided flexible terms to customers experiencing disruptions due to COVID-19. To best summarize our efforts over the last two months, we are protecting our employees who in turn help ensure that the essential operations of our customers keep running. And where our customers need even further support and financial assistance, John Deere Financial allows us to serve customers in ways that others cannot. In addition to the operational actions, we've also proactively managed our balance sheet and cost structure to ensure we're well-capitalized through this period of uncertainty. Over the years, we've built a business with a cost structure that can flex with movements up and down the cycle. So much of this is already in our DNA. In addition to that, we plan to make further structural improvements beyond the typical cost levers we pull throughout the cycle. Lastly, I'd like to revisit the strategy we laid out during our analyst event at CES in January. Regardless of COVID-19, all of the key elements of our strategy continue to direct our efforts. We continue to work on executing our priorities, which have proved more important now than ever. First, we are focusing on capital allocation, both investments in R&D and investments to the areas of greatest potential for differentiation and profitability, resulting in intensified precision ag investments, higher penetration in our aftermarket and retrofit business, and an increased emphasis on high performing product lines, while actively addressing any lower performing product line. Second, we are reorienting our organization design to create a business that is more customer-focused across the entire production system in order to better capitalize on the immense opportunity in front of us. As it relates to intensifying our precision ag business, the current environment highlights the importance of Deere's technology stack as a key differentiator in the market. We've been investing in machine connectivity and data platforms for nearly a decade. Having those foundational technologies in our installed base has enabled our connected machines metrics to increase significantly year-over-year, which has provided in some cases, triple digit growth in adoption of the services, like Remote Display Access, Service ADVISOR Remote and Expert Alerts. In light of the current circumstances, we see it as an obligation to continue investing in precision technologies that support customers and keep them running. We remain convinced of the value of creating a more agile organization to more nimbly respond to ever-changing market conditions. These organizational shifts will ensure our managers are empowered to make decisions and take action as required. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Brent Norwood to cover some of the details on the quarter. Brent?
Brent Norwood: Thanks, John. Now, let's take a closer look at our second quarter results, beginning on slide 5. Enterprise net sales and revenues were down 18% to $9.25 billion while net sales for our equipment operations were down 20% to $8.22 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was down 41% to $665.8 million or $2.11 per diluted share. In the quarter, the Company recorded impairments totaling $114 million pretax and approximately $105 million after-tax related to certain fixed assets, operating lease equipment, and a minority investment in a construction equipment company headquartered in South Africa. At this time, I'd like to welcome to the call Cory Reed, President of Ag & Turf for the Americas for a discussion of the divisions results. Cory?
Cory Reed: Thanks, Brent. Lets start with the worldwide Ag & Turf second quarter results on slide 6. Net sales were down 18% compared to last year, primarily driven by lower shipment volumes and the impact of currency translation, partially offset by positive price realization. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 1.5%, while currency translation was negative by 2%. Operating profit was $794 million, resulting in a 13.3% operating margin for the division. The year-over-year decrease is primarily due to lower shipment volumes, sales mix along with the unfavorable effects of foreign currency exchange. These factors were partially offset by price realization, lower selling, administrative and general expenses, reduced production costs and lower research and development expenses. Before reviewing our industry outlook, I'll first provide an update on the operational status of our facilities around the world, as well as some commentary on the regional dynamics impacting ag markets, starting on slide 7. In North America, nearly all Ag & Turf facilities remained operational during the second quarter. A few factories have experienced temporary production stoppages due to the supply-based disruptions. Although risk and uncertainty remain, we currently forecast to recover any delayed shipments throughout the balance of the year. For our large ag business, the remainder of our 2020 production schedule is largely backed by customer orders through either our early order programs or rolling order books. Specifically, order programs for combines and crop cares are completed, while large tractor order books extend into the fourth quarter, roughly 90% full. Right now, our North American customers are focused on planning and crop protection. Planted acres for soybeans are expected to rebound this year, while corn acres are forecasted at the highest level since 2012. Favorable spring weather has resulted in above average planning progress at this stage of the season and is running well ahead of last years severely impacted progress. Despite the recovery in planted acres, the current environment is weighing on farmer sentiment, as near-term demand for agricultural commodities remains uncertain. Recent shifts in the food supply chain combined with decreases in ethanol demand have contributed to the likelihood of elevated carryout levels for grain, which has weighed on commodity prices. The impact of the Phase 1 agreement with China remains an unknown variable at this time, since most agricultural exports to China from North America tend to occur around the harvest season. As a result, farmers are taking a wait and see approach on any anticipation of an uptick in exports. Despite the many unknowns and variables, large row crop farmers by and large have continued operations as normal. And on a positive note, key input costs such as fuel and fertilizer decreased, providing some offset to the decline in commodity prices. Dairy and livestock farmers on the other hand have seen greater degrees of short-term disruption due to lower milk and protein prices. Restaurant and school closures have shifted food consumption trends, creating an oversupply of some egg products in the near-term. Government aid directed towards these producers will help offset some of the recent effects but we expect this segment to remain challenged for the year. Regarding our consumer-oriented businesses in the U.S. Turf and utility sales have remained resilient, especially in the seasonally important month of April. With many U.S. consumers quarantined and together with favorable spring weather in North America, home and lawn projects have buoyed demand for products such as riding lawnmowers and compact utility tractors. While we've been encouraged by demand through April, it's important to note that demand is typically driven in part by the overall economic situation. And as a result, we've taken a more cautious outlook for the rest of the year. Shifting to South America. Farming conditions in Brazil have been favorable as the first crop is mostly harvested and expected to set a record for soybean production, despite some persistent dryness in the southern growing regions. Its second crop is also in overall good condition. Crop exports have been particularly strong while a sharp depreciation in the Brazilian real has posted and boosted margins for the industry. Despite the solid levels of profitability, farmers have remained cautious on further investment, due to the uncertainty caused by COVID-19, as well as possible implications stemming from the Phase 1 U.S.-China trade agreement. Moving on to Europe. Our ag facilities are largely operational after experiencing some short-term disruptions. This is due in large part to the amazing efforts of our team and what theyve put in place to both keep employees safe and keep operations running. As an example, at one facility, we entirely restructured our processes over the course of two days and were able to reopen immediately thereafter. We split production into two shifts, enhanced social distancing by workstation and procured additional personal protective equipment. Furthermore, we designed and trained employees on entirely new work protocols. These actions gave our employees the confidence to return to work. Within a week of establishing these new processes, our facility was operating near its original level of productivity. This is just one of many examples in the region, where we've taken extraordinary efforts to maintain operations in order to support our customers. While our facilities remain up and running, market conditions in Europe are mixed. Arable farmers are contending with the uncertainty of lower yields due to adverse weather and softening commodity prices impacted by the pandemic. Despite the uncertainty, conditions for arable farmers remain mostly stable, with weaker currency providing some support to the incomes. On the other hand, the dairy sector has experienced significant pressure as dairy prices have been negatively impacted by the closure of schools and restaurants, and the overall disruption to the food supply chain and near term changes in consumption. Conversely, pork margins remain strong as exports to China are at an all-time high. Lastly, in Asian markets, our operations have varied significantly by country. In China, our facilities are all open after experiencing closures in January and February. Meanwhile, our Indian facilities shut down from late-March through most of April and are operating at limited capacity today. Correspondingly, market conditions and sentiment vary country by country with key markets in India, China and Southeast Asia moderating due to uncertainty. Before reviewing our industry outlook, Id like to highlight a few themes observed throughout the quarter on slide 8 that reflect the value of our dealer channel and connected support capabilities. First, regarding our channel. Its important to note that substantially all of our dealers remained operational during the quarter and made full ability to service our customers. We've long viewed their overall financial health as a formidable competitive advantage in our industry. Financially, our North American ag channel came out of the last agricultural trough stronger than when they entered. Today, as they work through COVID-related challenges, our channel is starting from a position of strength and stands ready to serve an industry fleet advancing an age, while offering support on new technologies that deliver lower cost of operations and overall better outcomes. Because of consistent investments made by both Deere and our dealers, over the last 10 years, we're uniquely able to serve our customers in this challenging environment in a way that sets us apart from other industry players. The combination of dealer investments and service capabilities coupled with Deere's investment in critical precision ag infrastructure positioned us to meet customer needs throughout the pandemic. Since 2011, Deere's equipped large ag vehicles with connectivity capabilities standard in each machine. This basic connectivity was the first critical step on this long journey to enable the many precision tools customers rely on today. Features like the John Deere Operation Center, Service ADVISOR Remote, Expert Alerts and Remote Display Access are all part of a comprehensive precision ag infrastructure, weve been building out for a decade and important tools that feed our data and analytics capabilities. Just as importantly, our dealer channel already has the resources and infrastructure in place to actively utilize these tools and to serve our customers. Over the years, they've invested significantly in establishing their own technology departments and operation centers to better monitor and service customers machines. For example, over the last two years, our Brazilian channel established over 30 customer data operation centers dedicated to the full-time monitoring and support of customers operations. The value of these collective investments became more evident than ever over the course of the last few months. We've seen a significant increase in the use of our connected support tools, with total connected machines up 30% year-over-year, totaling over 200,000 ag machines worldwide. For some features such as Remote Display Access, we've seen adoption rates increase well over 100% since last year. The increase has been particularly encouraging in regions like Europe and Brazil. Not only have these tools allowed customers to practice social distancing guidelines, they've also decreased downtime and cost of their operations. So, while the recent environment has been challenging on many fronts, it's also confirmed to us that our strategy to intensify our precision investments while reshaping our organization to allow for greater degrees of agility and responsiveness is positioning us to deliver our customers a truly differentiated experience. With that context, let's turn to our 2020 Ag & Turf industry outlook on slide 9. We expect ag industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down roughly 10% for 2020, reflecting increased uncertainty in the U.S. and slightly more challenging conditions in Canada. Moving on to Europe, the industry outlook is forecasted to be down 5% to 10%, as a result of lower yields for arable farmers and a difficult market for dairy producers. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be down 10% to 15% for the year. Despite relatively positive fundamentals in Brazil, farmers have adopted a cautious stance due to COVID-related uncertainty and any potential shifts in global trade between the U.S. and China. Meanwhile, there remains an ongoing economic uncertainty in Argentina. Shifting to Asia, industry sales are expected to be down moderately as key growth markets like India slow due to countrywide lockdowns. Lastly, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be down 10% in 2020. Despite positive sales trends through the second quarter, we've taken a more cautious outlook on the rest of the year. Moving on to our Ag & Turf forecast on slide 10. Fiscal year 2020 sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are forecast to be down between 10% and 15%, which includes expectations of 2 points of positive price realization, offset by currency headwind of about 2 points. For the divisions operating margin, our full year forecast is ranging between 8.5% and 10%. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Brent Norwood to cover details on the quarter for Construction & Forestry division. Brent?
Brent Norwood: Now, let's focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 11. For the quarter net sales of $2.26 billion were down 25%, primarily due to lower shipment volumes and the impact of currency translation, partially offset by positive price realization. Operating profit moved lower year-over-year to $96 million, primarily due to lower shipment volumes and sales mix, impairments of an asphalt plant in Germany, and an unconsolidated equipment company headquartered in South Africa, and the unfavorable effects of foreign currency exchange, partially offset by lower production costs and price realization. Let's turn to our 2020 Construction & Forestry industry outlook on slide 12. Construction equipment industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are now forecast to be down between 20% and 30%, reflecting sharp declines in oil and gas activity, rental CapEx, as well as overall moderation in general economic activity during the second quarter. Moving on to global forestry. We now expect the industry to decline 15% to 20% this year with the U.S. and Canada markets declining more than the rest of the world as lumber and pulp prices soften in a North America. Moving to the C&F division outlook on slide 13. Deeres Construction & Forestry 2020 net sales are forecast to be down between 30% and 40% compared to last year. The incremental decline relative to the industry guidance reflects plans to under produce retail sales, as we take further actions to reduce field inventory. The order book remains within our historical 30 to 60-day replenishment window, but at a much reduced production schedule. Our net sales guidance for the year includes expectations of about 1 point of positive price realization and a currency headwind of about 2 points. For the divisions operating margin, our full year forecast is ranging between 2% and 4%. Let's move now to our financial services operations on slide 14. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company in the second quarter was $60 million, as a result of a higher provision for credit losses, unfavorable financing spreads and increased losses and impairments on lease residual values, primarily for construction equipment, partially offset by income earned on a higher average portfolio. For fiscal year 2020, net income forecast is now $490 million, which contemplates a tax rate between 24% and 26%. The provision for credit losses in 2020 is forecast at 37 basis points, reflecting a higher degree of uncertainty relative to last year. Slide 15 outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. Our full-year outlook for net income is now forecast to be in a range of $1.6 billion to $2 billion, with an effective tax rate projected to be between 22% and 24%. Cash flow from the equipment operations forecast is now in a range of $1.9 billion to $2.3 billion for 2020. I will now turn the call over to Ryan Campbell for closing comments. Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Before we respond to your questions, I'd first like to offer some thoughts on our liquidity position, cost management, financial forecast, and the status of our strategy we discussed at CES. First, I'd like to highlight some of the actions taken during March and April to enhance our liquidity and financial position. In mid-March, we stopped our share repurchases. In late-March and early April, we successfully executed two medium term note offerings. The first offering raised US$2.25 billion through the issuance of 5, 10 and 30-year notes. The second offering raised 2 billion through the issuance of 4, 8 and 12-year notes. Also in March, we successfully renewed our revolving credit facilities, totaling $8 billion, an increase of $200 million from our prior year renewal. These actions provide extra support for our overall liquidity profile in light of the continuing uncertainties, arising from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. They are also squarely in line with our use of cash priorities, which continue to serve us well through these challenging times. As a reminder, the priorities are to maintain our A rating, fully fund our operations, pay dividends to shareholders, and finally repurchase shares, when conditions warrant. As it relates to cost management, the year-to-date results reflect our strong heritage of managing performance throughout the business cycle. Given the speed of the recent downturn, we were able to maintain decremental margins below 25%, even including the costs associated with the voluntary separation program in our first and second quarters, and the impairment charges taken in our second quarter. The quick actions taken by employees at all levels, pulling costs and capital levers allowed us to achieve these strong results in this very challenging environment. Second, I want to provide some perspective on the $1.6 billion to $2 billion net income forecast that we are providing. It goes without saying, but I want to emphasize that we are still operating in a very uncertain environment, given the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. However, we thought it was important to provide some perspective on our current estimate of fiscal 2020 financial performance. Our forecast is driven by estimated industry performance, as well as our expected inventory positioning. Although all parts of our business have some level of demand uncertainty, certain products, like those subject to our early order programs operate on more of a sold ahead basis, and we have higher visibility to demand in those areas. Other products have lower levels of visibility, as they do not operate off early order programs and tend to be driven to a larger extent by general economic trends such as housing starts, the price of oil, levels of GDP and other factors. Our ranges attempt to reflect these dynamics. In addition, supply-related risks remain as our global supply base deals with the complexity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. While we have confidence in our supplier capabilities, they contend with uncertainties caused by the pandemic such as workforce availability, effectiveness and availability of transport carriers, and overall availability and pricing on materials. Uncertainty also remains with respect to our ability to maintain the level of operation required to support the production schedules we are currently forecasting. Although we have had good success to date, there are many different factors that can impact our production and other operations. First and foremost is the ability to provide a safe working environment for our employees. Our forecast attempts to reflect these and other risks. It provides our best estimate based on the factors that drive our performance as we see them as of today. The higher end of the range reflects our current expectation of demand and our ability to manage through the current environment with minimal disruption, while the lower end of the range would reflect lower order receipts, coupled with higher levels of manufacturing suspensions and distribution challenges. Given the complexity and uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic, actual performance could deviate from our range. Finally, I want to emphasize John's points on the strategic direction of the Company. CES seems like a long time ago, given everything that has happened over the last few months. However, managing through these difficult times leaves us even more convinced in the priorities we articulated at that time. We'll continue to allocate capital to the areas that have the highest potential for differentiation, like large and production system ag. Accordingly, as we have pulled levers to reduce costs in this environment, we have protected the investment in these areas, as they will be a significant driver of our future performance. We'll aggressively drive growth in our aftermarket parts and retrofit business, and we will drive more efficiency in our cost structure in order to move with enhanced speed and agility, unlocking the full potential of our talented employee base.
Josh Jepsen: Now, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the calling procedure. In consideration of others, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning, and glad to hear everyone's well. I guess, just my first question, can you just address -- you talked in the quarter about taking additional -- or looking at structural costs. Can you talk about sort of the items that you're contemplating, and what that could potentially mean, if any for savings in 2021? And then, just a follow-up on that. Are there any costs associated with restructuring implied in your net income guide? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jamie. I'll start. As we think about cost actions that we've taken, we had the voluntary separation program that we executed in the first quarter. We're seeing savings on that throughout the remainder of 2020. And on top of that, as we talked about, we pulled levers. We reduced SA&G full year, we expect it to be down about 11%. We've been more targeted or surgical with what we've done on R&D. And then, we also see some things like incentive comp, that's a bit of an automatic lever as we shift up and down the business.  So, those are the things that would be contemplated in our guide. As it relates to further actions, we don't have anything in this forecast today.
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Jamie, it's Ryan. Id point you back to CES and our talking points there. We're still executing against that strategy. And we set about one point of structural cost improvement, our structural improvement in our margins will come from cost. So, weve got the voluntary separation programs, we did in '19 and '20, the full year run rate on those, its about $120 million. We talked about the vertical - in synergies of about 125 million, that would leave us about 100 million plus remaining of actions related to cost efficiencies, looking at footprint, looking at organizational design. We'll make those decisions over the next several months. And we'll update as those decisions get made.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. 
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. I'm wondering if you can talk about precision ag. So, we're hearing from the field that adoption rates have actually been ahead of expectations for a lot of folks on RTK and precision planting. Can you talk about what your take rates for those products are looking like, for this season, and if you could update us on the aftermarket ExactEmerge kits?
Josh Jepsen: I'll start, Jerry. I think, when we look at precision ag, I think we're continuing to see strong adoption. Cory made reference to our connected machines, over 201,000 connected machines, engaged acres now over 190 million engaged acres. And those are the -- if you think about, those are the things that are driving -- the underlying tools that are executing on that, we're continuing to see strong adoption of things like ExactEmerge, and planting progress. This year, obviously, weather's been conducive, but we're seeing significant improvements in what we've done there. And things like Combine Advisor and some of the things that we talked about in the past all continue to be strong. I think today what we're seeing, and Cory can add some context here, just what we're seeing on the aftermarket side, and the ability to deliver a customer experience to customers that is somewhat unmatched in particularly an environment like this. 
Cory Reed: Yes. Jerry, I would start with -- we made a couple of comments about the core infrastructure. The ability to connect out to each of these machines, both at the individual vehicle level and at the system level, has allowed us to keep customers up and running. I'll give you an example of planting. We had a customer who had hooked this planter up wrong, had individual hydraulic down force on his planter. We're now getting digital connections between those planters back to our dealers who are able to diagnose those machines down to the individual row unit without having to be in the field looking at the problem. Were able to proactively see that alert come through, alert the customer when they were starting planting that it wasn't planting appropriately, and be able to turn that into a fix that allows that customer's crops be planted correctly and preserve their revenue. That's one of a thousand of these examples. On the aftermarket side, it's been incredible to see how the digital infrastructure has allowed us to see machine failures, be able to connect with customers through digital portals, be able to seamlessly continue aftermarket connections back to the dealership in a way that allows us to deliver parts without ever having a face to face transaction. So, that's just a decade of putting the infrastructure in place. This allowed our customers and dealers to now take that infrastructure and turn it into a tremendous experience for them in a difficult time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashish Gupta with Stephens.
Ashish Gupta: Just following up on aftermarket. Have you guys sort of seen a pickup in aftermarket sales in the quarter, beyond what you would have expected, just being driven by the connect machines? And based on what you're seeing so far, relative to the goals you have for the long-term guidance increasing aftermarket, youre kind of getting -- seems like you're getting an increased level of confidence in your ability to sort of achieve that aftermarket target.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think, certainly, we're early days on some of these initiatives. But, I think we've seen good progress. I mean, the digital tools and being able to diagnose these things and do it proactively has definitely helped this year. We're planting earlier than we did last year. So, that plays some role into it. But we have seen an uptick, particularly in North American ag parts in the early part of the year. So, that's been positive. But we've also -- dealers have also done a lot of work in addition to our parts organization to support that.
Cory Reed: Yes. I think, we have a couple of things -- this is Cory. We have a couple of things going on. Number one, we have an aging fleet. We've been down in new volumes over a number of years, so as the fleet ages, the opportunity for that aftermarket potential. If you look back four or five, six years ago, some of the highest machine populations we put in that aftermarket opportunity is huge. We put an infrastructure in place to be able to connect to those machines, to keep our customers up and running and we put systems in place at our dealers that allow them to transact in an e-commerce way that differentiates them in the market. So, a couple of points there. Obviously, there's an opportunity for us to both upgrade their equipment through performance upgrades, things that we can take back across their fleet, and also the opportunity to trade them into new equipment over time. That aging fleet gives benefits in a number of ways. The connections that our dealers have been able to make using e-commerce, using their dealer customer portals is a differentiator for them today, and they've continued to grow their aftermarket business as a result of it.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Maybe one last thing to add on top of that, just from a digital tool perspective, a lot of our dealers have done a lot of work with online showrooms, virtual machine walk-around, and we've seen significant opportunities there of our dealers differentiating their offering, and maybe in particular, in Brazil, where we've seen just a lot of great activity relative to how do we support and sell in a different environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis: I appreciate the color you guys gave on some of the structural costs that you're addressing. But, I think last quarter, you talked about some costs, whether it was elevated freight or maybe some costs associated with social distancing that might be weighing on your margins going forward. Can you just kind of break out for us, if there's anything that we should be expecting, kind of as you guys are returning back to normal volume that will weigh on margins?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean, when you think about, particularly what we've got included in our forecast, last quarter, we talked about premium freight being one of the biggest items. So, we continue to expect that full year. On the ag side, for example, we expect about $50 million of premium freight, as supply bases come back online, and we're working to get those parts and components into our facilities. So, that would be one of the bigger ones. On top of that, it's harder to quantify some of the disruption or to your point, social distancing or additional PP&E to keep folks safe. So, there are other costs relative to operating in this environment, as well as just some of the inefficiencies relative to disruption.  So, we have some of those really in both divisions. But, if you think about from an Ag & Turf perspective, even with those costs, we're talking about for the full year decrementals in the upper-teens to low-20s. So, feel really good about the ability to execute there in the uncertain environment.
Courtney Yakavonis: Okay, great. And then, you also had mentioned the replacement schedule and that some of the sales this year were locked in from your early order program. So, when thinking about next year, can you just comment on the willingness of farmers to replace their equipment, given where commodity prices are today, and any impacts that some of the government aid programs that we're seeing come through could impact those decisions?
Cory Reed: Sure. This is Cory. I think, no doubt that there's uncertainty created by what's happened with the pandemic. I think, the big factors are thinking about what the demand will look like from U.S.-China trade deal. It's certainly the case that our fleet is aging. So, if you look at the availability to take technology and upgrade both the performance of the machine and the profitability of the farmers operations, we really have two ways of doing that. We can take those technologies back across the existing fleet to performance upgrades, or we can trade those farmers going forward into new technology. I think, the demand side of that is yet to be determined going into 2021, because there's a lot of interruptions, certainly the government programs. If you look at what they've done, they've done a leveling effect that's helped customers both maintain their profitability throughout this year. The insurance programs have given them a level of certainty as to where their incomes will be. As we look to 2021, we'll look to the general economy and look to how trade continues through the remainder of the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: Hey. Good morning, everyone. So, my question is on construction. And there's a pretty substantial dealer destock implied in the gap between your market and your own revenues. And my question is did dealer inventory kind of trend the way you wanted over the cycle, or did rental fleets or something else get out of hand? As an output of that, is it going to bounce back when the market comes back, or would you rather have a more streamlined dealer inventory? And then, just a small one, how come we didn't, or you didn't rather cut construction a little bit more in 2Q versus 3Q, 4Q implied? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Rob. I mean, I think as you think about construction inventories and really in particular talking about North American construction equipment, we entered the year 1Q, we talked about under-producing. We will under produce and will under produce more than we expected to coming into this quarter. I think, how much did it come down in 2Q versus expectations? I mean the speed at which the deceleration occurred was candidly just faster than we would have expected. And we're taking actions there to pull back there. And as I mentioned, we'll under produce and try to manage those accordingly. Maybe to the other part of your question, a little bit of the phenomenon how we saw those inventories evolve. I mean, I think it's a combination of managing new fresh inventory in the dealer channel, as well as dealer owned rental fleet. So, there's combination when we think about total dealer inventory, it's really two pieces in trying to manage the combination of those two. And certainly, on the production side as we under produce, we can pull back the new factor, and then, the dealers will work through those -- converting those rental machines into sale. So it's really a balance of managing both components of those inventories.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fisher with UBS. Your line is open.
Steve Fisher: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I just wanted to follow up on the margins and specifically in construction, could you just talk about what you have assumed for the second half of the year, assuming it implies around 1% margin? So, you -- assuming that you're profitable in both quarters or more profitable in one quarter and losing money in the next and then as you think beyond sort of 2020, how quickly could the margins come back there? And what does it really require, is it is sort of the neutralizing of oil and gas, is it something more on the merchant side, the synergies? Those are the questions. Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: I mean, I think when we think about the back half of the year for C&F, I mean, as mentioned, the biggest driver is volume and the under-production that we're doing in the back half of the year. So, that has pretty significant impact. And I think, we think about road building, road building for the full year, we expect to be down about 25%. So, that's a pretty significant reduction as well on a business that drives pretty strong margin performance as well. I think, as we look at overall though, maybe to your point, to your question, we'd expect that we're positive for the -- in the back half of the year. So, no major shifts. 
Steve Fisher: But, it's positive in both quarters, profitable in both quarters?
Josh Jepsen: That's right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research.
Joe O'Dea: A question on the Ag & Turf margin guidance, with the midpoint calling for back half of the year revenue declines, similar to what we saw in the first half of the year, but implying decremental margins in the mid-20% range versus low teens in the first half of the year. And so, what you're seeing to drive some of that difference in the decremental margin performance on similar revenue trends?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think, when you think about back half, I mean, there's a few things, couple that I mentioned, I think in Courtney's question, but, so we do have some of these incremental COVID related costs. So, premium freight, some of the inefficiencies just relative to disruption in the operations and other COVID related costs. And then, FX has turned pretty negatively, as you saw, significant deterioration versus $1 on a number of currencies, but, in particular, the Brazilian real. Obviously, that's -- that was occurring in March. So, you see more of that impact in the back half of the year. And then, from a volume perspective, we do expect the back half to be down a little bit more than what we experienced in the first half of the year.
Joe O'Dea: And specifically on mix, it looks like mix was a headwind in the quarter. But as we think about large ag that could be more stable relative to small ag, think about the aftermarket trends that you've been discussing, do you think about mix as being a tailwind in the back half of the year?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Full year, we expect mix is favorable and it's been relatively neutral kind of through the first half of the year. So, that's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Maybe just sort of a bigger picture, a longer term question. I think, some people I was speaking with were sort of surprised because Cory, you laid out a bunch of headwinds in the ag space relative to very large plantings and lower crop prices and demand questions and so forth. So, I think, it's all surprising that your forecast isn't down a little bit more for the industry. So, I guess I'm curious, are we just low enough that we're at an area where we'll continue to see some replacement almost no matter what? Traditionally, we haven't really viewed government funding as something that farmers will spend on equipment, but maybe we're at a low enough area where that does happen now. I guess I'm just trying to figure out how youre thinking about this from a little bit longer term perspective, as we get into next year perhaps. Sorry for the long question.
John May: No. I think, you covered -- I think, you answered part of it that we're at some pretty low levels overall. And we have a fleet thats sitting as old as it's been and probably a decade or a decade and a half, which means, one of the things that you see is the technology is available today given opportunity for customers to lower their cost structure. In an environment where overall demand is the question, the thing that customers can do is invest to make sure they have the lowest cost of production of anyone in the market. So, we see technology being driven across those acres. So, old machine fleet, the ability to take products and technologies that we've delivered like ExactEmerge that's still relatively young in the market. If you look at total acres planted, but we'll continue to grow, like our ExactApply and later our See & Spray technologies. We have the ability to change the cost structure on each acre. And if you take an aging fleet and you can change the cost structure, you have the ability to generate the sales. I think, our customers on the customer side, their incomes have been buffered by the programs that remain to be seen is overall demand for commodities and ultimately how trade works between the regions going forward.
Cory Reed: Yes. One other phenomenon that we talked about is our units -- with replacement kind of getting pushed out with trade and then COVID, our units have been flattish and at a lower level, but we continue to grow the per unit sales in the business as customers continue to buy higher spec, more productive machines. And so, thats a phenomenon that gives us a little more confidence that even if industry is maybe a little bit challenged, we're going to be able to outperform given our value proposition and given our customers propensity to continue to upgrade and purchase our latest and most productive equipment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Tim Thein: Maybe just to circle back, Cory for you on your comments on the order board in Waterloo, I think you said into the fourth quarter, I think, you're doing some movement or transitioning with the eight-hour [ph] with that line. So, I'm just curious, taking that into account, obviously that -- those swaps can be impacted by production rate. So, I'm just trying to I guess get a better understanding for what that actually means, in terms of where were you at this point last year and is there any impact there in terms of potentially the actual build rates, have they come down at all or have been changed? So, that's a question.
Josh Jepsen: It's Josh. I'll start. I mean, I think, when you look at Waterloo, as Cory mentioned, 90% of the year ordered out. We've got eight-hours [ph] availability is into September, into kind of mid to late-September. So, we continue to move forward there. So, I think that's a positive. Obviously now we're building the new machines as we go forward. We did see some disruption on the supply side. So, we spent a few weeks down as we were going through some supply challenges. And as a result, that's impacted a little bit of what we've been able to do in May. But as Cory mentioned, we're confident in the ability to catch up there and are back up and running building tractors today.
Cory Reed: Yes. The only other thing I would add is what that transition was taking place at the end of the second quarter. We're now building a product that's outstanding. From a customer perspective as it's hitting the market, our customers have responded very favorably to it. So, while we obviously have our current order book largely filled, we're very pleased with the performance of the new machine as it's hitting the market. And it contains a lot of game-changing technology as we move forward into '21 and beyond.
Tim Thein: Got it. And Cory, just a reminder, how much output typically gets exported from Waterloo these days?
Cory Reed: It varies year-to-year. So, if you think about exports from Waterloo though, it predominantly would be Europe and in some other parts of the world, think like Oceania, Australia, New Zealand. But, those would be some of the biggest ones with Brazil now producing for themselves.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore. Your line is open. 
David Raso: Hi. Good morning. The revenue growth for the second half of the year in Ag & Turf, that decline being same as the first half? I'm just trying to put that in better context. Can you help us with second half of last year, your high horsepower, if I remember correctly was under producing retail? What will the production be in the back half of this year versus retail for Ag & Turf? Just so we get some sense of that swing from under production to, I'm assuming from these numbers, less under production? And then, second, if you can help just quantify the order book today, where is it versus a year ago? Because when you say it's out through September, that just simply depends. It can be out certain amount of months based off of whatever the line rate is. We're just trying to get a sense of that down 12.5%, how much is a swing from underproduction to less underproduction or maybe even producing in line? And also some sense of the backlog including maybe color on the new product and be helping that backlog more than the industry. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean, I think as it relates to Waterloo -- maybe starting ag in total. The back half -- we expect back half volumes to be down a little bit more than the first half, so not equally matched. So, down a little bit in the back half. As it relates to Waterloo, when you think about large or high horsepower row-crop tractors, we're going to be in line effectively for the year in terms of production relative to retail. So, not huge shift... 
David Raso: Second half
Josh Jepsen: Just to be clear, I'm speaking just on the second half. Will production be in line with retail for high horsepower in the second half of the year versus just to remind of the comp it's going against the year ago, production versus retail, second half versus second half.
Ryan Campbell: David, its Ryan. I think what you're getting to basically what's the year-over-year. And so, a couple of different factors that you have to think about. One is the industry were projecting to be down. But you point out correctly that we under-produced last year. So, we under-produced last year, industrys down. So, we'll produce for the full year this year roughly in line. So, production at some of our larger facilities is a little bit higher. As Josh talked about, our mix gets a little bit better this year. But one thing you need to think about is that's offset by a really weak currency environment. So, most of our currencies that we sell in outside the U.S. dollar, weakened significantly. So, that offsets some of that.
David Raso: Okay. And the new product helped to the backlog. And again, if you can just help us some way to quantify where is your backlog today versus a year ago?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean, I think, it probably hasnt changed significantly from where weve been a quarter ago just because of the
David Raso: A year ago at the same time. Im asking year-over-year. I apologize for not being clear. The backlog today versus this time last year, Im sorry, year-over-year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Our orders in Waterloo were up about 10% year-over-year.
David Raso: Okay. That's a lot easier on the guide then. Thank you so much. I really appreciate the time.
Operator: Our last question comes from Andy Casey, Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Casey: Just a question on how you would like us to look at the upcoming early order programs in Ag & Turf? I mean outside of last year, order placements have been waited to the early part of those programs. But with all the uncertainty you have outlined in the market, should we expect farmers are going to continue to wait and see? And therefore, should we expect looking at channel checks and whatever, that the orders are probably going to be skewed towards the tail end when presumably visibility improves?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. It's a great question, Andy. And we'll kick off Crop Care piece here in early June. So, I think as you rightly note, lots of questions and plenty of uncertainty from a customer perspective. So, I think we'll have to see how they play out.
John May: Yes. I think it's early order programs will be a good indicator. Generally we get majority of the order by phase in the later parts of the phase any way. So, it's our expectation as we won't know at the beginning of those early order programs, we usually have pretty good gates that we go through relative to the phases as the last week of those phases generally give us a good indicator of what demand is going to look like.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Andy. Well, thanks everyone. With that, we'll wrap up the call. We appreciate the interest. And we'll talk to you all soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Deere & Company First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Hello, good morning. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, our Chief Financial Officer; and Brent Norwood, Manager of Investor Communications. Today, well take a closer look at Deeres first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and current outlook for fiscal 2020. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning and can be accessed at our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. Brent?
Brent Norwood: John Deere completed the first quarter with a solid performance and sees early signs of stabilization for the U.S. Ag industry. That's been improved as some progress was made addressing market access for U.S. farmers through the passage of USMCA, and the phase 1 trade agreement with China. Meanwhile, markets such as Brazil got off to a slower start, even as underlying fundamentals and farm production remains high. At the same time, markets for our Construction and Forestry division slowed, dampening results as the division takes actions to manage inventory levels and adjust to lower levels of demand. Now, let's take a closer look at our first quarter results beginning on Slide 3. Enterprise net sales and revenues were down 4% to about $7.6 billion, while net sales for our equipment operations were down 6% to about $6.5 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was up 4% to $517 million, or $1.63 per diluted share. The results included a pretax expense of $127 million relating to the voluntary employee separation program conducted during the quarter. Moving on to review of our individual businesses, we will first start with agriculture and turf on Slide 4. Net sales were down 4% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, primarily driven by lower shipment volumes and the impact of currency translation, partially offset by positive price realization. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 3 points, while currency translation was negative by a point. Operating profit was $373 million, resulting in an 8.3% operating margin for the division. The year-over-year increase was primarily due to positive price realization and lower production costs, partially offset by lower volume as well as a $78 million charge relating to the voluntary employee separation program. Before reviewing our industry outlook, we'll first provide commentary on the regional dynamics impacting Ag markets and Deere operations around the globe. Starting on Slide 5, in the U.S. farmers' sentiment began to show early signs of stabilization during the quarter, as uncertainty surrounding market access abated with the passage of USMCA and the signing of the phase 1 trade agreement with China. Additionally, U.S. farm cash receipts are expected to increase in 2020, aided in part, by the recently announced the third tranche of market facilitation payments, which totaled $3.6 billion, further enhancing farmer liquidity. While market access certainly has improved sentiment, farmers will likely remain cautious until Ag exports to China begin to flow. Given the seasonality for soybean demand, exports ports to China are unlikely to increase significantly until harvest season. As a result, we do not expect significant changes in the replacement cycle during fiscal year 2020. Furthermore, at this point in the year, many of our large Ag products are already sold ahead, via early order programs that have now closed. Despite limited changes to the current replacement cycle, we were encouraged by the results of the final two phases of our combine early order program. After a slow start, this stronger finish resulted in overall program orders ending up low-single digits in the U.S., while down double digits in Canada. In total, the program ended down a high single digit on a unit basis, but down just a low single digit on a revenue basis due to price increases. Meanwhile, our tractor order book for fiscal year 2020 is healthy, with a strong sold ahead position indicating a positive reception to our newly redesigned 8R, featuring an industry first fully integrated four track option for a rigid frame row crop tractor. The strong order book reflects in part, measures we took, during 2019 to manage field inventory, allowing us to produce in line with retail sales in 2020, which is currently still our plan. Moreover, the actions we took in 2019, resulted in desirable field inventory to sales ratios, that are significantly below the rest of the industry. And we'll continue to manage new equipment inventory tightly throughout the year. Meanwhile, large Ag used inventory levels are in their healthiest position in years, which is supportive of a stable price environment for used equipment. In contrast to the U.S., our field inventories, though considerably lower than last year, remain elevated in Canada. This is due to challenging industry conditions, namely existing trade barriers on Canadian canola and a declining exchange rate. Net farm income is expected to increase this year, but will still be below long-term averages. As a result, we don't see much change on the equipment replacement cycle in 2020, and we will focus on continuing to reduce our field inventory, so that, we can more closely match production to retail sales in 2021. Shifting to South America and Europe on Slide 6, record soybean production and favorable exchange rates continue to drive very favorable producer margins in Brazil this year. These healthy soybean dynamics, coupled with an improving outlook for sugar prices have improved overall fundamentals for the country in 2020. Despite these sound fundamentals, farmers are somewhat cautious regarding equipment investment, as the impact of shifting trade dynamics have yet to be determined. Brazilian farmers were also anticipating further clarity and possibly better terms on government sponsored financing for farm equipment, which contributed to lower retail sales at the end of 2019 and lower shipments through the beginning of 2020. On that note, in late January, the government announced a new financing program that will begin the transition to unsubsidized market base rates for Ag equipment. This development should provide greater clarity on funding options for farmers and potentially support stronger equipment sales, for the second half of the year. Meanwhile, sentiment in Argentina remained subdued as farmers adjust to higher export taxes on corn and soybeans. On a positive note, this year's crop is very strong, and margins are expected to be positive even in the face of higher taxes. Moving on to Europe, even though, results, for winter crop conditions have been mixed, overall Ag fundamentals have mostly improved year-over-year, as the north region is recovering from last year's drought. Margins in dairy and livestock remained supportive, while wheat prices continue above breakeven levels. But, despite the modest improvement in fundamentals, sentiment does remain soft. Concerning Deere's operations within Europe, we continue to drive greater degrees of optimization and focus to our business. Over the last few months, we've began work on rationalizing the operations of our sales branches and shifting more resources to our frontline selling efforts. We are also concentrating our product portfolio towards large Ag, with a deeper focus on precision technologies. And we're accelerating the implementation, of our Dealer of Tomorrow strategy in the region, more closely, to what we have done in North America to ensure our channel is appropriately scaled and optimized in order to deliver and support higher degrees of technology in the coming years. With that context, let's turn to our 2020, Ag and turf industry outlook on Slide 7. Unchanged from last quarter, we expect Ag industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down about 5% for 2020, reflecting a stable environment in the U.S. offset by more challenging conditions in Canada. Moving on to Europe, the industry outlook is forecast to be flat in 2020, as most regions impacted from last year's drought are expected to recover, with favorable production for the year. Furthermore, the outlook for the dairy sector remains stable. In South America, industry, sales of tractors and combines are projected to be flat for the year. Fundamentals in Brazil remain positive, as a result of high levels of grain production combined with healthy producer margins and restored liquidity in the financing market. However, other Latin American markets, like Mexico and to a greater extent Argentina, faced near-term challenges due to the potential for adverse policy impacting the Ag sector. Shifting to Asia, industry sales are expected to be flat, with growth in India offset by slowness in China. Lastly, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat in 2020, based on stable general economic factors. Moving on to our Ag and turf forecasts on Slide 8, fiscal year 2020 sales of worldwide Ag and turf equipment are still forecasted to be down between 5% to 10%, which includes expectations of 2 points of positive price realization and a currency headwind of about a point. It's important to note, that our sales forecast continues to contemplate producing below retail demand for small tractors in 2020. For the division operating margin, our full year forecast is ranging between 10.5% and 11.5%, unchanged from last quarter. Additionally, when modeling the full year, keep in mind, that some of our large Ag production schedules include lower shipment volumes in the second quarter, due to factory changeovers resulting from the introduction of the new 8R Series tractor and a limited production build, of the new X series combines. Now, let's focus on construction and forestry on Slide 9. For the quarter, net sales of about $2.044 billion were down 10% primarily due to lower shipment volumes and the impact of currency translation, partially offset by positive price realization. Operating profit moved lower year-over-year to $93 million, primarily due to lower shipment volumes as well as $24 million in expenses relating to the voluntary employee separation program. On the positive, price realization and currency benefited profit for the quarter. Let's turn to our 2020 construction and forestry industry outlook on Slide 10. Construction equipment industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are forecast to be down between 5% to 10%, reflecting mixed economic indicators and elevated levels of field inventory. For the year, employment, GDP and housing starts all remain stable drivers of demand, while oil and gas CapEx and rental CapEx are mostly down year-over-year. Moving on to global forestry, we now expect the industry to decline 5% to 10% this year, with the U.S. and Canada markets declining more than the rest of the world, as lumber and pulp prices soften in North America. Moving to the C&F outlook on Slide 11, Deere's construction and forestry 2020 sales are still forecast to be down between 10% to 15% compared to last year. The year-over-year decline is driven mostly by a mid-single digit under production to retail construction equipment volumes, compared to the building of inventory in 2019. The order book remains within our historical 30 to 60 day replenishment window, and is consistent with our outlook. Our net sales guidance for the year, includes expectations of about 1 point of positive price realization and a currency headwind of about 1 point. For the division's operating margin, our full year forecast is ranging between 9.5% to 10.5%, unchanged from last quarter. Let's move now to our financial services operations on Slide 12. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $137 million in the first quarter. For fiscal year 2020, net income forecast remains $600 million, which contemplates a tax rate between 24% and 26%. The provision for credit losses in 2020 is forecast at 18 basis points, reflecting a high degree of credit quality within our current portfolio. Slide 13, outlines our guidance for net income, our effective tax rate and operating cash flow. Before reviewing the components of our guidance, it's worth noting that we are monitoring the coronavirus situation and working closely with the Chinese provincial authorities, primarily focused on the wellbeing of our employees and a safe return to production. In terms of overall exposure, the biggest potential impacted Deere is in relation to the supply base that serves our international operations. The situation remains fluid, and we're working closely with our suppliers and logistics providers. Our full year outlook for net income remains unchanged and is forecast to be in a range of $2.7 billion to $3.1 billion, with an effective tax rate projected to be between 22% to 24%. Cash flow from the equipment operations forecast is also unchanged and expected to be in a range of $3.1 billion to $3.5 billion in 2020. The guidance reflects a potential $300 million voluntary contribution to our OPEB plan. I'll now turn the call over to Ryan Campbell, for closing comments. Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Before we respond to your questions, I'd first like to offer some thoughts on current market conditions in Ag, and revisit some of the key initiatives we have underway in 2020. After a year of uncertainty in 2019, we're encouraged by early signs of stabilization evident in the beginning of 2020. We view the signing of the phase 1 trade agreement with China and the passage of USMCA as important first steps for removing some of the uncertainty that has weighed on producer sentiment over the last year. Continued positive sentiment will be dependent in part, upon a pickup and U.S. exports of agricultural goods to China. Over the last quarter, we were pleased with the conclusion of our combine early order program and the progress made, on our large tractor order book. As Brent noted, orders for our combine program ended up in the U.S. We are finding that despite, periods of high uncertainty, customers continue to invest in products and services that drive economic value. Customers are increasingly opting for solutions that offer the highest levels of productivity, driving a better outcome for their operations, and higher average selling prices for us. We view this as evidence, that we can drive growth and our financial results even in periods, when the number of units we sell is flat to slightly down. Now, shifting our focus to 2020 and beyond, recently discussed, some key initiatives to help us better execute our strategy. During our CES Analyst Day, John May, laid out his priorities as CEO. Our first priority is to refocus our capital allocation on investments that one, intensify our precision Ag leadership. Two, expand our aftermarket and retrofit business. And three, increase our emphasis on products and markets that have the greatest opportunity for differentiation. Our second priority involves reorienting our cost structure, including both our organizational design and footprint to create a more agile company, to best capitalize on the significant opportunity in front of us. To that end, we conducted a voluntary separation program during the first quarter, as a step towards achieving greater degrees of agility. Over the course of the year, well pursue additional opportunities pertaining to our overseas footprint and organizational design. We believe the resulting organization will be more efficient and better equipped, to respond to dynamic market conditions. As we have indicated, we will provide updates on these initiatives during our quarterly earnings calls, as decisions are made.
Brent Norwood: Now, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Caroline?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, good morning everyone. Ryan, I'm wondering if you could just expand on your last comment in terms of organizational structure and the opportunity set from realignment. Correct me if I'm wrong. I think you folks are set up as a matrix organizational structure with very heavy emphasis on shared services. And so when we've seen these transitions in the past, towards direct regional responsibility, there has been really significant benefit at the margin line pretty quickly. So how should we think about your transition here as an organization compared to what we've seen from others that have had similar transition from matrix to regional responsibilities that you outlined here?
Ryan Campbell: Yes, Jerry, thanks for that question. We're still going through the analysis of what it might look like. And what I would point to is, now when we talked to CES and we talked about our bridge from mid-cycle margins from 12.5% to 15%, we said about 1% would come from cost structure. Certainly, the voluntary separation program that we just executed is a component of that, the Wirtgen synergies is a component of that. And then the footprint and kind of the recharacterization of the organizational design will be the rest of that. And so if you think about 1 point would be over $300 million, we took about - well get about $120 million in savings from the voluntary separations programs, we did in 2019 and 2020. The Wirtgen synergy is 125 million, you get about a similar amount for the rest of it. So, we're early at, we'll talk as we make those decisions, but thats how we would characterize it at this point.
Jerry Revich: And Ryan, the ultimate opportunity set, could it be bigger than that? I guess, when we've seen these changes in the past, we've seen something closer 200 basis points to 300 basis points of margin improvement. Is that what your benchmarking shows, or is it too soon to talk about numbers of that size until we're further along?
Ryan Campbell: I would say, too soon to talk about that. We'd still point you to the numbers that we talked about to get us to 15%. As we get through it, we'll certainly provide updates on our quarterly calls.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning everyone. You touched on seasonality of China purchasing of U.S. Ag commodities, but as we think about getting into the fall and post the phase 1 agreement. How are you thinking about that level of activity, whether that should return to a pre-trade dispute type of purchasing, whether it'll be stronger than just based on your evaluation of the phase 1 agreement?
Ryan Campbell: Joe, thanks for the question. I think, it's certainly still early. I think, as Brent alluded to, we're at a period of time, where typically now you see the purchases moved to South America, coming back to North America kind of post our harvest time. So, we think there is some time like there. I think the real question is, as we think about how do we get to a larger number of purchases, and some of the numbers that have out there are roughly 2 times what we've done kind of historically on historical averages. So, I think it's still early to determine exactly what that looks and also what commodities make that up, play a pretty big role, is it a continued purchases of soybeans or do we see other commodities things like pork, ethanol and others come into the trade that necessarily haven't always been there haven't been significant. So, I think a lot of questions still there, in terms of how that comes through, as well as in the near-term with coronavirus and some of the things that have slowed, just overall activity in China, what impact does that have on their ability to make those purchases.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thank you.
Ryan Campbell: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi, good morning, everybody. I wanted to dig in a little bit to your view of the Ag margins. Obviously, they came in quite a bit better than I think, some of us expected here in the first quarter. And frankly, it's a little tough to kind of hold them down into the level you've given in terms of guidance for the full year. When we think about the tailwind from the headcount reduction savings and probably some kind of mix improvement, I would assume, and maybe a little bit more production to retail versus last year. Are there some headwinds that we should be thinking about that kind of offset some of those benefits? Or is that maybe somewhat of a conservative outlook or are we skewing toward the higher end of the margin range or something, just a little more color on how you're thinking about that?
Ryan Campbell: Yes, Steve, I mean, you're right. First of all, I think that we were pleased with the way the first quarter came in, margins up on lower sales, I think that's a positive. As we think about the full year, I think a few things that we are contemplating. One, it is still early. We're watching the situation in China with coronavirus closely, as well as in Brazil, where, as we've noted, we've started the year with a little bit slower retail activity. Our view there's that picks up, it's more back-half loaded, but that's something we'll watch pretty closely. One other thing, as we think about first quarter versus the rest of the year, the first quarter we had a nearly 3 points of price realization. Our full year is about 2 points, so, not as much expected there from that perspective. So, overall, not a change in our range, and we think, there's still a lot of moving pieces, so we feel like that's prudent. Maybe one thing to call out in particular, as we think about the second quarter, and Brent alluded to in his comments, is our second quarter, we have a few, I'd say, maybe unusual seasonal impacts in the quarter. One, we see much lower cotton sales in 2Q of this year, because they came through the first quarter, so that's really just timing of production. But also, we have a new product transition in Waterloo, for our brand new 8R tractor, as well as limited production builds for our new combine. And the result of those two things, will certainly impact what we're able to produce and ship during the month. And then one last thing to think about in 2Q is, as we think about coronavirus, and some of those impacts, one of the things that we've thought about is the impact on our supply base there, and the ability to get parts to our operations internationally. So, we've actually, in our second quarter included about $40 million of cost of expedited freight to make sure that we're able to have that availability to get parts into the operations. So that, all of those things result in, probably a lighter topline and margin line for 2Q than what we seasonally would see.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So Ryan, maybe overall just to summarize, we certainly feel good about the performance in the first quarter. But, there's a few moving pieces for the rest of the year, and it's too early for us to change our range at this point.
Stephen Volkmann: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Thein from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Tim Thein: Thank you. And first, Josh, thanks for the added disclosures in these lines. But just to continue along that that train of thought, in terms of the second quarter, obviously, historically, the highest seasonal quarter from a margin perspective. The factors you just outlined are those enough to - does that change this year such that third quarter you think is higher than the second from a margin perspective? Or, I again, recognize you don't give quarterly margin guidance, but just to make sure we understand kind of the magnitude of those impacts.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, I'd say more similar now between those two than the difference that we've seen in the past.
Tim Thein: So, okay, 2Q, 3Q kind of posted on par with one another's?
Ryan Campbell: Correct, yes.
Tim Thein: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. Just following on to Steve's question on the Ag margins, again, I agree with his thoughts that the guide seems conservative. You did also talk about some of the actions you're taking in Europe within Ags. So, I'm wondering if there's any costs associated with that or how much that sort of incrementally if any weighing on the Ag margins relative to how I think about margins in South America or there U.S. for Ag? So, that's my first question. And I guess my second question on the flip side, the construction margins were a little weaker than I would have expected, understanding, you kept your margins the same, but just sort of your confidence level there, if there was anything in particular that weighed on the construction margins in the first quarter. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: So on the Ag side, starting the Ag side, I mean, I think as we think about Europe, some of the things we've already done, we executed on in 4Q of '19 and in 1Q, so, as we stand today, with where we're at, nothing additional to call out. If we do further actions, as Ryan mentioned, we'll lay those out and talk through those, but nothing major contemplated right now. As you think about construction and construction in the quarter, we had lower margins, the voluntary separation expenses $24 million, have an impact, and then lower volume, unfavorable mix, and then just the under production component are really the biggest drivers of that lower margin in the quarter. Maybe just a context and as we think about the full year, and what do we see there, we do expect to see mix improve as we go through the year, as we expect, our construction North American construction equipment mix will improve as we under produce less throughout the balance of the year. In addition to that, road building, which is more seasonally skewed, is a bigger portion of our total C&F business this year, and is much more heavily weighted their seasonality to 2Q and 3Q in the year. So, I think those are probably the biggest drivers on the construction side from a margin perspective.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Ashish Gupta from Stephens. Your line is open.
Ashish Gupta: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Appreciated the color on the supply chain impact and the costs you guys are budgeting for the second quarter. Just wondering if you can maybe expand on, and I think you said that the component you make in China for other international markets, I'm just wondering if there's any supply chain type impacts that could come over time with the virus spreading to Japan and South Korea.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, so when we think about kind of the impacts and potential impacts of the coronavirus is kind of two components like that we mentioned. One is direct exposure, our sales into the China market that's relatively small for our Ag and turf business and for our traditional C&F business. Road building, though, has a bigger exposure there. So road building in China will tend to be 10% to 15% of their overall sales. So more of an impact there. We did see some reduction in their topline as a result of the lack of activity in that market over the last month or so. So we have seen some of that impact. That's one. The second component is on supply chain. And we've got suppliers in China that supply our operations across the globe. So, those are the suppliers we're watching closely, we're working through our supply management teams working really diligently to understand where each of those are, and the process to either, are they producing or when are they going to begin to produce, so that's something we're watching and monitoring closely. As a result of that, as I mentioned, that's where we did go ahead and set up and get capacity to expedite freight to make sure we can try to get those parts to our facilities during the quarter.
Ashish Gupta: But if we remain in sort of an extended shut down or you see impact from quarantining in South Korea or Japan, do you see any impact there? And I guess, I should ask also, do you have other component suppliers that you can leverage in other regions in the Europe or U.S.?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean, first, I'd say it's really fluid and very early. This is day-to-day shifting in terms of what's going on. So, as we move forward, we will certainly update, but thats kind of what we know today. And as always, our supply management teams are always looking at opportunities to resource and leverage suppliers that have multiple locations. So we're working through all those potential opportunities. Thanks Ashish, we will go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Thanks. Good morning everybody. A question on cash flow, I mean, you had a really good first quarter in terms of cutting the outflow relative to last year on the operating cash line. You didnt really change the full year guidance. So, I'm wondering, what do you expect for the balance of the year in terms of working capital? And then, b, you didnt really keep pace with the share repo and I'm wondering if thats a signal that you are going to keep it dampened for the balance of the year or will that reaccelerate?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. From a cash flow perspective we maintain the range, we're focused on managing inventory and receivables. We saw really good progress as you noted in the first quarter. But I think overall, I'd say, it's early in the year. We didnt adjust our topline ranges nor our net income range. Felt it was prudent given just three months in that we maintain that from a cash flow perspective.
Ryan Campbell: And Andy, it's Ryan. We took inventory out throughout the balance of '19, so that inventory reduction evens out over time, significant in the first quarter, but it evens out, although we do still project an inventory reduction. With respect to the buyback, we did around $100 million for the first quarter, thats in line with our historical average. Typically, first quarter is a use of cash for us as we build some working capital. So nothing to read into that. It's right in line with what we've done historically, in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question or comment is from David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you. I'm just trying to do a margin walk for Ag and turf for the year. If we just think the rest of the year, the price cost, what are you baking in for the year on price cost for Ag or the next nine months?
Josh Jepsen: It would be favorable.
Ryan Campbell: And you know as Josh said, we did about 3 in price. The first quarter full year is 2. So, there is an impact of that going through the rest of the year. So price cost still favorable but less favorable than the first quarter.
David Raso: Well, I'm just trying to figure price cost was 1.97 positive for the first quarter when you add the price change and the production cost change. The rest of the year implied pricing is another $340 million or so. Do you think your cost go back up? Because I'm just trying to get the walk here from you are implying something about the decrementals on the volume declines for the rest of the year. But the savings from the separation cost within this division in the next nine months roughly should offset the incremental freight in the second quarter. Is that the right way to think about those two moving parts, separation savings versus the $40 million freight cost from coronavirus in 2Q?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Well, I think it's maybe a little more - there is a little more than trying to just compare one or two components. I mean, overall, as Ryan said, 2 points of price for the full year. Material and freight are favorable for us in 2020 and that includes the additional -
David Raso: $40 million.
Josh Jepsen: The additional $40 million, so still favorable. We do have a couple things that would be going against us there. Incentive comp is higher in the year, pension costs and OPEB costs are higher in the year. So there are some moving pieces there that impacts the overall net-net there.
David Raso: And related to that same question, that the underproduction for the year in Ag and turf, has that changed at all from three months ago, be it high horsepower versus low horsepower, magnitude? Any color there would be appreciated. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. No change in terms of the expectations of how we produce relative to retail, or year-over-year.
Ryan Campbell: Yes. So large Ag, still roughly in line, small Ag underproduction.
David Raso: All right, thank you.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Mig Dobre from Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Thank you. Good morning. Going back to construction, can you maybe help us understand sort of what's baked into your guidance in terms of earthmoving versus road building? And I'm kind of curious here as you think about your earthmoving business, do you think about the second quarter and beyond? At what point in time do you think you're going to be in a position where you can produce a little closer to retail demand? Is this maybe late in 2020 or more of a 2021 thing?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks Mig. I think when we think about construction and forestry and if we look at kind of North American construction equipment, which I think is where your question really lies, is, for the balance of the year we will under produce retail demand. It's more front-half loaded. Certainly, the first quarter, we under produced more significantly than we will the balance of the year. So, as I mentioned a little bit talking about mix in that business improving over the year, that's a result of less underproduction of that CE that - North American construction equipment during the remaining quarters of the year.
Mig Dobre: And is road building down more or less than the segment average guidance?
Josh Jepsen: Less.
Mig Dobre: Can you quantify that?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean, it's 5% or less.
Mig Dobre: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question or comment is from Chad Dillard from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning, guys. So I just want to go back to the question of small Ag and just want to understand, where did retail sales end up versus your expectations in the first quarter. And same question on the underproduction? Where did that end up versus your initial expectations? And how are you thinking about when you'll be able to produce in line with retail? Is it later in 2020? Or are we thinking about a little bit longer? And secondly, just want to get some comments on how you're seeing the new 8R adoption unfold. Any indication on penetration uptake from the farmers?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, as it relates to small tractors in North America, and it's probably easiest or best to look at this on the full year given seasonality. We are, as Ryan mentioned, we expect to under produce retail demand in 2020 on contractors and that hasn't changed around 15% for the year. So that's the plan that we're executing to. And we think that puts us in a really solid position from an inventory to sales perspective when we end the year.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, so we would project 2021, we're producing in line with retail in that business.
Josh Jepsen: As it relates overall, the new 8R, we've seen good order activity there. We are ordered out further than we were a year ago. That's a little bit misleading just in that - we're impacted by the transition time as we moved - changed the factory over to begin producing the new model. But I think we've seen really positive response the 8R, in particular, the new four track option has been particularly well received and lots of interest and activity there for what that machine delivers. So, feel good about that.
Chad Dillard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Ann Duignan from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning. If we could switch back to the fundamentals, I'm curious to hear your thoughts on the strength of the real versus the dollar, I mean it's up 40% year-to-date. And what you think that might do to U.S. exports as we go forward? And couple that with the Argentinian peso and maybe the - and Ukraine on the corn side and versus the Brazil real on the bean side. What are your thoughts in terms of FX and strong dollar and the impact it has on competitiveness of U.S. agriculture?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, I think certainly, we've seen deterioration particularly in South America and the real and peso, what has been going on there. So that does impact competitiveness, particularly in the short-term. It also benefits profitability for those producers in those markets as well. So, there's puts and takes on both of those. I mean, I think importantly, as we think about this, from our perspective is, where are - the fact that we continue to see demand growing, consumption of grains growing, and there are only a few places that produce these grains, particularly soybeans, en masse, at scale, and in that relatively low cost of production. So, we think, those places are the U.S., Brazil and Argentina to a lesser extent. So, again we think there's going to be the need for those grains, because those are really the only places that they're coming from. So, certainly, timing wise there can be advantages won or lost, as FX moves. But I think big picture when we step back feel like the demand for grain and the fact that these are only grown in a few places, at scale is an important thing to recall.
Ann Duignan: And along those lines just on Brazil again, why wouldn't farmers be spending money now than if they - if favorable financing is going to disappear midyear?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, I mean, I think, well, we talked about a little bit, I think the some of the caution there has been around trade. And you see a significant shift in China's purchase pattern. I think that's paused the market a little bit. And I think we saw this over particularly at the end of last year and into this year, a little bit of the concern on financing. I think one other things we've seen as the government came out and talked about Finame, as we go forward, I think that's helped eliminate some of the big concern as we've now talking about our program that begins the transition to less subsidization or less interest rate equalization as referred to in the market, and getting to more of a free market system. And I think, a couple things that support that, one is we've seen pretty low interest rates, the benchmark rate in Brazil is at very low levels, which has been positive. So that certainly helps. And our largest customers in Brazil for quite some time, have had access to bank, private bank financing. So, we actually believe the longer-term as we begin this transition that this will create more stability in the market, and less volatility in the Ag machinery sector, because it will be more driven by actual demand and not finance availability or alike. As it relates, maybe one other note on Brazil, the lots of folks look at the shipment numbers coming out of Brazil, in Anfavea, and as earlier noted, someone made the comment we've seen weakness, as you noted, why are we seeing more activity. One thing that we have seen as we've looked at that market, and you look at by horsepower, splits or segments, there's been a pretty big distinction. It's really been occurring over the last three years, where we're seeing high horsepower, and in their reporting that's above 130 horsepower has been growing, whereas, you've seen lower horsepower has been declining year-on-year. And even year-to-date, we're seeing the lower horsepower ranges down double-digits, while we're up on the high horsepower side. So, there are a few dynamics there, but certainly, the growth in high horsepower and technology, we see a very positive, over the last few years that certainly helped to drive the market share gains we've seen and we think that continuing trend helps us, and particularly as you start to deliver more and more precision Ag into the market. So, long answer, but I think thats some of how we're viewing the Brazilian market. We'll go ahead and jump to our next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Seth Weber from RBC. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Brendan on for Seth. I'd like to touch on the higher losses on the lower residuals, you called this out last quarter as well. So I'd like to get, ask if you think that you've lowered them to a sufficient enough level where it kind of be less of a headwind going forward. And then if you could talk to whether the lower residuals you were saying, was that on your Ag equipment, your construction equipment or both?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Brendan. So, we noted losses in GDF in the quarter on operating leases, year-over-year, just first context as a little bit under $10 million, just to size that in terms of what we saw. Primarily those losses came in through our C&F division, really as of result of two things. A little bit of pressure on the overall used environment in C&F with higher inventories that have put some downward pressure on prices. And then we did take some actions during the quarter to move aged inventory and had relatively significant reductions of our matured lease inventory there that was of an older vintage. So, I think those are the things we saw there. From an Ag and turf perspective, portfolio was pretty stable where recoveries, we didn't see much change and return rates actually improved a little bit for us in the quarter. So, we're really early on now, as we start to think about the changes, we made a quarter ago but very, very focused on working with our dealers through the process of retaining more of those lease maturities, programs in place to incentivize both the dealers and customers to engage in managing that inventory at a much higher level. With that, we'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question or comment is from Joel Tiss from BMO. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss: Hey guys, how's it going?
Josh Jepsen: Hey Joe.
Joel Tiss: I just wonder, maybe I'll glue two quick ones together. How far can farmers go before they start replacing their equipment? Like, do you have any history on what the longest kind of drought of buying has been? And then on the focus side, are you contemplating exiting whole geographies like bigger chunks? Or is this just more like tweaking and looking a little more granularly? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Maybe start with your second question. I mean, I think when we think about there, I'd say it's much more focused in terms of products and markets, how can we best serve those customers how we do that and in an efficient way, while also delivering the customer experience that they expect and deserve in that that we want to deliver. So, I think it's more targeted than saying entire geography or product form, but being thoughtful in terms of how can we best serve those customers.
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Maybe it's a little more on how we go to market as opposed to which markets, we're going into.
Joel Tiss: Okay.
Josh Jepsen: And as it pertains to the age of fleet or how long can someone go until you see purchases, we're in the U.S. in particular, we think about aging fleet. We are now pushing past kind of what has been the historically equilibrium going back to say 2000. So we're on high horsepower on tractors and on combines and we're pushing beyond the point that we've kind of ran at through really the early 2000s. So, we think we're there in terms of the drivers replacement demand and on top of that technology and productivity to see more of that activity. I think the uncertainty we've been dealt with over the last 18 months has caused a lot of that. But I think talking to dealers, talking to our team, I mean, certainly there's appetite and interest there. And when we can deliver not only productivity, but cost reduction, when we think about overall P&L for a farmer, there's value there. Canada, maybe a little bit different situation, where we see the age of that fleet is a little younger. And as a result, and Brent alluded to this in his comments, maybe a little bit further out to some of the replacements. Just given that market did not cycle us as much down or up that we saw in the U.S. Thanks, Joel. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Thanks for the question. Maybe first, if you guys can just talk about the pricing expectations. I think pricing was a little bit better than we expect in the first quarter. And you did raise it for the year but still implying that pricing little bit worse. So maybe, can you just talk about where you saw the strength this quarter and why it should decelerate an Ag for the remainder of the year? And then secondly, kind of on the back of the last question. I think when you talked about North America large Ag, the industry outlook staying at down 5%. It definitely sounds like U.S. is a little bit better than you originally expecting and Canada's a little bit worse. So, when you have been talking about no change in the equipment replacement schedule, maybe first I just wanted to make sure that was saying that the pause that you thought happened last year is going to continue into 2020. And then I think you've historically talked about commodity prices. And what level you think commodity prices will impact the replacement schedule? And if you can just kind of give us some type of framework for where commodity prices need to go before you start to see that replacements schedule to pick up again? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: So, I think, as you think about the down 5% on large Ag in North America, you're exactly right in that. We see probably a little bit of improvement on the U.S. side and weaker on the Canada side. So thats a very fair. We talked - Brent talked a little bit about what we saw U.S. versus Canada on combines. We see kind of a similar impact as we look at large tractors from an order book perspective. So that kind of the dynamic that we've seen there. As you think about price and how we came into the quarter, for C&F, we expect a point, we got about a point in the first quarter and we expect that for the year. On the Ag side, a little bit stronger price in the first quarter than our full year. We actually saw some improvement in overseas markets. So, that was, and the margins helped us a little bit, pushed us a little bit above what we had expected, I mean, into the quarter.
Courtney Yakavonis: And then lastly, on the commodity prices and impact on replacement.
Josh Jepsen: So, I mean, I think the easing of trade tensions and opening up of market access, we think is really important as the first step. I think, importantly, I think folks want to see grain actually flowing, grain actually moving purchases occurring. And we think thats particularly important. I mean, as you think about absolute prices we've felt - believe that in the range of $3.50 corn and $9 soybeans can drive replacement demand thats supportive of replacement demand. So, I think, if we actually start to see grain move, I think that provides a little more confidence in terms of the access actually being there. And we think is supportive of replacement demand. So we'll go ahead and go to our next question. Thanks, Courtney.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from Ross Gilardi from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks for squeezing me in guys. I got cut off for a couple of minutes. So hopefully, nobody already asked this. But could you clarify what the year-on-year swing in dealer inventories was in Ag and turf just reason being if you look at your retail sales, it's hard to tell what the number is in totality, but it looks like it's down more than the 4% revenue decline you had in the quarters. Any color there I would appreciate it. I'm just trying to get at whether or not dealer, restocking contributing meaningfully to be maybe less than expected revenue decline in Q1?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think when we look at it, inventory to sales, in particular, if we look at kind of 100 horsepower and above, year-over-year it came down from 38% to 31% and combines we saw come down as well. I think overall from a small tractor perspective, we're relatively in-line with the industry and maybe down a little bit from where we were a year ago. But I think overall, we've continued to feel good about where we are from a large Ag perspective and the plans to execute for small tractors.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. So I think weve time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Thanks for taking the follow-up. I'm wondering if you could talk about the margin improvement plans for C&F specifically. So, a lot of what we've spoken about precision Ag and their pricing, is really focused on the Ag part of the equitation. I'm wondering if you could just have a little bit of a discussion on the opportunities for the C&F side beyond the Wirtgen synergies to get closer to that 15% corporate target?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Jerry. I mean, I think you know, maybe at a high level when we think about 15%, that is the margin level we expect to deliver. Our businesses may not all be exactly that number, but all contributing to getting there is probably an important distinction. But as we think about our construction business, and in particularly as we add in road building, which we feel like has a strong margin profile as well gives us an opportunity. I think, from a technology perspective, we do see opportunities to be able to leverage some of the things that we've done on our Ag business into our construction business. So, we think there is opportunity to add and create value there for customers, which is an important component thats further out. But we think there's opportunity there. I'd say, today, very, very focused on managing the business, managing inventory, integrating Wirtgen and delivering on those synergies that that would be the near-term focus areas.
Jerry Revich: Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. And maybe the one last thing that we talked about at our Analysts Day at CES is the aftermarket opportunity in retrofit, and I think in particularly in construction, the ability to take care of that product over the lifecycle from a parts and service perspective, leveraging telematics and those sort of things that we have today, we think can deliver margin opportunity for all of our businesses as we go forward.
Jerry Revich: Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Well, that concludes our call. We appreciate all the interest. Please reach out if you have got questions. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-11-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Deere & Company Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Julie. Hello. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, our Chief Financial Officer; John Lagemann, Senior Vice President Ag & Turf, Sales and Marketing; and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, well take a closer look at Deeres fourth quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and current outlook for fiscal 2019. After that, well respond to your questions. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. Brent?
Brent Norwood: John Deere completed the fourth quarter with a strong finish in retail sales for both divisions. While uncertainty lingers in the U.S. ag market, replacement demand and increased adoption of precision technology will continue to be critical factors for 2020. As North American farmers work through trade issues and adverse weather conditions, sentiment in Brazil remains stable, offsetting weakness in other South American markets such as Argentina. In the Construction & Forestry division, retail demand remains steady as end markets benefit from generally positive economic conditions. At the same time, dealers are cautiously managing inventory levels to ensure their ability to meet current demand while maintaining flexibility as activity fluctuates. Now, let's take a closer look at our year-end results for 2019, beginning on slide three. For the full year, net sales and revenue were up 5% to $39.258 billion, while net sales for equipment operations were up 5% to $34.886 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $3.253 billion or $10.15 per diluted share. The results included a favorable benefit of $68 million to the provision for income taxes due to U.S. tax reform. Excluding this item, adjusted net income was $3.185 billion or $9.94 per diluted share. Slide four shows the results for the fourth quarter. Net sales and revenue were up 5% to $9.896 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $722 million or $2.27 per diluted share. The results included a favorable benefit of $41 million to the provision for income taxes due to U.S. tax reform. Excluding this item, adjusted net income was $681 million or $2.14 per diluted share. On slide five, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 4% to $8.7 billion in the fourth quarter. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 3 points, while currency translation was negative by 2 points.  At this point, I'd like to welcome to the call John Lagemann, Senior Vice President of Ag & Turf, Sales and Marketing to discuss the fundamentals affecting the ag business. John?
John Lagemann: Thanks, Brent, and good morning all. Let's start with quarter's results on slide six. Net sales were up 3% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, primarily driven by strong price realization and slightly higher volumes. Operating profit was $527 million, resulting in a 9.2% operating margin for the division. The year-over-year decline was largely due to higher production cost, SA&G, and the unfavorable effects of foreign currency exchange, partially offset by positive price realization. Importantly, our North American large ag business finished the quarter with strong retail sales, putting us in an excellent inventory position for the start of 2020. In the U.S., the large tractor and combine inventory to sales ratio is the lowest it's been since 2014, which puts us in a good position to produce in line with retail demand for North America large ag in 2020. Now turning to slide seven, let's take a closer look at some of the fundamentals affecting the agricultural economy. It's been a year of uncertainty for corn and soybean growers in the U.S. In addition to continued trade uncertainty and near-term demand concerns, stemming from African swine fever, and unusually wet spring, delayed planting this season, which ultimately resulted in fewer corn and soybean acres for the year. Compounding matters further, difficult weather conditions this fall has significantly delayed harvest, which is now the slowest -- the fourth slowest on record for corn. The combination of these factors have pressured grain supplies for the year. More specifically, despite these lower levels of supply, overall grain consumption increased for the period, contributing to a decline in the stocks to use ratio for both corn and soybeans, and in turn higher year-over-year prices for both commodities in 2019. The wheat global stocks to use ratio is expected to rise again in 2019 as production increases in Russia and Ukraine more than offset dryness in Argentina and Australia. Ending stocks for 2019 reflect record high levels for global wheat inventories. Now slide eight outlines U.S. farm cash receipts. 2019 farm cash receipts are estimated to increase about 2% year-over-year to $395 billion, while net cash income is estimated to be up around 7% to $113 billion. The increase in crop cash receipts and income is largely attributed to the market facilitation payments from the USDA, which are expected to contribute approximately $17 billion to the U.S. farm economy this year. As they complete their harvest, farmers will assess their individual situations to determine how best to allocate the year-over-year increase in receipts and income. Before addressing our industry outlook on slide nine, I'd like to first provide a high level overview on the state of the North American ag industry. Despite uncertainty from trade, weather and ASF, we are still in a replacement market that if anything is becoming more amplified. Let me explain. First of all, while this uncertainty has slowed replacement rates in both 2018 and 2019, and long-term trade resolution is still clearly desired, we do see some evidence that U.S. farmer sentiment is beginning to improve, as farmers acclimate over time to planning in a more uncertain trade environment. Secondly, the fleet age in the U.S. has reached its highest point in over a decade. And our 2020 outlook anticipates even further aging of this fleet. This supports our view that many U.S. customers will reach a point where they simply need to replace their equipment. And with that impact, a gradual recovery of the equipment investment cycle will resume, as customers make decisions to upgrade their operations. Lastly, in addition to the advanced age of the fleet, the impact of precision technology is further driving these replacement decisions. Throughout this prolonged period of uncertainty, farmers have continued to invest in technologies that deliver high ROIs and operational efficiencies. And there is no doubt that our own product introductions in this area of precision ag technology have had a distinct impact on the financial and operational performance of our customers, and never was that more evident than this year as our customers used these technologies to better manage the adverse weather conditions, I mentioned earlier. This impact of technology has also been very apparent in the results of our early order programs, where we have seen increased take rates for precision features compared to last year. And speaking of our early order programs, the final phase of the planter and sprayer EOP concluded in October with mixed results on a unit basis. Early orders for planters finished up single digits with take rates for ExactEmerge technology up again significantly for fiscal year 2020. Sprayer orders were down low double digits with the U.S. results down single digits, and Canada orders were down significantly more. It's also important to note that the first phase of these programs was significantly impacted by the late planting this season and that orders for the subsequent two phases were up quite significantly on a year-over-year basis. Our combine early order program completed the first of three phases in October with results down double digits. Similar to our crop EOP, the results of the first phase were negatively impacted by lower activity in Canada as well as the delayed harvest that I mentioned earlier. Given the late harvest, this year's program may be more backend weighted towards phases two and three. Also, due to strong take rates in 2018 and 2019, Combine Advisor was moved into the base model for 2020, indicating a significant adoption of this game-changing feature. Our tractor order book currently extends through the end of March, which is well ahead of last year. The strong order book is largely attributable to a mid-year model change as we transition to the all new 8R tractor featured at AGRITECHNICA this year. More specifically, our current order bank reflects the sellout of the current model as we begin taking orders for the new 8R starting in December. We'll talk more about this new 8R as the year progresses. But simply put, it is the most technologically advanced tractor we've ever made and loaded with our latest precision technologies. This new model will feature upgrades in guidance, connectivity and user experience while enabling further electrification of associated implements. And initial reaction to these features has been very positive for both customers and dealers. We intend to begin production during the third quarter. With that context, let's turn to our 2020 ag & turf industry outlook on slide nine. Ag industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are forecast to be down about 5% for 2020 with the year-over-year decline reflective of a cautious environment. Concerning the U.S. market, it's worth noting that weve made some adjustments to our leasing operations to address recent losses in the U.S. portfolio. Although the overall used equipment market continues to be quite stable, our lease return rates remain at elevated levels. At the same time, we've taken actions to reduce our matured lease inventory, which put downward pressure on our recovery rates in the wholesale market and contributed to the disclosed impairment. But, to address this situation going forward, we have taken the following actions. First, we've adjusted lease residual values to better reflect the current environment. Next, we've announced changes to our leasing program that will include a risk sharing mechanism with our dealers to ensure alignment. And lastly, we will realign our performance and incentive structures in order to increase dealer collaboration in our collective remarketing efforts. In summary, we have taken significant actions to enhance our positions with our current leasing portfolio and our overall leasing strategy going forward. In terms of our current portfolio, we have reduced mature lease inventory during 2019 and are now turning net inventory much faster. Regarding our leasing strategy going forward, the changes I highlighted, should provide for greater efficiency and managing the overall portfolio, while remaining competitive in the marketplace. And these changes will enable us to better leverage the strength of our dealer organization by allowing them to control the inventory in their own area of responsibility. This in turn will also support the evolution of promoting production systems versus individual products, because they can better manage their customers trade cycles. Weve received a variety of feedback from our dealers, but many of our strongest dealers view these changes as quite positive. They also see them as obvious evolution to our leasing strategy that reflects the growing importance of leasing to the overall industry. Now, moving on to the EU28. The industry outlook is forecast to be flat in 2020, as most regions impacted from last year's drought, are expected to recover with favorable production for the year. Furthermore, the outlook for the dairy sector remains stable. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be flat for the year. Sentiment in Brazil remains very stable with high levels of grain production combined with healthy producer margins and restored liquidity in the financing market, driving a positive outlook. However, other Latin American markets like Mexico and to a greater extent Argentina, face near-term challenges due to the potential for adverse policy impacting the ag sector. Shifting to Asia, industry sales are expected to be flat with growth in India offset by slowness in China. And lastly, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat in 2020 based on stable general economic factors. Now moving on to the ag and turf forecast on slide 10. Fiscal year 2020 sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment are now forecasted to be down between 5% and 10%, which includes expectations of two points of positive price realization and currency headwind of about one point. Also note that our sales forecast does contemplate producing below retail demand for some small ag products in 2020. Our full year operating margin forecast is ranging between 10.5% and 11.5%. I will now turn the call back over to Brent Norwood. Brent?
Brent Norwood: Now, let's focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 11. Net sales of $2.947 billion were up 8%, primarily due to shipment volumes and positive price realization for the quarter. Operating profit was $261 million, benefiting from increased shipment volumes and price realization offset by higher production costs, SA&G and a negative mix. Similar to the ag division, C&F also finished 2019 with strong retail activity, keeping inventory to sales ratio within a desirable range. Moving to the C&F outlook on slide 12, Deere's Construction & Forestry 2020 sales are forecast to down between 10% and 15%, compared to last year. The year-over-year decline is driven mostly by a mid-single-digit underproduction to retail volume versus a building of inventory in 2019. The order book remains healthy and back within our historical 30 to 60-day replenishment window, while the overall industry activity remains steady. The global forestry market forecast is expected to be flat with growth coming from products in Europe offsetting declines in the U.S. and Russian markets. C&Fs full year operating margin is projected to be between 9.5% to 10.5% with roadbuilding margins higher than the overall division. Let's move now to our financial services operation on slide 13. Worldwide financial services and net income attributable to Deere & Company was $90 million in the fourth quarter and $539 million for the full year. The provision for credit losses as a percentage of the average owned portfolio was 7 basis points for 2019. Fourth quarter results were negatively impacted by a 77 million pre-tax impairment charge relating to the operating lease portfolio. As John mentioned earlier, we've already implemented measures to adjust lease program going forward to ensure stronger dealer alignment for remarketing returned machines on future releases. For fiscal year 2020, net income is forecast to be $600 million, which contemplates a tax rate of 24% to 26%. The provision for credit losses in 2020 is forecast at 19 basis points. Slide 14 outlines receivables and inventories. For the Company as a whole, trade receivables and inventories ended the year up about $52 million, which was well below our forecast as a decrease in the ag division was offset by increases in C&F. In the C&F division, the full year rise is largely attributable to building some field inventory after a historically low position at the start of 2019. In ag, Deere's decrease is mainly attributable to a strong finish in retail sales and underproduction in large ag in 2019. Moving to slide 15, cost of sales for the fourth quarter and the full year was 77% of net sales. Our guidance for 2020 is about 76%, down 1 point year-over-year. R&D was up about 4% in the fourth quarter and 8% for the full year. And our forecast for 2020 is down 2% from 2019 levels. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up 8% in the quarter and 3% for the full year, while next year's forecast is down 3% from 2019. Turning to slide 16. The fourth quarter included a $41 million benefit to the provision for income taxes and other favorable discrete adjustments resulting in a 9% tax rate for the period. Full-year 2019 rate of 20% included a $68 million benefit related to tax reform adoption. For 2020, the full year effective tax rate is now projected to be between 24% to 26%. Slide 17 shows our equipment operations cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be in a range of $3.1 billion to $3.5 billion in 2020. The guidance reflects a potential $300 million voluntary contribution to our OPEB plans. Finally, the Company's fiscal year 2020 net income outlook is on slide 18. Our full year outlook calls for net income to be between $2.7 billion and $3.1 billion. I will now turn the call over to Ryan Campbell, for closing comments, Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Before we respond to your questions, I'd first like to offer some closing thoughts on 2019 and then provide an update to some key initiatives we have underway in 2020. In summary, 2019 was a challenging year with respect to losses in our lease portfolio and managing through midyear production cuts in large ag. However, the measures we've taken position us with greater flexibility to respond to market conditions in the future. As mentioned during our comments, we've taken actions during the last half of 2019 to reduce our inventory position, and address the performance of our lease book. Specifically, as it relates to U.S. large ag, we entered 2020 with the lowest inventory to sales ratio over the past several years, allowing us to produce roughly in line with retail demand in this important market. For leasing, the changes we are making to our programs will enhance the long-term sustainability of our leasing business model. Now, as we shift our focus towards 2020 and beyond, we've recently launched some key initiatives to help us better execute our strategy. As we mentioned during the third quarter earnings call, we initiated plans to create a leaner and more efficient organization with an increased focus on the areas of our business that provide the greatest potential for differentiation -- differentiated customer value. Throughout the remainder of fiscal 2019, we completed targeted measures to streamline operations and headcount, incurring cost of $30 million. These initial actions in 2019 were the start of a broader effort to produce a more agile organization that enables quicker responses to changing market conditions. This initiative will also place a greater emphasis on the acceleration of our precision technologies and aftermarket strategies. In line with these objectives, today, we announced a broader voluntary separation program for eligible salary employees. The cost of the fiscal year 20 program is approximately $140 million and contributes to an annualized savings run rate of approximately $150 million when combined with the initiatives taken in 2019. Furthermore, we are undertaking an assessment of our overseas footprint as we work to serve our customers more efficiently. We will provide updates on our plans throughout the year during our quarterly earnings calls. As a result of these actions, we intend to drive the following outcomes. First, a streamlined organizational structure with reduced layers reset to focus on delivering technology and innovation at an increasingly rapid pace. Second, these actions will drive capital allocation decisions that further prioritize markets, products and services with the highest potential for differentiation, as well as advance our solutions offerings focused on improving customer outcomes throughout their production systems. Lastly, well accelerate our capture of aftermarket parts and services, leveraging our dealer channel and unique tools such as connected support and expert alerts. In addition, we'll continue to focus on the successful integration of Wirtgen and realization of synergies while leveraging their market position and roadbuilding to offer customers a more complete solution. As a final note, we acknowledge the uncertain environment we are operating in. However, we take these strategic measures as the beginning steps to reshape our organization and capitalize on the tremendous opportunities in front of us, particularly as it relates to precision technologies.
Josh Jepsen: Now, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. Julie?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi. Good morning, guys. I guess, I'll just kick it off with a little bit of color on your ag outlook, please. So, when I look at your various geographic outlooks, mostly flat U.S., down 5, I don't come up with anything close to net sales down 5 to 10, especially with a little bit of price tailwind. So, I guess, obviously, you're under producing. I think, you may have mentioned in small ag, but I was surprised to hear you say that you think you're kind of where you need to be in large ag. It just seems like a pretty big delta between your sales and your end market forecasts. So, maybe just a little color there? Sorry for the long question.
Brent Norwood: I think, as you think about those, you're right, most geographies flat, while we're down about 5 in the U.S. and Canada. I think, what we see there is certainly the impact that was mentioned in terms of under producing on the small ag side of the business. We expect the retail environment continues to be pretty stable and that we would continue to perform well there. But, as we've gotten to better inventory levels there, we realize we can optimize those inventory levels and will under produce as a result as we make that work. I think the other part of thinking about the range is just recognizing the uncertainty in the environment, maybe a little bit cautious as we see some of the delays related to the harvest season, pushing back some of the activity in our EOP.
John Lagemann: Yes, Josh. But, Id like to make it clear that our product portfolio has never been better. We like our go-to-market strategies and we're certainly not planning on losing any market share from that perspective. So, we feel very bullish about our share position going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Just two questions, one on the restructuring, the $140 million, just to be clear, is that included in the net income GAAP guide and when do you expect to realize the 150 over what time frame? And then, just my second question, Josh, is on the implied decrementals for the total Company, but I guess in particular, on the ag side, they look very healthy considering the sales decline. So, I'm just trying to get comfort, with what's implied in that decremental margin? Is there restructuring, price cost, freight tailwinds from last year, if you could just give some broader color there?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I'll start. Yes, we would say the programs that Ryan mentioned, we would have embedded in our guidance today. So, that's included in terms of the cost and the run rate savings. As you think about Ag & Turf for the next year, the big question in your comment on, are we seeing material prices, steel prices improve. We are seeing those come through and starting to improve. Now, maybe a little bit tampered by the fact that we under-produced in the back half of '19 and our productions lower going into 2020. So, not maybe as big of a benefit. But, we are seeing those prices come down. I think, the other thing to note on, as you think about our margins is, we are seeing higher pension costs, a little bit higher incentive compensations that are impacting us, and then some overhead as we bring in new product programs. So, we introduced a couple new products at AGRITECHNICA. So, we will be -- we're in the process of bringing those in. So, there is some impact on overhead spend as we integrate those and launch those in the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: I am wondering if you could just update us on take rates for precision planting and some of the other key products. I guess, we're hearing in the field, a lot of momentum in soybeans in particular. So, it sounds like that could be a multi-hundred million dollar revenue tailwind '20 versus '19. I'm wondering if you could comment on the exact take rates, and maybe on that revenue tailwind estimate. Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: So, as mentioned by John, we've seen continued growth there. So, if you look at ExactEmerge, for example, we were around 30% last year. That numbers in the upper 30s, near 40 as we come through the early order program. And I think, this past season, the challenges with the wet conditions has been the best test case for why that technology is particularly valuable in the shorter windows that we need to execute those jobs is really, really important. ExactApply, we're seeing kind of very similar take rates to a year ago, which youre talking about in the 40s. And then Combine Advisor, we moved into base equipment. So, that's a significant move, if you think about the duration in which we've seen that adapt very quickly. So, that's three years to go in base. And so, we feel really good about that. On top of that what we're seeing from our tractors is on our some of our precision packages that our tractors can take, we've seen pretty significant growth. So, our 8R tractor has seen a jump to about 50% take rate on our CommandCenter AutoTrac guidance, which includes RowSense and some other functions. So, we're seeing that really across the portfolio. Anything youd mention, John?
John Lagemann: Yes. Id just like to augment. This last year, the weather, I've never seen the weather conditions more adverse and really more unpredictable. And the ExactEmerge technology proved to be really a game changer. When you consider that -- one or two days could make a difference, whether a guy got his crop in or not. And it really proved itself. And then, I think on the Combine Advisor, if you think about some of the conditions that they face this fall, I think the ability to set those settings and then have them automatically set in the field proved to be really, really valuable. And then, on the premium activations, Josh, I think that just shows the precision piece of the technology here and how important that is, when you consider inch by inch accuracy. But, this year has proven to be a very solid year from a way to augment what they really do.
Ryan Campbell: Jerry, its Ryan. Just a quick thought on that. It took over a decade for us to move AutoTrac from a feature and option into base machines. As we think about adoption of precision technologies, some perspective, Combine Advisor, this is year three. And we're moving it into base.
Josh Jepsen: The only other thing I'd add there on the precision side is, we're seeing continued growth in engaged acres. So, we are north of $165 million engaged acres. So, that is that has grown and not just in North America, but we're seeing that grow overseas as well. Brazil's a market where we've seen significant growth there. So, we feel really good about the trajectory of those take rates, particularly as we introduce those features in other geographies like South America, but on top of that, what we're seeing from the ops center and folks engaging with those digital tools to plan, monitor and analyze their operations.
Jerry Revich: Thank you. 
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. We'll go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Just one quick one on the voluntary separation. That is I guess, more U.S. based than international if I understand correctly. The future costs out that you'll work through and talk to the rest of the year is more on the international side. And then, I know it's hard to talk about things that are cost related but will that put you in a good position or is this a multiyear journey that you're kicking off on cost?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Rob. Thanks for the question. I'd say, this is -- this certainly is strategic in nature, and I'd say, not a one or two-quarter event. So, I think over time, we'll continue kind of executing on this path in terms of looking at our cost structure, but then also how do we best and most efficiently serve our customers all over the world. So, I think, well -- as we continue to execute on the plans, as Ryan mentioned, we're undergoing assessment, well provide updates, but I think that's a little bit.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Rob, it's Ryan. This is -- I would view it as a journey to reshape our portfolio and our business towards the areas that we've talked about with respect to where we can differentiate more than potentially other areas. And that's really with production systems, agriculture, precision agriculture and aftermarket.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you, Rob. We'll go ahead to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is open. 
MigDobre: Hi, yes. Good morning, everyone. I just want to go back to Steve's initial question on your Ag & Turf outlook. I guess, I'm having a bit of a hard time understanding exactly what's implied in terms of inventory destocking for the smaller equipment. Can you maybe put this in perspective? I mean, from what I recall, this is less than half the overall segment and we're talking about $1.5 billion plus worth of a headwind, at least on my math in 2020. And correct me if I'm wrong, and why is this happening now? And again, some framework and some context would be helpful.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Mig. I think, when you think about that, I mean, we are seeing the large ag market come down. So, it's not small ag alone. So, we are seeing top line there. The benefit of the actions we took last year is we're able to produce in line with that retail demand. So, that's positive, but still it's at a lower level. As you think about the small ag side, and what we're doing there on the under production to pull those inventory levels down. That's really as we think about where do we need to be in the selling season, and what are those inventory to sales ratios. And roughly, we're talking about probably about a 10-point reduction of those inventory-to-sales ratios on where we want to be. So, there's some movement there, but that is that is the biggest portion of the underproduction.
Mig Dobre: And Josh, is this in under 40 horsepower tractors specifically?
Josh Jepsen: No, Id say more broadly. So, essentially 100 horsepower and below. So, you're talking about compact utilities plus utilities.
John Lagemann: Weve made some pretty significant improvements to the overall order fulfillment process on small tractors. And, frankly, with those changes, we're confident that we can bring the inventory down, as you mentioned. So, I think, it's a combination of factors.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research.
Joe O'Dea: With respect to the 15% segment margin targets, can you talk about the bridge to those targets at this point? How much of that is volume dependent? How much of that is things that you control?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, I think, first and foremost those are things that we're working on regardless of end markets, and that's precision ag, after market opportunities, its activities on the cost structure, it's executing and integrating Wirtgen and our synergies there. So, those are Id say the big piece of where we see the margin improvement coming from. As we think about what does the end market do, we're not contemplating a huge swing back in terms of improvement, for example, for large ag.
Joe O'Dea: And so just following up on that. I mean, you're down this year I would say 2018, 2019 probably more reflective of normalized demand. So, those 15% margin targets, really with respect to normalized demand, and so, this year would be below that, just 2020 would be below that. Just to be clear.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Our math would put as just below 90% of mid cycle from an ag perspective overall.
Operator: Next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Casey: Question on the 2020 outlook, should we think that it is more truncated to the second half than usual? Because it kind of sounds like you expect demand to start out slowly, it's probably going to take some time to realize the benefits from the voluntary separation to kick in, and then you have comps that should get a little bit easier in the second half, given the inventory correction that you did this year.
Josh Jepsen: Andy, that's fair. I would say, there's more of that impact in the first part of the year, certainly as you think about some of the costs, so the under production. And you're right, the comps would get a -- would be more favorable in the back part of the year where we did significant under production in 2019 in large ag.
Ryan Campbell: Andy, the voluntary separation costs will be incurred in the first quarter. The benefit obviously will go throughout the year and then full year run rate benefits will be in the following year.
Andy Casey: And then, a follow-up, just a clarification on the series 8R production starting in Q3. Does that impact the first half production rates at all for the existing 8R?
Josh Jepsen: We're effectively -- I mean, we've got the schedule laid out and we've sold out, as Brent mentioned in his comments or John mentioned, we've sold out that that level of production that we have. So that's full. So, it really doesn't impact what we would execute on in the first half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher: Just a couple of things on the construction side of the business. What is your retail expectation for 2020, if I missed it? And how is the 1% price assumption for 20 compared to what you achieved in '19? And then, just wondering to what extent you're starting to see any competitive pricing in the segment as things start to soften there?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Steve. Yes. So, when you think about C&F on price, as we talked about, or it was in our press release, we're expecting about a point of price in 2020 that compares to about 3 in 2019. And as we discussed throughout this year, C&F did 3 for the full year. That was much more front-end loaded where we took some price actions at the end of '18 and the early '19. So, we saw a lot of that come through in the early part of the year. But strong price performance, given where weve been. Now, certainly thats a market where we always watch what's going on, understand not necessarily the price leader. So, we'll continue to monitor what we're seeing going on from a competitive perspective. But, we think we're able to deliver that 1%, which is a good thing for that business.
Steven Fisher: And the retail expectation overall for construction in 2020?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, sorry. Yes. We expect retail to be down around 5%. And certainly, as was noted, we will do some underproduction, a mid-single-digit underproduction in construction in North America as we align inventories in that business.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI.
David Raso: First, a clarification, maybe I missed it. Ag & Turf high horsepower, did you under produce retail in the second half of '19? I know weve talked about that a quarter or so ago. Was that the case?
Josh Jepsen: We did. So for the full year, we talked about -- a quarter ago, we said we were going to -- for the full year high horsepower North America, we under produce at mid-single-digit. We actually ended up under producing by high-single-digit as a result of executing the production plans but then also strong retail to close out the year.
David Raso: Thats what Im trying to understand. If you're producing at retail next year and you think high horsepower is generally, okay, I mean, I know its within the guide of down 5% for U.S., Canada, that would sound more on the smaller side. I'm trying to understand why your production want to be up a year following you're under producing, because it puts even more pressure on the amount of under production and the low horsepower to make the math work. Can you just square that up for us? If you're producing at retail for a higher horsepower in '20, wouldnt your production be up from '19?
Josh Jepsen: I think -- so, retailer is lower, first off, if we go from 19, 20, retail is lower and we're going to produce to that level. But that level is lower than where we would have been in -- that level is lower, just when we compare the years '19 to '20. So, we're going to produce in line, even after the underproduction that we did in '19.
David Raso: But, if youre under producing by high-single-digit in '19, even if retails down 3 or 4 in high horsepower, your production would be up, because you were under producing more a year ago. I think we're just putting a lot of pressure on a huge under production and low horsepower to make this math logical. And I just want to make sure we level set. Your high horsepower production would appear to be up in your retail environment, coming off how you under produced. I mean, that's just the math. I'm just making sure I understand we all level set leaving the call.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. What Id tell you is we are -- the lower retail that we see in '20 versus '19, producing at that is still at a lower level than what we saw in fiscal '19.
David Raso: Okay. We can talk offline. And lastly, the cadence of how you see the sales playing out for the year, I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but any sense of the cadence of the implied total sales down about 9, how do you see it or even break it up by segment, whatever you choose to... 
Josh Jepsen: I mean, I think when you think about '20, its probably a little bit lighter in the first half as we talked about, we got some of the under production, some of the things on small ag, small tractors in particular that impact the first half of the year. So, I'd say a little bit lighter first half versus second half.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ashish Gupta with Stephens. Your line is open. 
Ashish Gupta: Thanks so much. I have a question and a clarification. Do you think there's a demand pull forward for the 8R, resulting in the sellout? And then, just to clarify in the large tractor order book, I think last year in the fourth quarter -- on this call you said it was -- the large tractor order book was extended versus last year. I thought last year you said it was out through the fiscal second quarter, and I think you'd said through March this year. So if you could just clarify thatd be great.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, I think we would say, there's an impact of the model changeover certainly. And I think, thats -- Brent and John have commented on that in terms of -- that has impacted where orders are and we're not taking orders. So, certainly, we do expect some orders that come in on the existing model. So, I think that's the component. As you think about where we are in relation to last year, 8000 series, 9000 series, we're a month to two months further out in terms of availability. But that can be variable on what the underlying production schedule, right. So, that's not absolute when we compare those. But we are further out. We have more visibility this year than we do -- than we did a year ago at this time.
John Lagemann: Josh -- and as we planned our transition strategy, we had intended to do this to sell out the current model and then transition into the new model. And I can tell you that there's demand on the current model since it's sold out. But there's a lot of excitement on the new ones. So, actually, the transition is going just as we had planned.
Ashish Gupta: And then, sorry, just a quick follow up. So, I think he had said that you expect some downtime in the third quarter related to the model changeover. So, should we expect production to be lower in some Q versus -- is there going to be different seasonality?
Josh Jepsen: I mean, there's probably a little bit of impact, but I don't think it's significant. I wouldnt say significant as that changeover happens, really kind of at the end of our second quarter into the beginning of our third. So, I wouldn't think it would impact meaningfully our kind of seasonal shift there or seasonal split.
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: On construction, maybe just on the Wirtgen business, it sounds like you're messaging that it's really the U.S. business that's going to be weaker. But, it feels like Wirtgen has been a little bit softer than we expected. I mean, can you just give us kind of a walk around and what you're seeing in the regions for the Wirtgen business? And, you kind of alluded to margins being above segment average, but our margins kind of where you would expect them to be at this point, or are you pushing -- still pushing synergies there? Is there still more upside on margins to come? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean, certainly we think the opportunity on synergies is yet to come. There's a lot of work and we feel good about that 125 million. But we're not -- we haven't seen a lot of that making its way through from a margin perspective yet. What I would say is some of those synergies are having some impact. A good example is, we talked about this year of integrating order fulfillment. So, this year, Wirtgen did do some underproduction on some Wirtgen models as well as Vgele models, which have been impactful in terms of their margin performance. So, that's impacted their margin as we did do some underproduction to right size inventory there in some models and some markets. So, there --- that had an impact on Wirtgen margins for the year. I think as you look around the globe there, North America has been pretty steady from a roadbuilding perspective. Europe has been relatively stable, kind of flat, maybe a little bit of caution in a market like the UK on Brexit. I think, if you look at emerging markets and other markets, that's probably where we've seen more of a weakness, China, we've talked about places like Argentina, Turkey where we've seen more incremental weakness. So, still feel really good about the business, really good about the integration and the synergy opportunities and continue to find more opportunities to leverage and work together. So, we'd say on track, certainly we took some steps with the underproduction this year and we've got some factory startup going on that's driven some inefficiencies but feel good about the future there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley.
Courtney Yakavonis: I appreciate the color you gave on some of the steps youre taking on the finco to reduce losses on operating leases. But can you just talk a little bit about how much you adjusted down the low residual values? And also, it sounded like this was primarily in ag -- primarily in the ag division, but, was there any impact on C&F operating leases residual values? And then, also, was any of this equipment with precision ag or any of the more advanced features or is this some of just an aging effect?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks Courtney. I'll start there. I mean, I think, if you think about, as our lease terms have gotten longer, they tend to be in between three and four years. So, you've got a little bit -- a little bit, youre not talking about brand new equipment. As you think about which division, if we see -- we saw it across both divisions, and maybe if you just go back to -- we made some changes to our lease book in 2016, where we reduced residual values, we encourage longer term leases, and we saw some of that benefit. We saw the benefit in '17, we saw in '18 as well. As we got into the latter half of '19, we saw kind of the market uncertainty impacting the recovery rates as we were remarketing this equipment back through the wholesale channel. So, that resulted in some of the impairment that we disclosed, and then the changes that John mentioned today. So, there's been a combination of those things that have impacted this, but we have seen it in both divisions. So, it's not a just one division or the other.
John Lagemann: But we have not made major changes to the RVs. I mean, we've tweaked it a little bit to fit the market, but not major changes.
Courtney Yakavonis: And then, just on the comments that you're rolling Combine Advisor into your pricing, I think you gave a 2% pricing forecast for A&T. How should we be thinking about that? Is that like for like equipment, or will there still be an additional mix impact from something like Combine Advisor thats not necessarily an upsell anymore?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. In its first year when it moves in base, it'll still be coming through mix, not in our price realization number. It would not have been in the comparable model last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan: If I could ask why the strong dollar is not listed as one of the headwind facing U.S. agriculture, but I'm not going to ask that. I'm going to ask, why were you overproducing in the small horsepower sector in the -- under horsepower? And how much inventory do you have to reduce now that you've spent your overproducing?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. And I would say, I think, as we look at that business, we were building inventory to get to a desired inventory level to meet really retail demand and meet the needs of those customers. The way those customers by those is, effectively on impulse. You walk into a dealership on a Saturday, you want to walk away with a tractor that day. So over the last couple years, we've been growing to get to that sustained inventory to sales level. And I think as John mentioned earlier, as we look at that, and we've gotten to that level, we've identified opportunities really to optimize those levels of inventory while still being able to meet the customer needs. So it's really about us getting a little more efficient and having a little bit better information as we've gotten to those levels to be able to execute. Anything youd mention John?
John Lagemann: Yes. And once again, we made and we made some pretty significant improvements to the overall order fulfillment process. So we're confident we can respond quicker to retail demand. So, I think the word optimization is spot on, Josh. 
Operator: Next question comes from Tim Thein. Your line is open with Citigroup.
Tim Thein: John, wondering, is there a way to quantify how much -- for Ag & Turf, how much of the forecast is made up essentially of your own estimates versus orders in hand. And in the spirit of the question is, normally at this time, just given the delayed harvest, presumably there's less of dealer -- visibility that dealer has and in turn that you have. So, is there a way to just quantify, again, I think it's ballpark numbers in terms of at this point in the year we normally have x percent visibility, and thus the balance is just our own estimate in terms of how order rates play out over the coming months.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think I'll start, this is Josh. I think, certainly, the weather and the delayed harvest has impacted EOP combines in particular, certainly -- we would acknowledge, we have less visibility there because of the delayed seasonality that we're seeing. And thats led us to probably be a little more cautious in terms of how we're viewing the market and our overall guide as a result of that. Now, I think tractors good visibility, as we mentioned, really driven more by some of the changeover in product. But those are the key things I would mention. I'll ask John to add in.
John Lagemann: I'd like to repeat the comment I made in my opening comments that with this weather situation being so unique, there's a pretty good possibility that our early order program on combines will be back ended. We don't know that yet. So, that's why we're a little cautious, but we think there's a good chance of that as farmers complete their harvest and assess their income situation, we think there could be some year-end buying, but we don't know that yet.
Tim Thein: And maybe just while youre there, John, a quick follow up. In terms of you mentioned earlier, from a standpoint of replacement demand and the fleet being the oldest its been in a while. And I'm assuming this weather that you're talking that we're seeing is putting some additional pressure on the fleet. Are you seeing that manifested in terms of higher reconditioning bills and service and parts activity and dealers in terms of maybe a bit more visibility that you have that maybe we are getting closer to the point where you're going to see more need based buying or is it just more anecdotal?
John Lagemann: Yes. I think that's a great question. And in fact, we are seeing good growth in the aftermarket. Our dealers are reporting part sales growth, absorption growth, et cetera. So we are seeing some larger bills as they come through the system. And we think our connected support approach that that Ryan alluded to, we think that's going to really help the dealer be proactive with some of those service opportunities. So, yes, as the fleet ages, we are seeing some pretty good sales growth on the aftermarket side of the business.
Josh Jepsen: All right. Thanks, Tim. We'll go ahead to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Good morning, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. I wanted to ask another question about Combine Advisor and making that a standard option, only after three years, which you're doing at the same time, the Phase 1 of your order book is down double digits. And what I'm trying to get at is, is there a risk, this is a very short term decision that's going to remove your ability to go back and price in the future for this pretty valuable option when the market recovers. And this is a reality that you're going to have to give away a lot of these technologies in the base model to drive adoption, particularly as some of your competitors seem to be stepping up their game and really focusing a lot more heavily on precision agriculture?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think, maybe one thing there to call out is when something used in the base, it's not free. When a feature moves into base, base price moves up with it. So we don't give up that pricing opportunity or margin that goes with that.
John Lagemann: And we were seeing tank rates increase to the point where we needed to do that because it's a fundamental improvement to the overall combine, the way it functions. So, we think that's a positive, the way weve transitioned that into base so quickly.
Josh Jepsen: Were at the top of the hour. So, that'll be our last question. We appreciate all the interest. And we'll be around to handle questions. Thanks, everyone. Happy Thanksgiving.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-08-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to John Deere & Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn over the call to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Hello, good morning. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, our Chief Financial Officer; Luke Chandler, Chief Economist; and Brent Norwood, Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at your third quarter earnings and spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2019. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our Web site at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our Web site at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. Brent?
Brent Norwood: John Deere completed the third quarter with results reflecting a higher degree of uncertainty over the agricultural sector in North America. Concerns over market access, near-term demand for commodity, and weather continue to challenge the industry and have partially overshadowed a heightened outlook for farm incomes in the U.S. Meanwhile, some foreign markets such as Brazil have showed continued signs of strength as strong crop production and increased exports have benefited the local industry. In construction and forestry, end market demand remained strong, resulting from broad-based industry drivers such a GDP growth, oil and gas activity, and infrastructure investments. With order books extending through most of the fourth quarter, the division is on track for a solid finish to the year. Now, let's take a closer look at our third quarter results beginning on slide three. Net sales and revenue were down 3% to $10 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $899 million or $2.81 per diluted share. The results included a favorable benefit to the provision for income taxes due to U.S. tax reform. Excluding this item, adjusted net income was $867 million or $2.71 per diluted share. On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 3% to $8.969 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by three points while currency translation was negative by two points. Turning to our review of our individual businesses starting with agriculture & turf on slide five, net sales were down 6% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison primarily driven by lower shipment volumes and the negative impact of currency translation, partially offset by positive price realization. Operating profit was $612 million, resulting in a 10.3% operating margin for the division. The year-over-year decline was due to lower shipment volumes, higher product cost, and the unfavorable effects of foreign currency exchange, partially offset by positive price realization. At this point, I would like to welcome to the call our chief economist Luke Chandler to discuss the fundamentals affecting the ag business. Luke?
Luke Chandler: Thanks, Brent. Good morning all. 2019 is proving to be a mixed year for global agriculture. Increasing demand, some higher prices, and government support programs are helping to offset the uncertainties caused by trade disputes, weather setbacks, and disease disruption. As shown on slide six, global stocks of major grain and oil seeds are forecasted fall 3% in 2019 - 2020. Major farm economies around the world are expected to be mostly on par or slightly improved in 2019 year-over-year. While ongoing market access issues have been detrimental to the North American farmer confidence, increased export opportunities emerged for farmers in other parts of the world notably Brazil and Argentina. Turning now to take a closer look at some of the key agricultural economies around the world, beginning with the United States where 2019 has been a volatile one for farmers particularly those in the Corn Belt. The U.S. row crop sector started the year with the USDA forecasting corn ending stocks at the highest level in over 30 years. Soybean ending stocks at near record levels and the smallest amount of wheat acreage planted in U.S. history. As the planting season progressed, cold spring temperatures and the wettest 12-month period in U.S. history brought flooding and record planting delays across major corn and soybean growing regions. The result was heightened on uncertainty around row crop production. This uncertainty was reflected in the USDAs latest estimates released this past Monday which surprised the market particularly the forecast of national corn production. It is worth remembering that there is quite a lot of time remaining in the growing season. In addition to some improvement in prices earlier in the summer, the USDA in May 2019 announced the second round of the market facilitation program or MFP which includes up to $14.5 billion in direct payment to the U.S. farmers. Higher levels of uncertainty regarding final planted and harvested acreage, yield, and MSP details have contributed to wide swing in farmer sentiments throughout the season. Looking ahead to the rest of the crop season, trade uncertainty continues to dampen sentiment across the U.S. farm economy. That said, the impact of the second round of MFP payments leads to forecast the U.S. farm cash received in 2019 as shown on slide seven although full benefit of higher receipts on industry demand maybe somewhat delayed or dampened by the current uncertain environment. Up north of the board of the Canadian farm economy continues to be challenged by lower farm income in 2018 and the overhang of an ongoing trade dispute with China. Wheat prices continued to be pressured by abundant levels of supplies while canola growers fight ongoing Chinese restrictions on imports. As a result, Canadian major crop area and cash receipts are expected to decline yet again this year. And Canadian farmers are proceeding cautiously with new equipment investments even though balance sheet remains solid. On a positive note, this year's profit is benefiting from light season rain after a dry start of the season, modestly improving the needs and farmer sentiment. Moving down to South America, as shown on slide eight, the 2018 - 19 season marked a record year for combine corn and soya production. Rising global demand for grains and oil seeds is also driving the exports forecast to record higher level encouraging prospect for next season as well. In Brazil, the 2019 value of production in local currencies for key grains and oil seeds and sugarcane is expected to be nearly 10% higher than last year. Brazilian farmers are seeking to capitalize on expanded trade opportunities not only in soybean but also in meat products with exports of beef, pork, and poultry all tracking higher on a year-over-year basis. From an equipment demand perspective, the budget shortfall for the motor further [ph] poised industry demand earlier in the year. However, the budget has since been replenished for the new crop year. Overall, the 2019-20 harvest plan is viewed as supportive for the ag sector and equipment demand. Meanwhile Argentinian farmers -- sorry, meanwhile Argentinian farm conditions have rebounded strongly from last season's historic drought. The value of 2019 production is expected to be over 30% higher year-over-year. While ag fundamentals remain solid, political uncertainties create the challenging environment for Argentine financial markets more generally. Still in the southern hemisphere, widespread drought in Australia continues to be the dominant issue shaping the farm economy Down Under. On the East Coast, drought is expected to result in a third consecutive below average winter grain crop albeit southern growing regions have improved from last year. Cotton production is also expected to be significantly lower this year due to constrained water allocation. Conditions on the West Coast has held up much better in recent season and farmers here will be looking for spring rain to finish off this season's winter grain crop. In the EU, the macroeconomic outlook remains clouded by ongoing uncertainty regarding Brexit and whether a deal will be reached between the U.K. and the EU before the October 31 deadline. In the EU agricultural economy conditions are mixed across Europe with grain production expected to recover from last season's drought affected crops. USCI's latest forecast has wheat production up over 10% despite challenges like excessively high temperatures and the lack of rainfall in parts. Core ag markets like France are expected to rebound as a result although the outlook has been tempered by the ensuing lower prices. Looking at the important EU dairy sector, farm incomes which were strained last year in drought condition are expected to benefit from a combination of largely stable prices and lower feed cost in 2019. Moving over the Black Sea region, the current harvest outlook is more favorable than last year with production forecast to be up 3.5% in Russia and nearly 16% in the Ukraine. Wrapping up, while we do see some improvement in farm economies in most major producing regions in 2019, the backdrop of continued high uncertainty and volatility is expected to weigh on the outlook for the ag machinery sector. By region at 2019, Ag and Turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide nine. Ag industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are forecast to be flat to 2019, with the decrease in guidance reflecting the previously mentioned uncertainty in the market. Moving to the EU 28 and the industry outlook is also forecast to be flat in 2019, as the production recovery is tempered by somewhat lower small grain process. In South America, industry sales of practice and combines a project to be flat to up 5% for the year with strength in Brazil balanced by slowness in Argentina, due to the previously mentioned political and economic uncertainty. Shifting to Asia, industry sales are expected to be flat to slightly down as key market growth -- as key growth slow monitoring. Lastly, industry sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2019 based on solid macroeconomic factors, notably continued consumer confidence. I will now turn the call back to Brent Norwood. Brent?
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Luke. Before moving to the 2019 Ag and Turf forecast, I'll provide an update on the first phase of our 2020 planter and sprayer earlier program. As Luke already mentioned, planting was significantly delayed this season, as persistent rains kept farmers out of the fields for weeks. As a result, planting was still underway during the first phase of our earlier program, which negatively impacted early sales progress. Subsequently, we believe this year's phase one results are less indicative of the overall program, since many sales may push to phases two or three. In that context, phase one orders for planters exceeded our expectations with units flat compared to last year. Importantly, the overall sales value is higher due to an uptick on take rates for our most advanced technology and larger planters, so driving increased equipment prices. More than ever this season underscores the immense value of seed and precise placement of the seed while planting. Anecdotally, we heard many examples of customers who were able to plant thousands of acres over a tight three-day window due solely to the use of our exact emerge planter. These anecdotes, minds with the increased take rates from our early order program, demonstrate customer willingness to make investments when the value proposition is strongest. As for the phase one results of our sprayer program. Orders varied significantly between the U.S. and Canada. And the program's overall order book ended down double-digits in the first phase compared to last year. As previously mentioned, conditions in Canada remain challenged due to adverse weather conditions both last season and in this season, as well as FX weakness, and trade barriers on canola. With the skew of Canadian equipment mix towards larger highly featured machines, its impact on the first phase was significant. Sprayer volumes were also down in the U.S., but to a lesser extent than in Canada. The U.S. results were negatively impacted by a tough year-over-year cost in 2018 and delayed spraying the season. It's important to note that customers were just beginning to spray near the end of phase one of our earlier program, driving customers to differ order activity until gaining further clarity on this year's crop. Moving on to our Ag and Turf forecast on slide 10. Fiscal year 2019 sales of worldwide Ag and Turf equipment are now forecasted to be up approximately 2%, which includes a negative currency impact of about two points. Our full-year operating margin forecast is now 10.5% to reflect the previously discussed uncertainty lingering in the U.S., as well as the broadly unfavorable market conditions in Canada, additionally, the negative margin impact of currency development for the year. Now, let's focus on construction and forestry on slide 11. Net sales of about $3 billion, we're up 1%, primarily due to positive price realization for the quarter partially offset by the negative impact of currency translation. Operating profit was $378 million benefiting from increased price realization and a lower impact of Wirtgen purchase accounting partially offset by a less favorable product mix. Moving to slide 12, the economic drivers for the division continue to remain supportive of equipment demand for the year. For 2019, while growth and total construction investment and housing starts has slowed, both remain at overall solid levels for equipment demand. Meanwhile, oil and gas activity continued at solid levels, with oil prices firmly in the 50s and 60s and infrastructure investments are continuing at the state and local level. Furthermore, equipment rental utilization rate remains high while rental rates continue to grow into 2019. Importantly CapEx budgets from the independent rental companies continue at level supportive of further equipment demand. Back then global transportation investment this year is forecasted to grow at about 5%, so growth rates vary by market. The overall positive economic indicators are reflected in a healthy order book which now extends through most of the fourth quarter. Moving to the C&F outlook on slide 13, Deere's Construction & Forestry 2019 sales are now forecasted to be up about 10% compared to last year driven by strong demand for equipment as well as an additional two months of ownership of Wirtgen. Wirtgen's 2019 sales are forecasted to be about $3.2 billion and certain geographies have slowed in recent months. The global forestry market forecast is expected to be flat to up 5% with growth coming primarily from custom linked products in Europe and in Russia. C&F's full-year operating margin is projected to be about 11% with Wirtgen margins in line with the overall division. Let's move now to our financial services operation. Slide 14 shows the provision for credit losses as a percentage of the average loan portfolio, the financial forecast for 2019 shown on the slide contemplates a loss provision of about 18 basis points, the current forecast puts loss provisions below the 10-year average and below the 15-year average as well. Moving to slide 15, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $175 million in the third quarter. For the full-year in 2019, net income forecast is now $620 million compared to previous guidance of $600 million. The higher forecast contemplates a lower tax rate. Slide 16 outlines receivables and inventory. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories entered the quarter up was about $1.1 billion. In the C&F division, the third quarter increase is a result of a higher order book and production schedules for the full-year rise is largely attributable to a historically low field inventory position at the start of 2019. It's worth noting that our forecasted inventory to sales ratio is in line with historic averages. For the quarter increase is due to recent weakness in Canada and deferred retail demand into Brazil as customers anticipated the new program. By the end of year, we forecast a $100 million increase in inventory and receivables. Moving to slide 17, cost of sales for the third quarter was 77% of net sales and our 2019 guidance is about 77% in line with 2018 results. R&D was up about 4% in the third quarter and forecasted to be up 6% in 2019 or 5% excluding Wirtgen. The year-over-year increase 2019 primarily relates to strategic investments in precision ag as well as next generation large ag products. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down 2% in the quarter and projected to be up about 4% for the full year. The decrease in guidance relates in part to a decrease in incentive compensation. Turning to slide 18, the third quarter included -- third quarter included a $24 million benefit to the provision for income taxes resulting in a 21% tax rate for the period. The full-year effective tax rate is now projected to be between 23% and 25%. Slide 19 shows our equipment operation is strong cash. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $3.4 billion in 2019. The reduced guidance reflects a potential $300 million voluntary contribution to our OpEx plan. Company's financial outlook is on slide 20. Our full-year outlook now calls for net sales to be about 4% which includes about three points of price realization and one point related to an additional two months of Wirtgen ownership. On the negative side, we expect the currency to be about a two point headwind for the full-year. Finally, our full-year 2019 net income is now forecasted to be at in our forecast to be $3.2 billion. I will now turn the call over to Ryan Campbell for closing comments. Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Thanks, Brent. Before we respond to your questions, I'd first like to discuss our use of cash priorities and then provide some perspective on our financial performance, given the persistent uncertainty in the market. Like near-term fluctuations in end markets, our use of cash priorities remained the same. We continue to generate strong cash flow throughout the cycle. Importantly, our capital allocation decisions continue to first support our A rating, while also ensuring that we effectively fund operating and growth needs. Next, we will maintain a dividend payout ratio that targets 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings and can be sustained through the cycle. Note that we've increased our dividend by 25% over the last two years and that further increases will be under consideration as we demonstrate progress to our increased profitability goals. Lastly, during the quarter, we repurchased $400 million of stock and we will continue to buy when we can create value for long-term shareholders. Now regarding our financial performance, I want to note that we've significantly invested in next generation large ag products and accelerated our precision ag initiatives. Although while diversifying our construction and forestry division through the Wirtgen acquisition. Additionally, we increased our infrastructure spending to gain efficiencies and modernize systems and enhance our dealer and customer engagement. Beginning in 2017, momentum has built in our ag business in the initial part of our 2019 early order program, which occurred in the summer of 2018 indicated an acceleration of replacements demand. As such, we took the steps required to meet the projected incremental demand. Unfortunately, North American customer sentiment has since deteriorated only due to uncertainty over market access, but also due to weather and the demand impact of African swine fever as these challenges persist, we are now beginning more aggressive action on our cost structure to create a more efficient and nimble organization. These actions which will involve organizational efficiency, a footprint assessment, and an increased focus on investments with the most opportunity for differentiation are in support of our aspiration to achieve 15% structural operating profits by 2022. And will position us to capitalize upon the resumption of replacement demand growth.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Ryan. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the following procedures in consideration of others and hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Angela?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Robert Wertheimer: Hey, it's Rob. Can you hear me?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, we can hear you, Rob.
Robert Wertheimer: I'm so sorry about that. I hit the wrong button. Question is really just as you look into your potential cost savings plan you've also had a nice focus on innovation and maybe a spending policy on innovation, so could you talk about the next, you know, really two or three years on R&D? I mean you are seeing more and more projects that can generate a good return for you and therefore maybe keep that spend high and the cuts are in other areas, or maybe just balance that aspect? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Rob. This is Josh, I'll start. I think as we think about this, and as Ryan noted, it was the continued focus on those things that we think drive the most differentiation and most value creation for our customers, and you've really seen -- so that over the last few years as we've been investing in things like Blue River technology and features that we've been bringing out over the last couple of years, on the precision side, whether it's ExactEmerge or ExactApply, which Brent mentioned earlier, or things like Combine Advisor. So I think the ability to focus and prioritize their will be a key kind of how we operate going forward.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Rob. This is Ryan. We've made significant investments in the building blocks to be able to deliver incremental value to our customers through the use of technology and precision agriculture, and we will continue to do that. What I would say, we're early -- we're delivering measurable value today, but the opportunity, the more we work on it, the opportunity in our minds continues to grow. So we'll continue to have that be a priority for us. Now, at the same time, we're going to look at our global customers and work to find more efficient ways to deliver our products and services, so that we can satisfy their needs as well.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Rob. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning everybody. Josh, last quarter you guys talked about potentially taking production down about 20% and some of the larger facilities, can you just kind of recalibrate us where you're at, kind of where third quarter was, and then what you're thinking for fourth quarter relative to third quarter? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, maybe just to kind of clear out, I think, that was probably not as clear as it as it could have been. As we think about -- the back half of the year, that comment was back-half of the year versus back-half of 2018. So, continue to expect that we will produce less than we did in 2018 similar to what we commented a quarter ago. I think importantly, maybe for a little more clarity is as we think about large tractors, we will underproduce retail demand for large tractors in the North America by a mid single-digit. So, no significant change to where we were a quarter ago, but that continues to be our expectation. All right. Thank you, Seth. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, good morning, everyone. I wonder if you could talk about how much of the cost improvement initiatives that you're looking for improving supply chain performance and on time deliveries and just update us if you wouldn't mind on how the expediting fees and costs shook out this quarter compared to what we had seen earlier this year?
Josh Jepsen: So, from a supply-based perspective we've definitely seen the challenges, the disruptions, delinquencies have come down significantly, we're in better and better shape there. So, operating more and more effectively and efficiently, I think you've seen as it relates to your premium freight. We talked about some acute issues we have seen on small tractors. As we have noted, we expect those to carry into the third quarter, which they did but they've abated and we don't -- do not expect to see those as we go forward. By and large the situation much improved. As you think about cost savings moving forward, I think the opportunities there are, as we move from getting parts in, which was a significant challenge as we ramped in '18 and certainly '19, really shift to how can we spend more time on structural material cost reduction, which we typically have over time. Thanks, Jerry. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. I guess two questions. Just based on what you guys said about. I guess, comment on how you're feeling about channel inventory and specifically on the large ag side as we approach 2020 and whether we'll be in a position in 2020 to produce in line with retail demand, given the under production in the back half of the year. And then I guess my second question, just well, the numbers on construction are obviously good this quarter and it sounds like you have good visibility. But there are some concerns that there's excess inventory on the construction side too. So can you just talk about what you're seeing from your perspective? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I think the inventory overall, I think it's really a question. If you think about large ag in North America, we talked about I just mentioned, the mid single-digit underproduction for large tractors. I think what we expect is particularly in the U.S., what were the actions were taken will -- would allow us to produce to retail demand. Canada as noticed, there's a little more weakness there. So that's a spot that we need to work through further. So that would maybe a bit -- take a bit longer, but in the U.S., we would say we're positioned to do so, as if you think about where we're at from a field inventory perspective in construction. As Brent mentioned, we still got on average, a couple months of order coverage, which is really aligned with where we traditionally run. So those replenishment times have had shorten. And that's -- we say that's a positive thing, which also helps in our ability to react to changing market dynamics. So we still intend to build field inventory during the year, as we've talked about coming off of historical loads. But that's the ability to be quicker on our replenishment allows us to be adjusting more quickly and as needed. So we'll continue to watch that market and make changes while we go forward. So, thank you. We'll go ahead and jump to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning, guys. What if do you see as the biggest changes that are driving the $100 million net income guidance reduction? And then, I think your sales guidance suggests Q4 sales growth year-over-year both in ag and construction and can you talk about kind of what would be driving actual growth in the fourth quarter?
Brent Norwood: Yes, so we think about Ag in the fourth quarter, really the biggest, biggest impact there is in South America and Brazil in particular as we see some growth in that market particularly as we start to prepare for 1Q of spring season in Brazil and in 1Q. There is a little bit of a small tractor as well just from a year-over-year perspective where last year we were trying to build inventory and we had a stronger 3Q and a little bit weaker 4Q in 2019 is a little bit flatter, so those two areas and then there is a little bit of impact as you think about cash receipts improving and some MFP payments that we talked about where we could see some incremental demand, we don't think that's large but could be beneficial. On the C&F side, it's I would say it is more, we got the building inventory that we expected to see and plan for throughout the year that that drives the up from a fourth quarter perspective there.
Ryan Campbell: And this is Ryan, you're thinking about the guide down by $100 million. There's some volume in there in both divisions. There's also a little bit of incremental discount spend particularly as it relates to the Canada market. But what I would say about that is overall we're still expecting 3% price realizations, so those are really some of the moving pieces that took us from 3.3 to 3.2.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Steve. So we can then go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Yes, hi. You know that higher losses on your operating lease residuals in the quarter and also other assets on the balance sheet on that rose 33% year-over-year, suggesting the more used equipment is being returned onto your books. In meantime you're talking about 3% pricing on new equipment. So can you talk about whether new pricing is getting wiped out as farmers buy used equipment and not willing to pay for technology or even vice versa, they're willing to pay for technology on the used market. But that's just cannibalizing used values on equipment that doesn't have technology, I mean what's going on there and are we really talking about a 3% gross price if you've taken the losses on operating residuals into account?
Ryan Campbell: Yes, so I think I mean if you think about used values in particular for large Ag as we are seeing them be pretty stable and I think maybe importantly good condition late model year are actually fetching a premium and there continues to be a demand for technology, whether it's new as we mentioned on the EOPs we are seeing strong adoption. And I think what we're seeing and we're hearing this directly from customers is technology impact is most important as you're going through challenging conditions. So the willingness to invest in technology certainly is there and we're seeing the benefits as we deal with shorter windows execute jobs in the field and that's presence, I say both on new and used. So I think that there's not a lot of differentiation there between those two.
Ann Duignan: And as you think about your initial comment on the operating lease losses note in the quarter, so as you think about when we did lease returns that come back through John Deere Financial, market goes back to dealer channel. So certainly the uncertainty we're seeing from a customer perspective is impacting the environment right now. And we as we have in the past have decided to move some aged inventory in order to not carry that for another used season and as a result of that, we've seen some pressure on recovery rates and that's what was reflected here in the quarter? I think as we go forward, we continue to be really mindful of what's coming due and how do we work with the customers and the dealers to best manage that. And maybe one thing worth noting there is as we look forward, we actually see less lease maturities in the forward-looking 12 months than we have in the most recent 12 months. So we'll continue managing that and be mindful of what we're doing there.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Thanks a lot. Good morning everybody. My question is really the pathway from where you seem to be guiding margins in 2019 somewhere in the low to mid 9% range to the goal to be at 15%, mid-cycle operating margins by 2022. The margins headwinds that you had through 2019 appear to be dissipating similar to the FX headwind called out for ag and turf. If you exclude those headwinds, could you help us with what 2019 margin would have looked like, I guess I'm just trying to understand that over the next couple years, should we expect pretty healthy margins snap back in 2020 absent those headwinds or is the gap closure to goal that 15% more weighted to 2021?
Brent Norwood: Yes, thanks Andy. Yes, you're right. I mean if you look at our ag and turf division for the year, the combination of FX and mix are a little more than a 1.5 of margin drag in 2019. So that is a significant component there. And then as we've talked about quite a bit of the material in the premium freight has been, has been a drag as well on margins. I think as we look forward and as we've talked about in the past in the fourth quarter, we expect material to improve and be favorable. Similarly in response to Gary's question we don't expect to see that the high level of premium freight that we have for the first three months of the year. Those are all things that that we would expect to see improvement. And then add to Ryan's comments as we move forward, we're continuing to look to take actions to deliver improved margins. So cost reduction is going to be a component of that not only in 2020 but as we go forward through 2022. The other things remain the same that we are accelerating and feel really good about is adoption of precision ag and what we can do from a differentiated value perspective for our customers. Our ability to grow our aftermarket parts and services business and the successful integration of Wirtgen all of those things are the recipe to get us from where we are today to the aspirational target to that 15% in 2022.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Andy, we will go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashish Gupta with Stephens. Your line is open.
Ashish Gupta: Thanks. Good morning. Just a clarification on the order book in ag, I think last quarter it would be May, you talked about it being out this September which would be roughly four months and now you kind of seems like talking about 4Q mostly covered which would sort of imply roughly two months be consistent with sort of the uncertainty commentary. But I just wanted to kind of clarify if that's the right way to think about it?
Brent Norwood: So the mostly covered was in reference actually to construction forestry where we've got about two months on average there in the construction book. As you think about large tractors, that's where we're well into November. And if you look at both 8,000 or 9,000 Series tractors. So we've got further coverage there again albeit on a lower schedule but we've got, I think pretty similar visibility to what we did a quarter ago.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Josh, how do you think about the divergent trends that you're seeing in the EOP so far and maybe it's early days but just kind of out of the gate what you're seeing in combines to try to understand what the underlying demand level is and indications heading into next year where it sounds like planters good trends but highly technology oriented and then in a sprayer seeing the drag there and just trying to understand how you guys are sort of parsing through that to think about the direction of demand?
Ryan Campbell: Yes, this is a great question, Joe. I mean I think as Brent mentioned EOP started in June. Historically when we started in June just because the planting season is over, so with that backdrop planting occurring well into June, where we think the first date may not be good as an indicator of what we expect in the year to come happy with the past because of the level of uncertainty there. Sprayers really markets as Brent mentioned Canada down more significantly and that's impactful because of the high level of technology as well as machines you see in Canada that are typically ordered there, so that has been impactful, U.S. maybe one dynamic that's a little bit different for the U.S. even though we're down double-digits but you're a little bit better, Ag service providers you will make up nearly a third of the industry and they've been delayed perceptions obviously not doing really any spraying or much spraying at all in May and then limited amounts in June. So anecdotally I think the conversations there said they've deferred and then delayed some of their CapEx decisions until we get a little bit deeper into the season. So I think that's been -- that's kind of played out over time. So we'll continue to see what very few looks like for those programs, but I think the positive news is customer's willingness to invest in technology where they can see value in positive outcomes. And in addition to that, you look at what we saw on exact emerge growth in our take rates there, similar on exact supply. So continued progress, as it relates to combines still really early. We're two weeks in, so we'll continue to monitor that and provide some insight as we get to the fourth quarter. That program kicked-off in the first part of this month and runs through January. So we'll see how that that evolves as we go forward.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Joe. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you. I know you just went through a lot right there but I'm trying to understand with one quarter to go when you target year-end inventory in receivables, it's making a statement about the next year assume demand profile. Can you help us a bit with what kind of demand profile did you bake into your assumption for those year-end inventory targets?
Ryan Campbell: If you think of ag and turf in particular, I would say the two things that are really impact where we're ending and seeing what changed from our previous guide. I mean one is some weakness that we've seen in Canada that that's represented there and a little bit higher inventory receivables. And then the other piece would be Brazil. And as we look forward to the first quarter in that market and the expectations there given some of the factors Luke mentioned in terms of strong margins, really strong crops that we expect translates to see some positive end market changes there.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks David. We will go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Steven Volkmann: Hi, good morning guys. So my question is around pricing and the three points of prices is pretty impressive and I guess I'm just trying to figure out, I think you try not to capture mixed. So things like exact emerge and sort of the value there is not in the 3%, if I'm not mistaken and I'm just curious how you can push that much price and what the outlook might be as we sort of go out a little bit further?
Ryan Campbell: As it relates to price, you're right in your commentary that that is like for like and does not include features or things that would be he added on. So that's fair. So those kind of things would show up in mix and not in our price realization. So that's correct. Yes, if you think about price, I think you're kind of how and why are we able to get it. I think it's really been able to deliver value to the customers and understanding the economic inputs and outcomes that we're able to deliver and I think we had a number of customers talked about it, the ability with exact converts for example to plant 3000 acres in three days and the only three days of good weather they had. That's a really big advantage to be able to have that and execute that and that's a difference can be the difference being getting a crop at all versus not. As you think about going forward, we've averaged over the last decade on our quick operations about two and a half points of price and as we look forward, I think we've been higher this year in the net average probably get closer to that average as we step forward.
Brent Norwood: Yes, what I would say I mean as we think about the total value of our production system with respect to the equipment and technology and the service and support that our dealer network can provide as we feel comfortable that there's some significant incremental value that we can continually add for our customers. And so that's how we think about pricing. Now as Josh said, when something new comes out it doesn't come into pricing but updates or year-over-year comparisons to things that have already been out. That does come into pricing but that overall total value that we can bring with the products, the technology and the service and support that our dealers can provide give us comfort that that our pricing is well within bounds and Josh indicated it is within our historical ranges.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. We'll go to our next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard: Hi, good morning guys. So just wanted to circle back on the cost savings, so just want to get a sense for like what the control order of magnitude could be. How are you splitting that between each business Sprint business line and also just like the timeframe to enact and then hit the full run rate. And then secondly just a question on the low horsepower tractor you just want to get a sense for your comfort with the channel inventory and how you're thinking about production versus retail demand?
Ryan Campbell: Yes, this is Ryan. So, on the cost side, we're not ready to provide that level of detail. What I would say is we've taken targeted actions already in the third quarter, we've got some contemplated in the fourth quarter, the total of those are relatively small at this point, they would total about $25 million in cost. We're prepared to provide an update with our fourth quarter earnings call as we give our 2020 outlook on what those might mean to 2020 and going forward. What I'd just say it's an acknowledgement that cost reduction is going to be just a larger component of our path from today's margins to the 15% aspirational margins that we haven't missed cycle in 2022.
Brent Norwood: And maybe just follow-on relative to contractor, I think broadly I think we feel comfortable with where we're at from an inventory level and we're pretty much aligned in line with where the industry is and we'll continue to be strong end market demand there really driven by general economic conditions in the U.S. in particular. So thank you.
Josh Jepsen: We will go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Yes, thank you. Good morning and just to follow-up on that can you help me understand if the cost actions that you're talking about are sort of driven by the changes in the end markets expected production volumes et cetera or this is more structural in nature longer term planned and maybe the second part of my question is on Wirtgen, I love an update there and maybe your view on margin here because it seems to me like your outlook for margins has ticked down. And I'm wondering how we should be thinking about this business go forward? Thanks.
Brent Norwood: Thanks Mig, I will start on Burkett. Yes, so I mean if you think about Burkett overall, really strong third quarter which we expect that we talked about that. So essentially about 60% margins in if you kind of take out purchase accounting last year, that's actually similar margins on a slightly lower sales level. So we feel good about the way that business is performed. Margins did come in some for the full-year really driven by changes in mix, in their business as you have seen some shifts as well as under production on a couple of their brands as we align order fulfillment strategies as part of our integration. So as we are going to under produce and are under producing to some extent this year that is impacting their margins but we think that's the right thing to do to position ourselves forward for going forward there. So I mean in summary on Wirtgen, strong margin performance in the quarter, continue to feel really good about that business, confidence in 125 million of synergies and we continue marching down that path and provide updates as we go.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, on the cost reduction side, the plans are really focused on longer-term structural changes in our cost structure as opposed to lever pulling given where we are in the cycle but more to come in fourth quarter earnings call for that.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you, Mig. I will go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi, good morning guys. Just a quick clarification on the $25 million that you talked about being out of the third and fourth quarter, is that a run rate and is that currently embedded in the $100 million guidance reduction. And then secondly, when you talked about early orders, you talked about them being flat in units up because of precision Ag. Can you give us any more granularity on whether the uptick of things like ExactEmerge are continuing to see a step function higher or is it roughly at the same 35% level and just grinding incrementally higher? Thanks.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, on the EOP side we saw that move from kind of that a third of planters going with ExactEmerge up to around 40% and that's just the exact numbers but we're also seeing just larger planters, so I think about with bigger planters and more highly featured both of those things are contributing to that that value being up as Brent noted. 
Brent Norwood: On the cost side, those are one-time costs. I wouldn't conclude that that's the run rate. And it is embedded in the $100 million reduction in guidance that we have.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Courtney. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry De Maria with William Blair. Your line is open.
Larry De Maria: Hey, good morning. Thank you. Just curious, did your outlook contemplate the USDA report just came out and did that change your thinking at all since it came out, because it sounds like you still expect farmers to use some of their MFP cash to buy equipment in your fiscal fourth quarter? So I'm guessing not. So maybe it plays out over time? And secondly, where do you guys stand on planted acreage and yield now? I dont know if you differ from where expectations are? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, so maybe I'll start with the fundamental part of the question with regard to planted acreage and yield. And obviously, what the USDA released on Monday, surprised the market, particularly on the corn, I'd say more harvested areas than planted, and certainly the yield. So the limit down moving in corn price has caught a lot of people by surprise. So that's kind of what we have at the moment to work with, I guess what we would say is that, there's still a long way to go in this growing season. Obviously, we've had a lot of abnormal weather. With the delay planning, there is a lot of variability in crop progress from the western side of the corn belt, where it's looking a lot better across to the eastern side, where there's a lot more variability. Obviously, the light of planning, development opens up windows for early crops and those sorts of things. So -- and certainly history shows us that final yield numbers can vary relatively significantly from these August estimates, so the methodology that the USDA uses changes as we go through the crop season. And as we get into harvest and get some actual harvest data, we might see that changing as we go forward. So we'll be obviously watching that closely. And that'll be important in terms of what it means to final production. And that's crucial ending stocks number.
Ryan Campbell: And I think, Larry, what do you think about kind of the MFP impact? Certainly very, I mean, farmer-to-farmer, you get very different situations in terms of the size and health of their crops, whether or not they market a grain in May, June, as prices ran out. So there's a lot of dynamics, I think that'll impact, if and when they use some of that from a cash receipt perspective.
Luke Chandler: Yes, I guess just to add on to that Josh, like that the MFP has really been a shot in the arm for U.S. farmers, when you think about the cash receipts, it provides the boost for 2019 so it listed to its highest levels in 2014. And it certainly helps, given some of the issues that we've got with trade uncertainties and the impact that we've seen this week on commodity prices. So some of them will have been able to benefit from marketing old crop docks as what were some of the highest prices, we had in five years earlier in the year, they've been able to market forward at higher prices as well. And obviously, we'll wait to see what it means for equipment demand given the uncertain conditions we have.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Larry. We'll go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi, thank you. A few addresses that I apologize if I missed it. Your implied construction equipment margins for the fourth quarter. I mean, on a year-over-year basis, it looks like a pretty solid decline, despite sales are up. And if I missed something that explains why the margin performance would all of a sudden roll like that. My apologies but can you explain why thats the case?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, you're saying in the fourth quarter?
David Raso: Yes, the margin guidance for the full-year is 11%, I believe correct. So that implies, 9.6 or something of that nature for the fourth quarter and that that'd be down year-over-year, despite sales up 6%. And just given us -- having a pretty strong run of margins, I wasn't sure, if something was changing on incentives for dealers or mix or something I'm missing?
Ryan Campbell: Yes, David. It's Ryan. I think mix is a component of that. The other aspect of that is construction as a different material, commodity footprint. And so overall benefits that we're projecting to see in that -- in the fourth quarter on material costs, part of that is positive in ag, construction is still not yet seeing that benefit. The other thing is pricing -- our pricing comparison gets a little bit tougher. There are some actions that we took in the fourth quarter of last year that improved our pricing. So the compare -- the comparison gets a little bit tougher in the fourth quarter for construction, those are really the puts and takes associated with the margin performance that we're projecting for the fourth quarter in construction.
David Raso: Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks David. Okay, we'll take one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Hi, thank you for taking the follow-up. I'm just wondering if we can expand conceptually on the cost reduction opportunity and the buckets of savings because as we look at the manufacturing footprint that you folks have pretty streamlined already a big tooling upgrade on the Tier 4 transition as well. So can you just help us understand the major buckets of opportunities as we are talking about improving the cost structure further from here in a bit more context? If you don't mind obviously, we'll get more detailed numbers next quarter as you mentioned, but any qualitative comments would be helpful?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, so I think, Ryan kind of laid out kind of the three areas in terms of kind of organizational efficiency. I think the second one is you think about footprint. I think there, we are single source for a lot of our products on a global basis. So we feel good about our capacity, so we start to look at how do we make sure we're focused and prioritize on those things that add most value for our customers and then those are going to be the two most important areas.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, Jerry. So we're not ready to breakout those buckets. Although, its is all three that we're going to focus on and fourth quarter will provide an update on where we are, what it means to 2020 and kind of our view towards margin improvement all the way up to 2022 to hit our aspirational targets.
Josh Jepsen: So thank you, Jerry. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate it. We will be around, so please reach out, if you got questions. And have a good weekend. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-05-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to John Deere & Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn over the call to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Hello, good morning. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, our Chief Financial Officer; Cory Reed, President of Ag and Turf Division and Brent Norwood, Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2019. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. Brent?
Brent Norwood: John Deere completed the second quarter with solid results despite uncertain conditions in the agricultural sector. While near term ag markets remain challenging in the U.S., foreign markets such as Brazil showed signs of strength. Additionally, the ag division continues to make solid progress, advancing our technology investments and innovative new product programs. In construction and forestry, end market demand remained strong, resulting from broad based industry drivers such a GDP growth, oil and gas activity and infrastructure investments. With order books extending into the fourth quarter, the division is on track for a solid finish to the year. Now, lets take a closer look at our second quarter results beginning on Slide 3. Net sales and revenues were up 6% to $11.3 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $1.135 billion or $3.52 per diluted share. On Slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 5% to $10.273 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 4 points, while currency translation was negative by 4 points.  At this point, Id like to welcome to the call Cory Reed, President of Ag and Turf with responsibility for sales and marketing in the Americas, as well as a number of platforms, including precision ag and crop harvesting. Over his 20 plus year career at Deere, Cory has held many roles within the Ag and Turf division and the most recently served as President of John Deere Financial.
Cory Reed: Thanks Brent. Ill start with a review of our agriculture and turf business on Slide 5. Net sales were up 3% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, primarily driven by higher shipment volumes and price realization, partially offset by negative impact of currency translation. Operating profit was $1.019 billion, resulting in a 14% operating margin for the division. During the quarter price realization offset material and freight inflation, while other production costs ran slightly higher than expected. With regards to material cost inflation, keep in mind that our steel contracts operate on a three to six month lag to spot prices. Lastly, changes in currency had an unfavorable impact to the margins of 1.5%. Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at the fundamentals affecting the ag business, on Slide 6. Despite high production levels forecasted for the 19 and 20 season, corn's global stock to use ratio is expected to decline in response to record consumption outpacing supply. Conversely, wheat stock to use ratio is projected to increase in 19 and 20 due to a sharp production recovery from last years drought stricken regions, such as Europe and Australia. Meanwhile, Soybean stock to use ratio was forecasted to remain at elevated levels through 19 and 20 marketing year in response to higher than expected yields in U.S. and the ongoing trade dispute between the U.S. and China. The inventory increase is further compounded by uncertainty for near term global demand as the African swine fever has significantly diminished the herd size in China. Slide 7 outlines U.S. principal crop cash receipts, an important indicator for equipment demand. 2019 principal crop cash receipts are estimated to be roughly $117 billion, a decline of 4% since last quarter, reflecting the recent pressure on commodity prices resulting from rising stocks, diminished market access and near term demand uncertainty. The confluence of these factors compounded further by U.S. late planting seasons have adversely affected farmer sentiment in recent weeks. As a result, further trade progress between the U.S. and China is becoming increasingly important to the near term sentiment. By region, our 2019 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 8. Industry sales in U.S. and Canada are forecasted to be flat to up 5% for 2019. However, as near term fundamentals have weakened, we anticipate large ag industry sales to be on the lower end of that range with Canadian demand turning negative due to adverse weather and currency fluctuations and further complicated by tariffs on certain crops, such as canola and lentils. Our small ag equipment compact tractors continued to show a strong order book for 2019, driven by healthy U.S. economy and GDP growth, while growth from midsized tractors is more modest due to the softness in the livestock and dairy sector. Moving on to the EU 28, the industry outlook is forecast to be flat in 2019, stabilized by healthy margins for the arable and dairy sectors in the south and west regions, offsetting less favorable conditions in the north central and northeast regions. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be flat up 5% for the year with strength in Brazil balanced by slowness in Argentina on account of high inflation and political uncertainty. Farmer sentiment remains quite positive in Brazil, which had a very strong first half of the year. Farm margins in the region continue to be supportive of equipment demand and sentiment has been boosted following record corn and soybean harvest in 2019. We experienced positive farmer sentiment at the recent Agri Show where equipment sales continued at healthy levels. Furthermore, this years Agri Show featured the initial launch of our leading technologies to the Brazilian market, products such as Combine Advisor, Exact Emerge and Exact Apply were well received during their debut. Shifting to Asia, industry sales are expected to be flat to slightly down as key growth markets slow modestly. Lastly, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2019 based on solid economic factors that are supported by continued consumer confidence. Putting this all together on Slide 9, fiscal year 2019 sales of worldwide agriculture and turf equipment are now forecasted to be up approximately 2%, which includes a negative currency impact of about 3 points. The reduction from previous guidance relates to recent softness in the North American large ag and dairy markets, as well as our decision to under-produce retail for the remainder of the year. Furthermore, were reducing our full year operating margin forecast from 12% to 11% to reflect unfavorable movements in volume and mix, as well as the impact of the lower production schedules. Also, the unfavorable impact of currency is over a point. Before moving on to Construction & Forestry, Id like to acknowledge the challenging conditions that many of our customers are facing right now. As such, wed like to highlight a key initiative that is producing positive results for producers, and helping them better manage the many variables affecting their operations, even while end markets remain difficult. Over five years ago, the agriculture and turf division began executing the deliberate shift towards the crop production systems business model. This strategy reframed our approach to innovation and deeply impacted three primary areas of business; number one, our product portfolio planning; number two, our go-to-market strategy; and number three, the integration of precision ag technologies. Our production system strategy ensures that innovation efforts focus on the entire system of producing a crop, leveraging the entire suite of Deere products from the field prep to planting, protecting and harvesting, driving tremendous value for our customers by maximizing yields and decreasing input costs. The results from this approach have been clear. Today, Deere is producing meaningfully differentiated technology and has achieved its highest North American market share in over a decade. The strategys first step involved in focusing efforts on product portfolios that optimize a crop system. To do this, we formed production system innovation teams organized by crops, such as corn, soy and small grains. These teams ensure innovation focuses on farming jobs that address our customers' biggest pain points and have the most potential to unlock value. The team then work across the various product platforms to allocate R&D investments accordingly. Next, we engage our dealer channel to focus on the agronomic impact of our equipment. To do this, we conducted LEAD events around the country, LEAD standing for Leading Economic and Agronomic Decisions. These events hosted local customer demonstrations showing the agronomic impact of our technology and equipment. Today, many dealers now employ agronomist, and host their own LEAD events. Lastly, our integrated precision ag technologies are the most critical enabler of our production system strategy. Today, John Deere is the global leader in precision agriculture and our unique combination of best-in-class machinery, dealer channel and advanced technologies deliver improved outcomes for every pass, every field and every season, bringing real value to farming operations with both reduced costs and increased yields. Precision Ag is the common thread across each production step, helping farmers and helping producers to manage their operations. It allows farmers to use the same guidance line from planting to spraying, or leverage a common display interface through each step. Increasingly, agronomic data is driving farming decisions and our digital platform provides an opportunity to integrate data across all the production steps and to use it through the entire season to create real value. The John Deere operations center is our digital platform that allows farmers to plan their work in the off season, monitor and control their operations in real-time and then analyze all the data. Today, we are the only ag OEM to have a comprehensive digital ecosystem, combining both agronomic and machine data into one application. Today, the operation center has over 145 million unique engaged acres in its system globally, leveraging data across each production step results in making decisions differently. It also allows for the precise soil prep at the beginning of season. It makes each seed count in planting and gives every seed the best opportunity for success during the season. It makes every drop count in applications, adding the right amount at the right location, whether nutrient, herbicide, or pesticide. And lastly, it makes every grain and farming output count in harvesting so that farmers get maximum value from the work theyve done throughout the season. Even small changes in these items can produce tremendous value for our customers, driving better yield and lowering cost of their operations. With each production step, equipment can use the data gathered from every pass as connected machines deliver data to the cloud. Simply put, each production step informs the next and subsequent steps can measure the outcomes of prior steps. In order to unlock the power of data, we've designed our digital systems to be as open as possible. Our systems, in other words, are compatible with those of many other industry players. Openness is an easy thing to say but a more challenging thing to do. At John Deere, were committed to growing our leadership position as the most open platform in the industry based on these three important factors: number one, customer control; number two, customer choice; and number three, compatibility. Our first guiding principle is that customers control their data, while Deere provides the most secured means to protect their privacy. That said, customers do not farm alone and often employ trusted advisors as an integral part of their operation and the decisions they make. John Deere Operations Center gives customers the control to grant access to whomever they choose, providing secure collaboration environment for farmers. Regarding customer choice, the operation center maintains over 115 connected third-party providers. It provides unparalleled access to the industry leaders. From aerial image services to farm profitability providers, these connected partners make our digital platform more valuable and easier to use for customers. Lastly, John Deere has a history of leading the industry in machine and technology compatibility. Thus, ensuring that our equipment works well in multi-colored fleets. We help pioneer the creation of standards that enable equipment interoperability, such as ISOBUS, the ADAPT standard and AgGateway. Our compatibility efforts also enable customers with mix fleets to bring their data into the operations center. In summary, while weve made great strides to-date, were still in the early innings of executing this strategy. One of our next steps involves rolling out our latest technology to new markets, such as Brazil. As I mentioned, were just now introducing Exact Emerge, Exact Apply and Combine Advisor to the Brazilian market, and have been very encouraged by the early results. We look forward to updating investors as we move ahead in these areas in the future. Ill now turn the call back over to Brent Norwood. Brent?
Brent Norwood: Thanks, Cory. Now, lets focus on Construction & Forestry on Slide 11. Net sales of $2.99 billion were up 11%, a result of increased shipments and positive price realization for the quarter, partially offset by the negative impact of currency translation. Operating profit was $347 million, largely benefiting from increased price realization, shipment volumes and a lower impact of Wirtgen purchase accounting, partially offset by higher production costs and less favorable product mix. Moving to Slide 12, the economic drivers for the division remain broad based and supportive of continued equipment demand for the year. For 2019, total construction investment and housing starts are both slowing, but do remaining supportive. Meanwhile, oil and gas activity hovers at solid levels for equipment demand growth with oil prices firmly in the mid 60s, and infrastructure investments are growing at the state and local level. Furthermore, equipment rental utilization remains high, while rental rates continue to grow in 2019. Importantly, CapEx budgets from the independent rental companies continue at levels supportive of further equipment demand. Lastly, global transportation investment this year is forecast to grow at about 4%, though results vary by market and product line. The overall positive economic indicators are reflected in a healthy order book, which is now extending into the fourth quarter. Moving to the C&F outlook on Slide 13. Deere's Construction & Forestry 2019 sales are now forecasted to be up about 11% compared to last year, driven by strong demand for equipment, as well as an additional two months ownership of Wirtgen. Wirtgen's 2019 forecasted sales have been reduced slightly as certain geographies have slowed in recent months. The global Forestry market forecast is expected to be flat to up 5% with growth coming primarily from cut-to-length products in Europe and Russia. C&Fs full year operating margin is projected to be about 11.5% with Wirtgen margins forecasted to be above that. Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 14 shows the provision for credit losses as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. The financial forecast for 2019 shown on the slide contemplates a loss provision of about 23 basis points. Current forecast puts loss provisions on par with the 10 year average and below the 15 year average. Moving to Slide 15. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $121 million in the second quarter. For the full year, in 2019, net income forecast is now $600 million compared to previous guidance to $630 million. The reduced forecast contemplates a higher provision for credit losses. Slide 16 outlines receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter up $1.3 billion. In the C&F division, the second quarter increase is a result of a higher order book and production schedule, while the full year rise is largely attributable to a historically low field inventory position at the beginning of 2019. It's worth noting that our forecasted inventory to sales ratio is below the 10 year average. For Ag, the quarters increase is due to continued demand for small ag products, and a front-end loaded production schedule for large ag. By the end of the year, we forecast $50 million decrease in inventory and receivables compared to 2018 due to reduced production schedules. Moving to Slide 17, cost of sales for the second quarter was 75% of net sales and our 2019 guidance is about 76%, down about a point from 2018. R&D was up about 10% in the second quarter and forecasted to be up 6% in 2019, or 5% when excluding Wirtgen. The year-over-year increase in 2019 primarily relates to strategic investments in precision ag, as well as next generation new product development programs for large ag product lines. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down 1% in the quarter, and projected to be up about 6% for the full year or 5% excluding Wirtgen. Turning to Slide 18. For the quarter, the equipment operations tax rate was 22% and the full year effective tax rate is still projected to be between 24% and 26%. Slide 19 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $4.1 billion in 2019, up from $3.3 billion in 2018. The companys financial outlook is on Slide 20. Our full year outlook now calls for net sales to be up about 5% which includes about 3 points of price realization and one point related to an additional two months of Wirtgen ownership. On the negative side, we expect currency to be about a 3 point headwind for the year. Finally, our full year 2019 net income is now forecast at $3.3 billion. I will now turn the call over to Ryan Campbell for closing comments. Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Thanks Brent. Before we respond to your questions, Id like to share some thoughts on current ag industry fundamentals and our response to a very dynamic environment. First, its important to acknowledge the confluence of difficulties impacting U.S. farmers in recent months. In addition to persistent uncertainty around global trade and market access, grain framers are also contending with weather related planting delays and uncertain near term demand prospects due to African swine fever. The resulting decline in commodity prices have taken a toll on farmer sentiment and correspondingly our large ag sales forecast has countdown. Deere has historically been quick to respond to end market fluctuations, and weve already taken action this year by reducing factory schedules. Furthermore, we are actively identifying opportunities to further manage costs, while continuing to invest for the long term. Ultimately, these measures ensure we'll be best positioned at year end to respond to market dynamics in 2020. Importantly, the underlying fundamentals of replacement demand remain intact, even if the market faces current headwinds. As such, we expect a continued gradual recovery to resume once these challenges abate. The hours and age of the fleet along with the technology advancements included in our latest offerings will continue to drive demand. As Cory noted, our production systems approach prioritizes investments that produce cost savings or yield enhancements for farmers. Many of the current pressures today illustrate the need for technology to help farmers adapt to an ever changing and fluid environment. Lastly, the long term positive fundamentals for agriculture remain enact, and we continue to see a growing need for technology to transform farming practices. Our proven ability to perform throughout the cycle combined with our leadership in precision agriculture give us confidence in our ability to deliver strong results over the long term for our customers and investors.
Josh Jepsen: Now, were ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow all of you to participate, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, please rejoin the queue. Angela?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: I was hoping we can start with the domestic farm equipment business. What are shipment volumes looking like? What were they here in the second quarter? What are you planning for the second half of the fiscal year? And then could you also talk about used equipment market trends, the weakness -- have we seen any weakness unfolding there? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: If we start thinking about shipment volumes, as we think about the latter portion of the year with what weve seen given the uncertainty and our move to reduce production levels, we'll see lower production shipments in the second half of the year. So thats definitely the case. I mean, if you look at couple of our larger facilities on a unit basis, theyll be down second half -- compared to second half of 2018 in the 20% range. I think from a used perspective, we continue to see that market be stable. Pricing has been stable, I'd say by and large were very comfortable with where were at. And if you look at combines, there has been some conversation on combines ticking up. Seasonally, thats normal in that new retail combines are being sold and youre taking trades and those trades dont move until you get closer to the harvest. So we think thats a normal pattern, but we feel good about where were at today.
A - Cory Reed: Adam, this is Cory. I was going to say that on the late model used, in particular, what weve seen is high demand. If you look at volumes, they've come down since the 2014 timeframe. So you have a lot of the late-model used has been moved into the market and lot of folks are looking for late models. And thats driving what some of the continued demand in the market today is replacement demand is really holding the market in there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: On the decision to under-produce -- to reduce inventory, is that isolated specifically to North America, or are there other regions also doing that. And the reason I ask is it looks like youre set up to hold margins for ag and turf in the second half in the mid 10% range despite that 20% down number. Im just wondering if there is any anything going on in other regions?
Josh Jepsen: Andy, when we look at that under production, Id say its really North America and in large ag. In particular, there is maybe a little bit of that as you look at mid-size equipment but that is mostly a U.S. and Canada issue. Thank you. Well go ahead and jump to the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Chad Dillard: So with a tougher environment in large ag. To what extent are you changing the pricing assumptions, or funding allocated to any discounting or motions as we go into the 2020 early order programs for the planters and sprayers?
Josh Jepsen: As we think about pricing and as noted with our guidance, we havent seen a change. So were still expecting about 3 point of price with both divisions participating, so no major change there. I think a big part of that is continuing to manage used, and as we calibrate and reduce production levels thats all trying to keep that in balance. So Id say no major shift in terms of our view.
Cory Reed: No, Id agree. On the price side., were holding through the remainder of the year, and well have very similar programs as we open up those early order programs going into next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Just color on potential cost cutting that you guys alluded to. Obviously, youre little more concerned about the market, were cutting production levels. I mean what would you need to see to take actions on the cost side? And is this only if trade war stuff doesnt get resolved? I'm just trying to understand the opportunity and what levers you could pull? Thank you.
Cory Reed: I mean, I think as weve gone through this before, always start certainly managing production levels and trying to manage field inventory and where were at and what we want to deliver there. So thats certainly step one as we go through there. I think the cost side is the combination of continuing to invest in the long term. And how do we protect R&D and continue to invest in the product. Really good example of our view on that is as we went through 15 and '16, we continued investing in R&D and were able to deliver products, like Combine Advisor and like the ExactApply and the sprayers that came out during that time that had we pulled too hard on those, may have been impacted. So we want to take a long term view from an R&D perspective, but then, look, certainly they cost opportunities. So I think those are the things that were continuously looking at, and then well be looking at regardless of the environment in terms of costs.
Ryan Campbell: I think one of the factors that youre seeing now, as we reduced production schedules. There's a bit of inefficiency that comes into our factories, and so that takes a little bit of time to work that out. And were certainly committed to working that out. The other aspect on our SA&G budgets, well continue to look at those. But one aspect to that is were investing in customer support initiatives in order to support all of the precision ag and production systems approach that Cory has alluded to and offers like connected support and expert alerts are truly differentiated in the industry. So were going to be surgical about this. But for sure, were taking a look at it and theres some opportunity certainly to the extent things potentially get worse.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Related to Jamies question, I think earlier in the year, you were talking about something in the area of around $850 million cost headwinds that you had in 2019, and tied to materials inflation and tariffs and supply chain constraints and currency, but when we think about things that you can manage. Can you give us any sense of the opportunities that you have within those cost headwinds to address some of them and quantify kind of what that opportunity set looks like, by how much you could take that down independent of what happens with currency, for example?
Cory Reed: Joe, I would say starting just at the high level we've talked about I think material and steel, in particular is progressing as we expected, because of the lagging of our contracts as we get into the third quarter on the ag and turf side on hot rolled coil, we start to see that come down. So you'd expect to see some of that benefit end of the third quarter and into fourth quarter. Now as we pull back production, you see the impact or benefit is dampened as a result of that. You also have the 301 tariffs that we've talked about from China. A quarter ago, we've talked about $100 million impact. Wed say its somewhere between $75 million to $100 million, but thats a bit of a moving target right now, given some of the uncertainty of how and when that will be put into place, but thats considered there. And then the other piece weve talked about is then on the logistic side. So while by and large weve seen less premium freight, we continue to have some critical components that were bringing in that we have air freight. As noted a quarter ago, that will continue into the third quarter. And overall, there has been just higher rates for freight as a result of availability and really low unemployment. So those will be the things that weve been talking about that have impacted us, and refers to the initial part of your question there, Joe. I think as Ryan just mentioned on cost, something that we are always looking at, continuing to look at. I dont know that we want to talk about or quantify what could be. But I think there is continued focus in terms of how do we do that, both from the material side, as well as from cost structure SA&G and the like. Thank you, well go ahead and go to the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Just wanted to clarify on the executions for under-production in the second half, I just want to make sure that I heard it down 20%. And then secondly, just wanted to also make sure that is assuming that there is no trade resolution in the back half of the year. And that obviously, the AFS situation persists. I just wanted to understand, is there any upside risk. If there is a trade resolution that you could change those production plans, or is that kind of set in stone at this point?
Joshua Jepsen: So, Id say as we think about whats going on with the forecast, I would say were not assuming trade resolution. I think from a quarter ago to today, trade uncertainty has persisted plus the wet weather conditions and then things like ASF that are impacting near term demand. So those are all contemplated. Weve not assumed -- we get resolution at this point. And as a result, this is why we are taking down production in an effort to calibrate our field inventory and where we want to end the year to position ourselves for 2020. The only thing Id point out on that comment on the 20%, thats a couple of our factories this is an example of large ag factory, so thats not broadly across the entire division. But on a production unit basis, thats the magnitude we are seeing in the few of our larger facilities. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Tim Thein with Citi. Your line is open.
Tim Thein: First, Cory, maybe just I want to make sure I have clarified your comments early on pricing. You alluded it. As we think about pricing for '20 and something like a very similar program, I think you said. You dont mean -- I mean its early but youre not anticipating similar levels of price increases for '20. Is that correct or I just want to make sure
Cory Reed: Tim, my comment was related to the early order programs that wed see very similar early order programs that weve run in the past. That was the comment.
Josh Jepsen: No, commentary on pricing at this point and what we expect in the upcoming year.
Tim Thein: And Josh maybe just quickly on Wirtgen. You're two quarters in a row, obviously, the global economic environment has moved around a bit. But some of the other players in that general market have kind of been holding more steady, so in terms of their commentary, maybe just a sentence or two on Wirtgen and what changed there from a geographic perspective?
Josh Jepsen: So our Wirtgen outlook is down about $100 million in sales, and about half of thats FX related. So Id say its really, Tim, looking at the markets that we mentioned before, China, Turkey, Argentina, Russia. And then we have seen some mix shifting in markets like India, which is -- were actually seeing movement out of concrete paving into asphalt. So from the market share perspective, no change for Wirtgen but you see from a ticket price shift there. But thats really what weve seen with Wirtgen thus far. And probably important to note there too, the margin forecast there has held unchanged from previous quarters. So even with some of that reduction, they pulled some levers and done some things to hold their margin performance, which we feel really good about. So thank you, and we'll go ahead and go to the next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you can comment and just build a comfort level around this production cut getting everything done that we need to in ag in terms of rightsizing the channel. Maybe comment on how order trends have played out over the course of the quarter, any other data points you'd share on just to build our comfort level that we wont be looking at couple of more production cuts to adjust for the current demand environment?
A - Josh Jepsen: As we look at production levels and what were doing to calibrate those. I mean really the idea there is that we are pulling back. Its based on whats been happening in the market, what we've seen from order flows. So for large tractors, for example, we're ordered out through September, which is about a month less than we would have been a year ago. So that has impacted that view. Cory mentioned weve seen some weakness in Canada also that impacts some of our larger products like combines and like four wheel drive tractors. So I think a few of those things have impacted what weve seen there. But Id say thats the view. And as I noted with Courtneys question, were not baking in trade resolution. So I would say were thinking what we think is a balanced view here, but shifting to where do we want to be ending 2020 to position ourselves well given the dynamics of what 2020 could be. Thank you we go to the next question.
Operator: Next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Just wanted to be clear the set up for ag and turf going into 20. I think the company used to feel high horsepower ag 2020 would be a recovery year. The way youre targeting your inventory exiting this year, if we just kept it simple and said next year was flat, lets just say. Would production be in line with retail? I'm just trying to get comfortable with the set up going into '20 on how youre now targeting your ending inventory?
Josh Jepsen: David, youre right. And the idea being this under-production this year sets us up to be in a position to produce to retail, thats always where we target to be. As weve seen we have uncertainty persist here as weve made these adjustments thats shifted but thats the idea. We want to be in a position that were producing to retail next year. So thank you. Well go ahead and jump to the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: I was just wondering and weve heard a lot about how the trade war obviously is impacting in the U.S. farmer, and the Brazilian farmers been on either more of the winning end of that. But what about the European farmer, you talked about rising end stocks for wheat. Now, youre seeing more cautious trends there at all in the core European markets of Germany and France due to rising wheat inventories. And just what does your European order book look like?
Josh Jepsen: So our view on that market is relatively flat, and I think our order book would be in line with that or supportive of that view. As you think about the trade war and puts and takes there, I think Id say theyve been benefited, not to the extend say the Brazilian farmer, but benefited through exports, particularly pork but also dairy going into China. So, I think thats been supportive. Some of that this year -- prospects looks better because of drought last year. So by enlarge, I think the overall environment there is better with the uncertainty overhang in Europe really on Brexit, and what does that mean for the longer-term.
Ryan Campbell: I think maybe a slide shift but nothing significant right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sameer Rathod with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Sameer Rathod: There seems to be more political discussion around the National Right to Repair Law. Can you help us understand the impact that could have on the company's top line or margins?
Josh Jepsen: So Right to Repair has been in the news a lot. And I think for us it's important to really carve out two issues that are typically embedded in that conversation. One is Right to Repair and we would say were supportive of our customers' ability and their ability to repair their machines. So we work with the AEM to support access to service tools, agnostic tools and the ability to repair. So we would not have any issue or concern with that matter. Right to Modify and when you get into modifying actual code, we think thats a bigger concern as you get into things like safety and emissions and a lot of other components that would be more concerning. So I think we would delineate between those two. And I'll ask Cory to add his comments.
Cory Reed: Sameer, I would say were leading the industry in offering great tools to both our customers and repairs of equipment that can get in and keep our customers up and running, uptime is a big deal. So we want to give our customers the opportunity to repair what they can themselves. Also, to use who they want to. But at the same time, we worked to build the dealer network that's best in the industry. Its keeping them up and running all the time. So we feel strongly about giving them all the tools they need and are leading the industry in the Right to Repair space of providing those tools out to the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Robert Wertheimer: Youve been quite clear, but I still just wanted to go back to the high horsepower large equipment side, and just make sure I understand how the business is working in and what youre trimming. You build most stuff to order, I think and you referenced youre one month shorter on the outlook than you had been. And so you're building to order but the production is down, and there's 20% fall. So what is falling? Is it just a little bit of clean up of excess inventory thats not to order and the rest of its chugging along as it is, or am I misunderstanding something?
Josh Jepsen: I think there is a combination. I mean some is youve got some geographic distribution areas that are maybe a little bit weaker than others are seeing some impacts. Weve talked about some of the challenges in Canada, for example, and some other parts of the country. So some of it is just working through some of those things, and I think thats the biggest piece of that. So I think nothing materially different in terms of how we've seen that activity transpire. Thank you. Well go ahead and go to our next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry De Maria with William Blair. Your line is open.
Larry De Maria: A question given the adjustment to the guidance, as it relate to last night's announcement, cancellation of U.S. pork inputs to China, which is independent of ASF. Has that factored into your outlook, or should we think about maybe incremental risk in the midsize range? Just curious how you'd describe maybe midsize as youve gone through the large size and what the incremental risk from pork exports and other things like that not going to China, which is maybe incremental to [soybeans] [ph]?
Josh Jepsen: Obviously, very new news so not contemplated in our forecast. But what Ill tell you is with ASF really ramp -- the implications ramping up over the last month or so, we havent seen a material shift or change in our midsize tractors or hand forged equipment. So I think right now Id say we didnt have upside or downside implied there based on whats going on with the pork, ASF or broadly any retaliation with China. Cory?
Cory Reed: I would say the broader impact in our mid range has been from the continuing challenges in the dairy market in the U.S., and thats already been reflected in what were doing there. So I dont anticipate a large impact from the announcement last night.
Josh Jepsen: I think that announcement probably benefits EU back to the other question, EU pork probably see increased exports as a result of that and probably see some incrementally from Brazil as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Just curious what this years experience is telling you about the bigger picture of the replacement cycle. Are we back to the old adage of equipment really just lasting one more year and farmers are just going to run it until they break? And then what did you contemplate for retail sales in 2020 at this point with that 20% production cut?
Josh Jepsen: So we obviously dont have a guide on 2020 particularly in the dynamic market were in right now. So I think thats probably starting point. As you think about replacement demand, we do believe the drivers of replacement demand remain intact, and thats hours and age on equipment and technology and productivity. I think what were seeing today is a bit of a pause as a result of the uncertainties that are out there, but we feel like those drivers are still there. And as we work through some of these short term uncertainties, you see the resumption of that replacement demand. One thing that I would point out is -- I think one thing we see through the technology and the ability to take down input cost through using precision technologies. Theres appetite to invest in those things that can help reduce breakevens and improve profitability that certainly are important.
Cory Reed: No, I would agree. And in fact I mentioned earlier that what weve seen -- used the example of the combine market is that our late model combine used inventory is running lower, and thats really driving the replacement demand side. If you start to think of the technology changes that occurred in the last three or four years, 2014 forward, there's a lot of technology thats enhancing the productivity of those machines and theres demand at the top end of the market to bring it in.
Ryan Campbell : If we look at the fleets aging out another year, at the end of 2019, high horsepower tractors 220 plus and four wheel drives, are going to be back to 2007 age levels, same with combines. So it's just another year and its aging out. And as soon as some of these uncertainties abate, we will see a gradual recovery in replacement demand given the factors of age and technology adoption.
Josh Jepsen: Maybe one last thing to add is the importance of up-time accentuated even more. And in times like this right now, weve got a really short planting window, because of weather patterns. So as we can -- obviously newer machines but then connected support and other things deliver more uptime as these windows tighten. And I think thats increasingly important for the customers. So thank you. Well go to the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: I want to talk a little bit about C&F, a question with two parts, if you would. So on your outlook, you lowered the top line by about 2 points and then it looks like about half of that came from Wirtgen. Im trying to understand the other half. And then on Wirtgen specifically, Im looking to understand how you view the full year revenue, so the full year revenue contraction. And I asked that because it looks to me like your margin guidance implies very solid margins in the back half versus what youve done in the front half. So how much risk is there at this point to that Wirtgen margins? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: So, I think as you think about the overall C&F, youre right in terms of reduction. You have about half Wirtgen, weve talked about that about half of that half, so a quarter is really FX driven, if you look at the legacy C&F business. Id say the biggest individual piece of that was where we saw weakness in Canada where it's been a few different impacts, Oil and gas, weve seen production come down in Canada specifically a little bit, demand for lumber, because of the slowing of housing starts in the U.S. has impacted Canadian lumber as well. So, I think those have been -- those would be the major drivers of what we've seen on the top line. And it relates to Wirtgen, as weve talked about before, 3Q is their bigger quarter in terms of revenue and margin. And the second quarter came in strong, Id say as we expected and maybe worth noting in this year with Bauma that falls into the third quarter for Wirtgen. So maybe you see that impact. We saw a good response to the show very positive reaction to their new products. So we continue to feel good about that business, the long-term prospect but also as we talked about no change in our view on margins for the full year.
Ryan Campbell: As Josh said, Bauma years can have a little bit slower start, but we feel really good about how the show went. And then if we take a step back and look at how they performed for each quarter compared to their historical averages and looking what they need to deliver for the rest of the year, its roughly in line with theyve delivered historically. So we feel comfortable about where we are with them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: I think I'll switch gears and maybe take a step back and ask the question about the fundamentals. Can you comment on the notion that the future is bright for global demand, given the unprecedented 30% plus or minus reduction in the herd size in China? And plus the potential that the U.S. export market is more permanently damaged, particularly with South America producing near record crops this year. I mean have you contemplated at all the fact that this maybe more permanent than just a six month production cut?
Josh Jepsen: Ill start there, Ann, this is Josh. I mean, I think when we say we think its early to model or say weve seen permanent shift in production or market share globally, I think importantly, we support open markets for our customers and their ability to compete globally. I think in that same vein, we really like our positioning, particularly in those production systems of big grains, corn, soybeans and small grains. So we like how were positioned there from a global basis. I think as you think about ASF and the impact there, its obviously early there. We do expect that herd size I think as of March was down about 20%. So certainly I think theres some near term impact there in terms of the demand. However, what were seeing is and weve seen exports from many different countries and different regions of pork moving pretty quickly to China, whether its from U.S. or Brazil or from China -- from Europe.
Cory Reed: Ann, this is Cory. I would say we see those. The latest forecast would say that the global demand is still going to rise year-over-year. We feel like were in the best positions in those markets that produce grain around the world as weve continued to build out the competitiveness of the North American farmer with technology. Were doing the same now in Brazil. Our focus on two things, creating the most competitive output, so on a bushel or an acre basis, or a hectare basis in different parts of the world. And then investing in things that help differentiate our customers to grow more yield at that lower cost point. So I think were positioned well and the demand is holding in there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jeffries. Your line is open.
Steve Volkmann: Most of my questions have been answered. But Josh, can I just ask you on the Slide 16 when you talk about your receivables and inventory. If I'm reading this right on a constant currency basis, youre actually up about $550 million from your previous forecast. But we've talked a lot about getting production. So maybe can you just square that up for us?
A - Josh Jepsen: So as we talked about -- we talk a lot about what were doing on large ag side, and you see some reduction there on the ag side of the business. On the construction and forestry side, compared to where we were it is up. And I think thats really driven by where we started the year. We came into the year at historically low inventory to sales ratios levels. And even with where were going to end or where we project to end this year, were below our ten year average on inventory to sales. So I think its driven by where we started new customer and dealer demand and comfort level as they pull to get the levels that theyre comfortable with. And were going to continue to monitor that, but thats really the view is were seeing strong enough demand and dealers comfort level with their inventory levels and trying to get there. And as you recall, we had hoped to build some inventory in both '17 and '18 but strong demand impeded that. So we actually drew down. We were at historically low levels in both of those years. So you see us really coming back from that. All right, thanks Steve. Well go ahead and go to our next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: Just wanted to get a litter bit color on this big step down in the finco profitability in the second quarter and just your comp -- your full year guide implies that snaps back pretty quickly in the third quarter and fourth quarter. So just trying to get a better understanding as to what happened and why thats going to come back to you quickly. Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: So when we think about our JDF guidance -- we talk about in total, if we think about the full year, we came down about $30 million, really driven by two things, provision as well as tax rate. So tax has moved a little bit on us, thats one. And then the provision would be the bigger component of that. Provision is really driven by Id say two major components. One would be our growth in our international portfolio. So as our international portfolio has grown, particular markets like Argentina, Brazil, China, and India, you see the provision move with that. And then the other would be on our multi-use account or revolving credit. So thats been the other driver. So as you think about the multi-use, the revolving credit, we take a conservative approach there in that we write off 100% of those balances when they go 90 days past due. Historically, we see strong recoveries post write offs. And in times of stress in the industry, weve continued to produce really strong returns in that portfolio. So we think underlying there, we see strong customer fundamentals, some of this I think really driven by just seasonality, as well as what we've seen with commodity prices, number of folks havent marketed their grains. So there are few different dynamics there. And Ill ask Cory to comment too.
Cory Reed: I think the thing in this to keep in mind is that weve been running at write-off level significantly below. Our averages have been over 10 year or 15 year period. And the adjustment that were taking now puts us right in line between the 10 and 15 year average on write offs and the provisions. So my take on it is its a really solid portfolio that despite what we have in terms of headwinds in the industry, we see write offs stay in line with our averages historically, which means we have a stronger portfolio today as we have in the past.
Josh Jepsen: And maybe one last thing to just to note on that as we think about the multi-use and that driving the big change in the provision. Overall, our portfolio has grown about 8% and the multi use component is going at a lower rate, its about 3% growth this year.
Cory Reed: And about 7% of the total portfolio. So thank you, well go ahead and take one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Stanley Elliott with Stifel. Your line is open.
Stanley Elliott:  Can you talk about the engaged acres on a regional basis and then how quickly can some of these technologies start to drive that engaged component in South America and other markets?
Cory Reed: I mentioned that we have 145 million. We started first in the North American market, and thats where predominant number of those acres reside today. But the fastest growing engaged acres are places like Brazil see things building out communications network that allow our machine population get connected. Were taking more technologies in. I mean its incredible to see the growth rates around the world. The European market guidance technologies have adopted very fast in a very fast pace, and now we have connectivity and growing across those acres. The real opportunity is what I mentioned in the production system discussion, customers move from farming to understanding how each pass impacts their cost structure and profitability. And were now generating both the data and insights that allow them to evaluate those on a near real-time basis. So really big opportunities for both yield growth and cost management on the customer side being driven off of those engaged acres.
Josh Jepsen: And one thing Id note, Stanley, is $145 million engaged acres. That includes acres in all four regions, as you think about how we about the world divided up into four, a little over 105 million in North America. So to Corys point, we are seeing growth in that outside of North America piece. And as discussed, its not just an absolute number in terms of growth in acres, it's the depth. And we think as we offer full solutions across production system, theres opportunity to have deeper engagement there in the operations center.
Cory Reed: If you look right now, I mean planters are lit up all around -- prior to last nights rain, planters have been lit up all around the country, and thats taking place. And you can see those acres coming in and being able to evaluate down to the individual seed level what their placement, what their depth, what their singulation, it allows them to understand how they invest in nutrients going forward that ultimately as they close the loop in harvesting and they take that section in and evaluate both their cost structure and yield that they will improve again year-over-year. So the opportunity is growing and more and more customers are adopting the technology thatll help drive their business forward and competitiveness forward.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. Well, with that, well conclude the call. I appreciate everyones time, and we will be talking soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-02-15 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Company First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed in listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Hello, also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; Cory Reed, President of John Deere Financial; Ryan Campbell, Deputy Financial Officer and Corporate Controller; and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlooks for fiscal 2019. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed at our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are non-conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. Brent?
Brent Norwood: John Deere completed the first quarter with solid contributions from both our equipment operations and financial services group. Top line results reflect continued demand growth in key markets while profitability was negatively impacted by higher cost for raw and logistics. Despite inflationary cost pressures, the Company made solid progress advancing critical investments in technology and innovative new product programs. In agricultural markets, replacement demand continue to drive sales activity albeit at a slower pace through our early order programs, while construction equipment sales benefited from stable construction investment and a healthy order book. Now let's take a closer look on our first quarter results beginning on Slide 3. Net sales and revenue were up 15% to 7.98 billion, net income attributable to Deere & Company was $498 million or $1.54 per diluted share. On Slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 16% to 6.94 billion, price realization in the quarter was positive by 5 points. Currency translation was negative by 3 points. The impact of Wirtgen was 7 points due its inclusion for the entire quarter in 2019 compared to only one month in 2018. Turning to a review of our individual businesses starting with Agriculture & Turf on Slide 5. Net sales were up 10% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, primarily driven by higher shipment volumes and price realization, partially offset by the negative impact of currency and higher warranty related expenses. Operating profit was $348 million, down 10% from the same quarter last year as the benefits of positive price realization and higher shipment volumes were offset by increased production costs, higher warranty expenses, less favorable product mix and a step-up in R&D expense. With regards to the higher production costs, it's important to note that our steel contracts operate on a 3 to 6 month lag. Additionally, while overall supply chain bottlenecks are down significantly, we are still experiencing pockets of tightness requiring elevated levels of premium freight expenses, and we anticipate these issues to extend into the third quarter. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at fundamentals affecting the ag business. On Slide 4 corns stock to use ratio is expected to decline in response to the demand outpacing supply, driven by higher feed usage for the year. Wheats stocks to use ratio is projected to decline in the '18-'19 season. While demand has remained steady, production has decreased in response to normalized yields and drought conditions in parts of Europe and Australia. Conversely, soybeans stocks-to-use ratio is forecasted to build in response to higher-than-expected yields in the U.S. and the ongoing trade dispute between the U.S. and China. Over the last nine months, there has been much uncertainty as to how trade flow would readjust to accommodate displaced U.S. exports to China. The latest USDA data indicates an additional 10 million metric tons of U.S. soybeans were exported to non-China destinations including the EU, Middle-East and Southeast Asia as trade flow patterns continue to readjust. Slide 7 outlines U.S. principal crop cash receipt, an important indicator for equipment demand. 2019 principal crop cash receipts are estimated to be about $124 billion, slightly higher than 2018, and the highest since 2014. In fact, this was the 5th highest on record reflecting high yields and improved prices for most commodities. It's important to note that prices for three of the four major crops are expected to be higher in the '18-'19 marketing year than in the previous year. Corn, wheat and cotton prices have held offset softness in the soybean market. However, when including the USDA aid of $1.65 per bushel, soybean economics are better this year than last for many farmers. Even with improved economics on account of the USDA aid, U.S. farmer sentiment remains fluid and continues to erode the longer trade uncertainty persist. And while farmers appreciated and benefited from the temporary USDA aid, nearly all prefer a permanent free-market solution. By region, our 2019 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 8. Industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are forecast to be flat to up 5% for 2019. Even though the underlying fundamentals remain solid in many areas, uncertainty has weighed on farmer sentiment throughout the year. During our early order programs, sales momentum observably shifted in reaction to external factors such as the rise of global trade tensions. And while the fundamentals of replacement demand remains intact, the market uncertainty has resulted in some U.S. farmers temporarily pausing equipment investment decisions. Conclusion of our 2019 combine early order program resulted in orders down single digits from 2018 with results varied between the U.S. and Canada. In the U.S., orders still held flat compared to 2018, illustrating the resiliency of replacement demand despite market uncertainty. Meanwhile, Canadian orders were down as a result of the late harvest and unfavorable movements in FX. While 2019 remains relatively consistent with 2018 volumes, it's important to reiterate the ongoing factors driving replacement demand. Farm equipment fleets continue to age out and technology is rapidly advancing operational efficiencies on the farm. As such, we anticipate a resumed recovery in equipment volumes as new trade routes mature or U.S. and China trade tensions abate. For our small ag segment, compact tractors show a strong order book for 2019 driven by a healthy U.S. economy and GDP growth. This is helping to offset softness for our livestock and dairy customers, although the order bank for utility tractors and round balers has been solid. Moving on to the EU 28, the industry outlook is forecast to be flat in 2019 where strength in the Western and Central markets is offsetting weather-related challenges in the Northeast. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be flat to up 5% for the year, with strength in Brazil balanced by slowness in Argentina on account of high inflation and political uncertainty. Farmer sentiment remains quite positive in Brazil, which had a very strong first quarter. Farm margins in the region continued to be supportive of equipment demand despite dry weather conditions during the first crop of the season. Shifting to Asia, industry sales are expected to be flat to slightly down, as key growth markets slow modestly. Last week, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2019 based on solid economic factors that support continued consumer confidence. Putting this all together on Slide 9. Fiscal year 2019 Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment are now forecasted to be up approximately 4%, which includes a negative currency impact of about 2 points. Furthermore, we anticipate sales in 2019 to mirror a similar quarterly seasonality as 2018. The Ag & Turfs division margin is forecast to be approximately 12%. Now, let's focus on Construction & Forestry on Slide 10. Net sales for the quarter of $2.26 billion were up 31% compared with last year, driven by strong demand for construction and forestry equipment as well as by the acquisition of Wirtgen, which contributed 24% of the positive improvement. First quarter operating profit was $229 million, largely benefiting from positive net price realization and the Wirtgen acquisition, partially offset by higher production costs and a less favorable product mix. C&F operating margins were 10.1% for the quarter. Moving to Slide 11, the economic environment for construction, forestry and road building industries remains solid and continues to support demand for new and used equipment. For 2019, total construction investment and housing starts remained stable, while oil and gas activity hovers at supportive levels for equipment demand growth. Importantly, our U.S. customer base is still optimistic on the year's prospects with healthy backlogs extending through much of the year. Furthermore, equipment rental utilization remains high, while rental rates continue to grow in 2019. Importantly, CapEx budgets from the independent rental companies continue at level supportive for further equipment demand. Lastly, global transportation investment this year is forecast to grow about 5% though results vary by market and product forms. The overall positive economic indicators are reflected in a strong order book which is now extending about 4 to 5 months well into the second half of 2019. Moving to the C&F outlook on Slide 12 years. Deere's construction and forestry sales are now forecast to be up about 13% in 2018, as a result of stronger demand for equipment, as well as an additional two months ownership of Wirtgen. We anticipate Wirtgen's 2019 sales to be flat compared to the previous 12 months at $3.4 billion as certain geographies such as China and Argentina have slowed in recent months. The forecast for global forestry markets is up between 5% to 10% largely a result of strong demand for cut-to-length products in Europe and Russia. C&Fs full year operating margin is projected to be about 12% with Wirtgen margins forecasted to be above that. With regards to Wirtgen, integration continues to go as planned and we are now forecasting a 25% increase to the acquisition synergies, updating our estimates to 125 million. At this point, I'd like to welcome Cory Reed, President of John Deere Financial. He will provide comments on the current environment for our financial services operations as well as guidance for the full year. Cory?
Cory Reed: Thank you, Brent. Before discussing the quarter's results, I'd like to review JDF's strategy as a key supporting business to the enterprise. As shown on Slide 13, John Deere Financial exists to enable growth of equipment sales by deepening customer relationships and strengthening our distribution channel. By fulfilling this mission, financial services provides sustainable financing solutions to customers and dealers throughout business cycles while effectively managing credit risk. Furthermore, we play an increasingly vital role in accelerating the adoption of precision ag and are key to extending Deere's leadership position in this area. It's important to emphasize the John Deere Financial's mission is exclusively aligned to the broader enterprise. Slide 14 shows the composition of JDF's portfolio and demonstrates our disciplined focus on enabling equipment sales. Over the last few years, this composition has remained relatively consistent, allowing for an optimal balance between portfolio growth and risk management. Regarding credit quality, John Deere Financial has maintained an exceptional record throughout its history. Even at the height of the 1980s farm crisis, write-offs in ag never exceeded 65 basis points. The current 10-year average provision stands much lower at 23 basis points. This kind of exceptional performance reflects the Company's unique position in the marketplace. In many cases, Deere has financed families for generations, allowing us to get to know our customers and understand their operations better than many third-party vendors. Furthermore, the credit quality also benefits from the strong resale and residual value of Deere equipment. Today, the credit worthiness of our customer base remains strong with little difference between those who purchase and those who lease equipment. While closely watched during Ag trough, our lease portfolio is performing in line with expectations. Importantly, since the challenges of 2016, we took steps to improve the quality of the lease book by lengthening durations in the U.S., which now stand at 40 months on average versus 32 months just three years ago. Overall, Deere products tend to maintain their value better than other financeable assets. As long as grain is demanded, acres will be farmed and high quality equipment will be required, ensuring the value of our portfolio is well maintained. While JDF's credit quality is impressive, it's important to note the advantage which the division contributes to enterprise growth. Specifically, we see JDF contributing in these four key areas. First, providing sustainable credit availability throughout the cycle. Second, creating financing packages seamlessly integrated with the dealer experience. Third, enabling sales in international markets. And fourth, accelerating the adoption of precision ag solutions. First, John Deere Financial provides financing throughout the business cycle while the support of many third-party lenders tends to ebb and flow based on short-term market conditions. As a result, JDF provides sustainability to our business model. During the financial crisis of 2009, for example, the division provided critical continuity to operations of our customers and dealers, all while upholding its strong credit quality standards. Secondly, our financial services group provides financing packages that span across Deere machines, precision hardware, software activations, subscriptions, parts and service, and dealer precision ag services. These offerings are enabled by the close integration between equipment operations, the dealer and John Deere Financial. Given our deep understanding of both our equipment and our customers, Deere and John Deere dealers are uniquely positioned to tailor the right package for any farming operation. More than other financers, Deere best understands how the next equipment investment can make the farmer more successful. This deep customer knowledge and ease-of-use combined with tight dealer collaboration drives the 60% to 70% financing market share that JDF enjoys for its U.S. ag equipment. Importantly, seamless financing plays a critical role in converting competitive fleets to Deere. Last month, I met with a large farm in Indiana who was converting a multicolored fleet to an all green fleet in order to benefit from Deere's integrated precision ag offerings. He commented that precision ag motivated him to change but that John Deere Financial made the switch possible by simplifying and packaging an otherwise complex transaction. Outside of North America financing options are essential to selling equipment. Depending on the geography, we utilize various business models to support the delivery of retail finance. For example, in India, we maintain a wholly-owned subsidiary where we own the portfolio and employ our own field sales, credit underwriting and servicing teams. However, in Sub-Saharan Africa, we leverage branded co-operation agreements that deliver retail sales finance solutions to local banks. The business model we choose in each market depends on many factors including the size of the market, the availability of financing, and the risk environment. In the case of Wirtgen, the Wirtgen leadership team has prioritized where JDF solutions are being developed and deployed. We've already launched retail financing products in the U.S., Canada and India. More than ever, JDF is an integral component of our international growth aspirations and we tailor our financing solutions to support the sale of equipment and effectively manage risk. Lastly, John Deere Financial is increasingly playing a critical role in accelerating precision ag adoption. With new precision features entering the market each year, JDF provides unique finance offerings that make it easy for farmers to upgrade their equipment with the latest technology. With our multi-use revolving platforms, farmers finance new precision ag components, software, subscriptions and dealer services including everything from off-season machine maintenance and hardware upgrades, the dealer, planter, sprayer and harvest optimization services. Earlier this week, I was with one of our most progressive precision ag dealers from Southern Delta. He had just finished the successful precision ag field day for hundreds of his customers and he commented on the increasing demand in his market for precision ag services focused on the use of technology for better planting, better spraying and better harvesting. This customer has used JDF's multi-use offerings to upgrade technology and buy his services. He also pushed our team to broaden our offerings of innovative financing solutions that make it easy for customers to adopt technologies that allow them to improve yield and manage costs. Were positioned well and actively working to do just that. Before discussing the quarterly results, I'd like to reiterate JDF's role in creating sustainable business outcomes for both Deere and our customers. First, as I've already mentioned, John Deere Financial is committed to our dealers and customers regardless of cycle fluctuations, ensuring that customers have sustainable liquidity when they need it most. Second, John Deere Financial enables Deere to enter new international markets. This is especially critical for developing nations transitioning to mechanization, as we facilitate access for smallholder farmers for the equipment that will make their operations economically sustainable. Lastly, John Deere Financial has been a very steady and reliable source of earnings for the enterprise. While the equipment business experiences varying levels of demand cyclicality, JDF provides an important consistency to the overall financial results. Let's move now to the quarter results for John Deere financial. Slide 15 shows the provision for credit losses as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. The financial forecast for 2019 shown on the slide contemplates a loss provision of about 17 basis points, 4 basis points higher than 2018. This would put loss provisions for the year below the 10-year average of 23 basis points and the 15-year average of 24 basis points. Moving to Slide 16, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $154 million in the first quarter. For the full year in 2019, net income forecast remains at $630 million. I'll now turn the call back over to Brent Norwood. Brent?
Brent Norwood: Slide 17 outlines receivables and inventories. For the Company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter up $1.6 billion. In the C&F division, the increase is a result of the higher order book and production schedules. For Ag, the increase is due to better inventory positioning with our supply base and continued demand for small ag products, which require adequate inventory to sales ratios. By the end of the year, we forecast a reduction in inventory and receivables compared to 2018. Moving to Slide 18, cost of sales for the first quarter was 78% of net sales and our 2019 guidance remains at about 75%, down about 2 points from 2018. R&D was up about 14% in the fourth quarter and forecasted to be up 5% in 2019 or 3% when excluding Wirtgen from the results for both periods. The increase in 2019 primarily relates to strategic investments in precision ag as well as next generation new product development programs for large ag product lines. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up 9% in the quarter. The year over year increase is mostly attributable to the impact of Wirtgen. Our full year 2019 SA&G forecast expense is up about 7% or about 5% excluding Wirtgen. Turning to Slide 19. The equipment operations tax rate was 30% in the first quarter due to discrete items. For 2019, Deere's full year effective tax rate is now projected to be between 24% to 26%. Slide 20 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $4.4 billion in 2019, up from about $3.3 billion in 2018. The Company's financial outlook is on Slide 21. We have kept our full year outlook for net sales to be up about 7%, which includes about three points of price realization, and one point related to an additional two months of Wirtgen ownership. On the negative side, we expect currency to be about a 2 point headwind next year. With respect to cost inflation, we project that price realization forecasted in 2019 will offset both material cost and freight inflation experienced in 2018, as well as the additional increases forecasted in 2019. Finally, our full year 2019 net income forecast remained at about $3.6 billion. I will now turn the call over to Raj Kalathur for closing comments. Raj?
Raj Kalathur: Before we respond to your questions, I would like to share some thoughts on performance of the Ag & Turf division and outlook for the full year. First, I would like to address the change in our Ag & Turf margin forecast from 12.5% to 12%. The decrease was largely due to an unfavorable change in mix. 2019 North American large ag volumes are now forecasted to be flat to 2018, showing the resiliency of replacement demand cycle in light of trade uncertainty and unfavorable weather during Canadian harvest. The flat combine order book in the U.S. reflects farmer concern over prolonged global trade uncertainty, which has resulted in a wait-and-see approach for the 2019 season. Specifically, many farmers were citing the tariff deadline on March 1st as an important date to watch for further clarity on the export market for soybeans. The momentum shifts and equipment orders that we observed during the progressive phases of our early order programs reflect this cautious behavior as planter and sprayer EOPs ended up mid-single digits while the more recent U.S. combine early order program ended flat. It's important to reiterate that the underlying fundamentals of replacement demand are still very much intact even if 2019 experiences a brief pause in further growth. Encouragingly, our dealers are reporting robust quoting activity and are optimistic that further clarity on trade flow will be constructive to retail demand. The hours and age of the fleet along with the technology advancements included in our latest offerings will continue to drive demand. Importantly, we firmly believe a timely resolution of the global trade issues affecting agricultural markets will drive resumed growth in the replacement cycle. Lastly and very importantly, global demand for grain is projected to increase again in 2019, bringing supply and demand into a more favorable balance this marketing year and further improving next year with consumption projected to outpace production. This will mark the 24th consecutive year of global demand growth and this key tailwind along with our proven ability to perform throughout the cycle gives us confidence in our capability to deliver strong results in 2019 and beyond. Furthermore, our strong market position will allow us to capitalize on these long-term trends. Thanks to the advantages of our product portfolio breadth, technology leadership, and world-class channel.
Josh Jepsen: Now, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Just first question. As you guys -- you guys also within the ag business, you talked about product warranty issues, if you guys could quantify that and whether or not that was expected and just give some color around that? And then, Raj, I'm just trying to understand what you're trying to say about China trade war because you sound more cautious, but you're keeping the order -- the industry outlook is the same. So, I'm just trying to understand like why not take the top line forecast down and sort of where the order book of tractors is relative to your expectations at this point?
A : If you think about -- maybe to start with first quarter ag margins and what we saw there, so there are couple of things that to consider. So one is, the warranty as you called out, and the issues we saw there were really related to product improvement programs. And as discussed before, those are lumpy. We adjust those as they occur and it's important that we're making sure we're taking care of customers. So, that occurred in the first quarter and that's why you see that higher expense in the quarter. As you think about other impacts on the margins for the first quarter, weve talked about -- generally, we've seen the supply issues stabilize and logistics have improved, but we have a few critical components, suppliers that were still having issues, and we're incurring a significant amount of premium airfreight to bring those into our factories in order to get those machines to customers. So, those have been two issues that had a pretty big impact in the quarter and on the freight issue, we expect that to linger into the third quarter. And on top of that, we had material which we've discussed first quarter of '19 compared to first quarter of '18 is a difficult comparison, as really 232 issues related to steel didn't start until the second quarter of 2018. So, we see that impacting us really more in the first half. As we get to the latter part of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, we see some of those -- that pricing abate due to our lags in our contracts. And then lastly, in the quarter, as we've talked about, we've got to step up R&D as we're focused on our next generation products and precision ag that overall those are the four items that impact us there.
Joshua Jepson: If you think about -- maybe to start with first quarter ag margins and what we saw there, so there are couple of things that to consider. So one is, the warranty as you called out, and the issues we saw there were really related to product improvement programs. And as discussed before, those are lumpy. We adjust those as they occur and it's important that we're making sure we're taking care of customers. So, that occurred in the first quarter and that's why you see that higher expense in the quarter. As you think about other impacts on the margins for the first quarter, weve talked about -- generally, we've seen the supply issues stabilize and logistics have improved, but we have a few critical components, suppliers that were still having issues, and we're incurring a significant amount of premium airfreight to bring those into our factories in order to get those machines to customers. So, those have been two issues that had a pretty big impact in the quarter and on the freight issue, we expect that to linger into the third quarter. And on top of that, we had material which we've discussed first quarter of '19 compared to first quarter of '18 is a difficult comparison, as really 232 issues related to steel didn't start until the second quarter of 2018. So, we see that impacting us really more in the first half. As we get to the latter part of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, we see some of those -- that pricing abate due to our lags in our contracts. And then lastly, in the quarter, as we've talked about, we've got to step up R&D as we're focused on our next generation products and precision ag that overall those are the four items that impact us there.
Raj Kalathur: And Jaime, on your question about ag and top line 4% trade, what we would say is, trades impacted the sentiment and that's more temporary. So, we would say there is an upside if there is trade resolution. Now, if the trade thing prolongs, we still think the downside is not as much because we think that the replacement demand from what we are seeing is still very healthy. So when we factor all these upside, downside, we said, yes, trade is a negative right now, but longer term it will tend to work out. And then beyond that, the fundamentals are just very strong, that's why we left the Ag where it is -- and then if you look at Brazil, places like that, that's actually up for us and small ag is up. There are other portions of Ag that are actually working us up.
Jamie Cook: But if the trade war resolved, do you see downside risk? And then just where is your order book right now in big tractors? Because I think that what everyone is trying to scratch their head around.
Raj Kalathur: Yes, so overall, if the trade war extends further, we see limited downside risk, okay? Now, overall, we know that some of this trade -- we've always said, the trade routes will be realigned and the trade flows will readjust and it's going to be bumpy when that happens for a couple of years and that's kind of what we are seeing, but the underlying fundamentals of Ag are still pretty strong and the replacement demand as we have said are looking strong.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Tim Thein of Citi. Your line is open.
Tim Thein: Just first a clarification Raj on the switch or the lowering the large Ag in North America, the forecast. Does that have any implications for pricing as we move through the balance of year relative to the initial forecast?
A Joshua Jepson: Tim, when we think about the change -- yes, understood. When we think about the impact there -- so, as Raj mentioned, we've seen the large ag come in some, and that's on what we've seen with the combine earlier programs as well as we're seeing our large tractor order book has come in where year-over-year we were down to some there. And that's really created the mix impacts that we talk about and that's really the driver of the change in margins. All of the change in margins for ag from 12.5% to 12% is driven on that mix shift because of the strength that we continue to see in small ag and this mix shift on the trade uncertainty on large ag so that's the driver. As you think about price, yeah, 5% overall in the first quarter, we maintained our view on 3% for the full year. And for the full year, if you think about that, both divisions are participating very similarly in that regard.
Tim Thein: And follow-up on that, the operating costs. You had outlined a headwind of about $850 million year on year, A. Is that still the right number? And B, how would you think about as we move through the year? It sounds like a lot of that kind of dissipates in the second half, but any help in terms of how much has already been experienced of that in 1Q?
A Joshua Jepson: The first half we see unfavorable comps in our steel pricing as our contracts lagged as we talked about in the past. As we get into the latter part of the third quarter, fourth quarter, we see that improve from a comparison perspective. So, that's where we see some of that. Now, the seasonality of our build and how we're buying steel this year -- we're buying about 55% first half versus 45% second half. So, that has some impact too in terms of the benefit as those come down. The only thing I'd point out is, and this is a question that we're likely to get is, as that steel comes down some, are we seeing that benefit? But what Id point out is that airfreight that I mentioned earlier is really offsetting what we're seeing in some of those steel price reductions as that rolls through our forecast. And then maybe on top of that, the other issue kind of related to purchasing is what happens with the 301 tariffs. So, on 301, a quarter ago, we had said $100 to $125 million. Today, we say, we're at the low end of that range about $100 million. And again that assumes that we would go to 25% on 1 March, which certainly is a question, but that's what we've got in our forecast today. So, thanks, Tim, and we'll jump to the next caller.
Operator: Thank you. The next person is Steven Fisher of UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Just to be very clear. So, if no trade deal happens, Raj, you said limited downside. Does that mean flat to up 5% North America goes to like flat? And then related to construction, it sounds like your lower construction guidance was largely Wirtgen in China and Argentina plus forestry. Was there any real change to your core North American construction outlook? It looks like the construction settlements in retail were down in January, that's the first time in awhile that's been down. So, I guess I'm wondering to what extent is that a cautious demand signal or with First in the Dirt still up, does that tell us just rental is becoming more important driver again?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I'll try to unpack that a little bit, Steve. I think, first, on the guide and Rajs comments relative to the trade disputes. I mean, when we were really looking at our guide, we're thinking about what are the demand drivers, what are the fundamentals, and that really informs what we're doing. As you think about kind of what does that mean over the course of the rest of the year for us, we do expect some recovery in orders and we would say, that could come from either trade resolution or just a refocusing on the fundamentals for our farmer customers, and that really means -- the P&Ls as we think about cash receipts being up, as Raj mentioned, the production being outpaced by consumption. So, I think those are the couple of components in play there. As it relates to C&F, you are right when you think about the guidance for top line coming in a little bit, that's really driven entirely by Wirtgen coming back some, and your assumption there is also correct, its really driven by some of those markets like China, Turkey, Argentina where we've seen some weakening there and some shifting in their mix. From a legacy C&F perspective, we've seen continued strength in that order book. As Brent mentioned, we're out 4 to 5 months and really driven by economic indicators that continue to be positive. We called out what we've seen from the independent rental companies, but also just the general backlog of work that our contractors have. So, we've seen that top line and C&F move up slightly while the Wirtgen numbers come in some. So, that's kind of the combination of how those all interplay. Thank you will go ahead and jump to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Raso of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso: Just trying to gain a little more comfort on the ag and turf margins. The rest of the year you're implying incremental margins are 22%, after the last two quarters that we've seen EBIT down in ag and turf despite sales up. So I would say, obviously, I appreciate the comments about the premium freight continuing to 3Q, the mix sounds a little more adverse. Just trying to gain comfort, why should we expect the incrementals to get so much better in the next three months? I know that the costs come down on some of the input costs, but can you give us a little more comfort with maybe at a minimum giving us a little more clarity on the first quarter? If you think the margins are worse, people would have thought would've been flat year-over-year. So, we're about 170 bps lower than you would've thought at baseline. Can you give us some bucketing of warranty costs were 60 bps, higher production costs were 80 bps? I mean just some way to frame is right now the incrementals in the next three quarters, given the commentary aren't completely comforting?
Brent Norwood: I think, David, maybe if we think about the full year in particular, so at 12% absolute margin versus 12.5%. I think an important thing to consider there, you've got more than 0.5 point impact of FX and similarly more than a half point of impact from mix. So, those are the two biggest drivers and you're right in that, you do see compares, particularly as you get late in the year, improve on the steel side of the business. And also as I mentioned, with the airfreight and some of the critical components we're seeing, we think that goes into the third quarter. So you do see improvement as we get further out. From a price perspective, our expectation is on the ag and turf. Our price is pretty stable across the year. No big fluctuations throughout the year.
David Raso: I appreciate the full-year framework but given the first quarter is in the books now. Can you please help us with just for the quarter even? What were the warranty costs drags year-over-year in margin terms, production cost? Just some way to bucket it. Maybe the warranty costs were more than we thought, less -- again, some comfort here with why the incrementals go that positive given after some months there but definitely mix and freight and so forth?
Josh Jepsen: So, I guess maybe to put in context. If you look at RNA, we see the drag in the first quarter, when you think about the full-year, we do not see that as a drag for the full-year. So that's one. Thats a significant difference between the quarter and then the full year.
Cory Reed: Yes, that was just timing David. We had a couple of product improvement programs that we wanted to get out and get our customers taking care of, but full-year no real change
David Raso: But no quantification to help us with moving forward here the next three quarters of the year, I mean just some way to size the first quarter drag?
Josh Jepsen: We don't size those specifically David.
David Raso: I mean the same thing, the Wirtgen, we didn't get the full quarter revenues on Wirtgen, we just got the incremental. What was the full quarter Wirtgen revenues, not just the incremental, the full quarter?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, so the first quarter, it was -- I mean just one thing to consider there is seasonally this quarter is a really small quarter for their business. As you think about their overall impact in terms of the colder weather, youre not building roads and the like, so first quarter, it was something like in the range of $600 million of sales for their full year. So, comparatively that -- it's the smallest quarter that they would have from a sales perspective, from a margin perspective.
David Raso: For the rest of the year, margins for Wirtgen have to get over 15% to at least get the full year to something like 13%. Can you help us again -- same with ag question, right? The rest of the year, the Wirtgen margin improvement, was there still some deal costs or something in the first quarter that kept the margin low single-digit for the rest of the year?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, it's really just driven -- yes, it's driven by the -- really what is historically a weak quarter in terms of their activity and that's been common for them. Their seasonality being really slow in the first quarter, when you think about the full year for Wirtgen were 12.5% margin. We feel really good about that business and the long term prospects there. So I think that's not a huge surprise in terms of how they are performing. So with that, we can talk more off-line, David. Well jump next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Joe O'Dea of Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: I wanted to continue in a similar vein, I guess, it sounds like the first quarter actually shaped up pretty similar to your expectations. I don't think you would have seen a lot of mix surprise and you knew the warranty stuff was coming. And so, really when you think about that 170 bps of year-over-year margin decline in ag and turf., when we think about 2Q, I mean, is that more flattish? Seasonally, we generally see a nice step-up from 1Q to 2Q, and I think we're just trying to get comfortable with some of the moving parts in the cost structure, and how to think about, if 2Q comes in lighter year-over-year then we're looking at a less comfortable back half growth? So any help with that 2Q ag and turf margin, whether that's kind of flattish year-over-year would be appreciated?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I mean 2Q it's historically always -- we always see a pretty significant step-up. It's our largest sales quarter and as Brent mentioned, you know, we expect our seasonality on top line to be pretty similar if you break out kind of in a percentage term in terms of how the other quarters break out from a sales point of view. And so I think as we perform in the past would be a good indicator of our expectations going forward.
Joe O'Dea: In terms of margin sequentials as well. Youre talking about not just revenue sequentials?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, thats right on both sides.
Joe O'Dea: Okay. And then on the C&F side, just to understand kind of the underlying, very good legacy C&F margin in the quarter. Are you -- it seems like Wirtgen is stepping down now for the full year. Sorry if I missed this, but what's the full year Wirtgen margin expectation at this point?
Joe O'Dea: Yes, so Wirtgen, we expect to be about 12.5% margins on -- essentially full year to full year flat sale. So, $3.4 billion of sales and about 12.5% margin. So with that, we'll jump to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Andy Casey: I had a question on the $400 million OCF guidance decrease from a prior $4.8 billion. What drove that?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, the biggest portion of that change was just shift in working capital as we refine forecast. And, you know, you have some seasonality movement and the like. But that was the biggest driver.
Andy Casey: So if I look at slide 17, you're now expecting $175 million tailwind for receivables and inventory. I don't think you gave that outlook in your fourth quarter conference call. Is that significantly different?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I don't think it's significantly different. I mean, I think some of it is timing related in terms of how that's -- how it moves and when that inventory and receivables are moving in and out throughout the year, but it's not a significant shift.
Raj Kalathur: Andy, overall, the $4.4 billion cash flow from operations is still very strong. It will always have some working capital shifts as we go from one month to the next and those are -- and then we also had some changes to you know dividends from JDF based on the size of the portfolio, ending portfolio and such. So, still a very strong cash flow from operations.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ann Duignan of JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Raj, you've touched on something that I think deserves more attention and that's that the trade flows could be impacted permanently as a result of these tariffs even if they are eliminated. Can you talk about the downside risk to U.S. agriculture on the back of these tariffs and the fact that our exports of soybeans are down for the almost 40% year-to-date and we export 60% our production through the end of January? So, this could be a permanent impact on U.S. soybean exports, and what happens if that is true?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I think Ann, this is Josh, I'll start. I mean I think when we think about the trade flow rerouting, I think, the positive thing is, we've seen some of that already occurring, we've seen more of our soybeans going to places like Europe, like Egypt, former Brazilian trade partners. So those things are happening. And I think it gets back to the fundamentals of -- demand has increased and it looks to continue to increase and there are only a few places in the world that produce enough soybeans to meet that demand. So, I think it's really hard to say what do we think permanent damage is because we have seen some of this reroute and move.
Raj Kalathur: Again, Ann, no, I'm not sure we'll say there is a permanent damage already. So what we would say is, trade flows will reroute, now and again, the fundamentals are still very strong. As you know, cash receipts are important, right. That's a big predictor for ag equipment demand in the U.S. and Canada. And global demand for grains including oilseeds has been growing for the last 24 years. If you look at the last 5 marketing years, weather has been very good in general, and production has been plentiful and higher than the growing consumption portion. Even though, production has been plentiful for the last 5 years, and the 2018 and '19 marketing year, youre seeing production and consumption and better balance. As we said, consumption is forecast to be higher than production, reducing stocks and putting pressure on commodity prices again. So, now, these are the reasons why commodity prices are holding up very well and well above breakeven prices from what INFORMA economics would say for many farmers. Again, that's the reason why farmers who are good economic actors continue to consistently plant 320 million acres of major crop in the U.S., which means they are going to utilize their machine earnings and so the need for replacement equipment. So, we think on balance, downside is still pretty limited.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Steve Volkmann of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Steve Volkmann: Just two quick follow-ups, if I might. You've talked a little bit about the combine early orders and some of the planters and sprayer. Could you just talk about tractors, what you saw in early orders for tractors? And then, the second question, Ill just put right on here. Maybe this is just splitting hairs, but the slight decrease in R&D spending, what's that about? And is that sort of a response to slightly weaker market? Or is it sort of unrelated?
Josh Jepsen: Maybe start with the latter, on the R&D, it's really just an adjustment related to timing and how those programs are working out. So no significant shifts there or anything other than just tuning up our forecast for how we're spending through the first quarter and how we see that playing out for the year. As it relates to the large tractors as we talked about, we have seen orders slow some compared to where we were a quarter ago really, as the prolonged trade uncertainty is pausing some purchase decisions as customers take a wait and see approach. I think it's important as we talked to our dealers our dealers, we just had a meeting with all of our dealer CEOs, and we see -- they see a lot of traffic in the dealership, strong quoting activity. And when you look at the first three months of the year, we saw a pretty -- really strong retail activity across large tractors and combine. So, I think while you do -- we've seen some folks maybe sitting a little bit on the side line waiting, the traffic is there and the dealerships, they are quoting. So, as Raj mentioned, I think a little more certainty we definitely believe those drivers of demand continue to be there.
Operator: The next question is from Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: I wanted to take another swing at the ag and turf margin question. I mean, do you feel like we can exit the year with the, with steel and some of the freight costs and things getting better? Can you exit the year with kind of your mid -- low to mid 30% incremental margin? And is that still the way, the right way, to think about the business for next year assuming mix kind of gets back to where you thought we were at this year?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I think that's fair. I mean I think if you look at our full year right now, and think about kind of the biggest drivers of impact -- that are margins FX and mix, from an incremental perspective, you'd be kind of in the mid-30s, if you didn't have those drivers. So, I think that's fair to say, those two things have been the biggest hindrance to our full-year guide.
Seth Weber: And then just real quick, can you comment on just what you are seeing on industry inventory on the higher horsepower stuff because there are concerns that it's getting elevated?
Josh Jepsen: I mean our view is -- I think, we were very comfortable with our inventory levels there, as you look at for example in AEM, 100 horsepower and above inventory, and you look at the industry less Deere is about 70%, and we're about half of that. So we're continuing to manage that diligently and will continue to be cautious and thoughtful about how we're managing field inventory. Combines, for example, we would be about a third lower than the industry less Deere, so continuing to be thoughtful on the inventory position out there.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mig Dobre of Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: I'd like to go back to Wirtgen, if we may. So, you used to expect growth and from what I can recall you expected something like 14% margins, you step it downright flat and margins 12.5%, but I'm sort of trying to understand the performance in the quarter versus your outlook going forward, it looks to me like the Wirtgen margin was something like 3% in the quarter. And I'm wondering, if you've taken any restructuring or if you've done anything specific in the quarter because the seasonality here seems to me to be a little bit out of whack. And then you've also raised your synergies longer-term, it seems like you're doing something with this business. I just -- I guess I'm wondering. What is it? And how does it flow through, through the rest of the year?
Josh Jepsen: I think seasonally like I mentioned earlier 1Q is kind of the  Id say, slowest, smallest quarter and you see that impact. I think you also have the component of they own a significant amount of their channel, so you know as they are even building inventory or building machines, that those aren't necessarily getting sold to third parties. So, you have some of that impact. And then -- there is a component of as we align our order fulfillment strategies, we're going to work to optimize field inventory and be thoughtful about how we manage that. So, I think those are the biggest drivers, we talked a little bit about the sales come in -- taking our sales guide to be flat year-over-year around 3.4 billion. And thats really on I'd say softness in some key markets, China in particular, which is one thats been well discussed and then a little bit of shifting in terms of mix amongst their product lines that drive some of that activity, but those are really the drivers of that business.
Mig Dobre: Josh, but that's -- no, it's still not clear to me. I mean, if we're excluding some of these items that you sort of called out that seemed to be temporary, what would the margin of this business would have been? I mean like what's happening here versus the plan and what's the seasonality of margin typically through the year?
Josh Jepsen: I think this is kind of normal seasonality for that business, Mig. The first quarter is traditionally a much lighter margin quarter, it gets much better as you move into the remainder of the year, particularly in the kind of mid-quarters, it would be R2 and 3Q and so that's normal for their business. So, that that's what we would expect so I don't think this is not a big departure from what we've seen for their seasonality in the past. We can chat more offline, we've got more additional questions, Mig. We will go ahead and go to next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: I'm wondering if you can talk about so to hit the ag and turf sales guidance for the year. Do your order rates over the balance of the year have to pick up more than normal seasonality? In other words, Josh, you've spoke about the higher inquiries and foot traffic. Do you need that to convert to orders at a higher rate than historically given the weaker overall early order program results in large ag?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I mean, I think we would expect to see some level recovery in orders, again, as we talked about, whether that comes from trade resolution or just refocus on the underlying fundamentals. That would be there in terms of what we'd expect to see. And I think the thing that we feel good about, as you mentioned, is we're seeing a lot of traffic. The drivers of that demand continue to be there, hours, age on the equipment. Many farmers, as Brent mentioned, from an underlying fundamental perspective you know, '18, '19 you see prices higher on three of the four major crops. So, I think that's a significant driver as well.
Jerry Revich: Okay and on the precision ag side, we're hearing from your dealers that ExactApply has really good momentum with penetration in the 30s. I'm wondering, if you can comment. Is that a fair and nationwide number? And from an architecture standpoint, how does the existing spraying architecture and ExactApply fit in when you folks bring Blue River to market on a couple of years?
Josh Jepsen: It's a good question. I mean, we have seen across the earlier programs continued strong adoption of technology whether it's ExactApply, which we saw about 50% growth in that take rate to be about 50%, so about half of those machines is taking that. We've seen big steps in things like ExactEmerge, Combine Advisor closer to 70%, Active Yields more like 90%. So, we're continuing to see adoption. I mean, as it relates to ExactApply and how do those product forms look with Blue River and See and Spray when we come, I think, we're still working through that. Today that we or this year we've had that out being tested in both cotton and in soybeans. But I think, we're still I'd say developing what exactly that will look like. We feel really good about what it's going look like, you know, in terms of the performance that we've seen in the field, but I think pretty premature to say what exactly that you know, product form looks like.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Joel Tiss of BMO. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss: I just wonder. Is there any way to kind of breakout the pricing from the precision versus the underlying equipment pricing? Just to give us a sense of kind of half and half of your price increases?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Joe, that's I think the, one, it's a benefit of our vertical integration in terms of how we've designed this and built it to be one and the same with our hardware. So, it's a challenge to break those out because we're not pricing that as two different components. Now you might have features and solutions that you can add-on. But we don't dig those -- dig it to separate each of those items. So I go back to how do we monetize precision ag? It's in base, features that are in base, things like guidance, or hardware and guidance Telematics, subscriptions for Telematics, and for our guidance systems would be a second way and then lastly would be what we say job automation. So things that allow customers to plant, spray, harvest better so it's ExactApply, it's the ExactEmerge, it's Combine Advisor, and those sorts of things. So as far as, when you think about 3% price realization for the year, it's really hard to say what amount is driven by that. So I think we will continue to dig in and have more conversations around precision ag, but today we are not -- we dont have a good way to attribute pricing specific to that. So with that, I think we are at top of the hour, so we appreciate all the questions, we will be doing follow-ups. So, appreciate all the interest and will be talking to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation on today's conference call. At this time, all parties may disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-11-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Josh Jepsen - Director, Investor Relations Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer John Lagemann - Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing, Americas Brent Norwood - Manager, Investor Communications
Analysts: Tim Thein - Citigroup Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs David Raso - Evercore Joe ODea - Vertical Research Partners Courtney Yakavonis - Morgan Stanley Mig Dobre - Baird Steve Fisher - UBS Rob Wertheimer - Melius Research Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Company Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; John Lagemann, Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing for the Americas; Ryan Campbell, Vice President and Corporate Controller; and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deere's fourth quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlooks for fiscal 2019. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed at our Web site at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and used by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media maybe stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the Unit ed States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these metrics including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our Web site at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. Brent?
Brent Norwood: John Deere had another solid quarter with contributions from both our equipment operations and financial services group. The strong performance has enabled significant investment in new products, services and technologies as well as a return of $1.8 billion to shareholders through both dividends and share buybacks. In agricultural markets, replacement demand continues to drive sales activity for our early order programs; while construction equipment sales benefited from increased construction investment and a healthy order book. Now let's take a closer look at our year end results for 2018 beginning on Slide 3. For the full year, net sales in revenues were up 26%, to $37.358 billion, while net sales for equipment operations were up 29% to $33.351 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $2.368 billion or $7.24 per diluted share. The results for the year included an unfavorable net adjustment to provisional income taxes of $704 million; excluding this item adjusted net income was $3.073 billion. Slide 4 shows the results for the fourth quarter. Net sales and revenues were up 17% to $9.4 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $785 million or $2.42 per diluted share. The results for the quarter included a favorable net adjustment to provisional income taxes of $37 million. Excluding this item adjusted net income was $748 million. On Slide 5, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 18% to $8.3 billion; price realization in the quarter was positive by 2 points. Currency translation was negative by 3 points. The impact of Wirtgen was 11 points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses starting with Agriculture & Turf on Slide 6. Net sales were up 3% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison primarily driven by higher shipment volumes and price realization partially offset by the negative impact of currency. Operating profit was $567 million down 5% from the same quarter last year as the benefit of increased volumes and price realization were balanced by higher production cost, currency headwinds and increased R&D expense. Operating margins for the quarter were 10.1%. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at some fundamentals affecting the ag business. Slide 7 outlines that U.S. principle crop cash receipts, an important indicator for equipment demand, through 2019, principal crop cash receipts are estimated to be up about $120 billion roughly flat with 2018. Record yields and higher prices for corn are forecasted to offset softness in soybean prices. Additionally improved prices for cotton and wheat continue to be supportive of crop cash receipts as well. It's also important to note that the receipts include about $4 billion representing the first tranche in the USDA aid distributed to farmers. To-date just under a billion has already been paid out in 2018. On Slide 8, corn stocks-to-use ratio is expected to decline in response to increasing global demand and drought conditions experienced during the first crop in Argentina, which lowered the country's corn production by roughly 25%. Wheat stock-to-use ratio is projected to decline in 2018 in response to intensifying drought conditions in Europe, Australia and the Black Sea region, as a result, U.S. farmers are seeing increasing export demand for the year. Conversely soybean stocks-to-use ratio is forecast to build in response to higher than expected yields in the U.S., and the ongoing trade dispute between the U.S. and China. Over the last six months there's been much uncertainty as to how China would source soybeans and where displaced U.S. exports would go. While trade flow patterns are still in process of rerouting, it is possible that we could see Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay ship the majority of their exports to China, in addition to a draw down of Chinese stocks and use of protein substitutions. In that scenario, U.S. soybean exports would likely increase to the former trading partners of South America and result in some building of stocks in 2018. We expect farmer sentiment continue to be fluid as trade flow patterns continue to adjust. At this point, I'd like to welcome to the call, John Lagemann, the Ag & Turf, Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing for the Americas. He will provide comments on the current environment for Ag in North and South America as well as the 2019 industry outlook for the Ag & Turf division. John?
John Lagemann: Thanks Brent. Moving on to Slide 9, let's focus on the current backdrop for North American large ag including farmer sentiment, replacement demand and the status of our 2019 early order program. Over the past several months, I've traveled extensively meeting with both dealers and farmers and I've had a chance to discuss general business conditions and their outlook for next year. In the U.S., overall both farmer and dealer sentiment remains cautiously optimistic. While there is uncertainty in the soybean market, there is optimism around improved fundamentals that Brent just referenced in the corn, wheat and cotton markets. In addition, we're seeing notable excitement from dealers and customers in our core Midwest markets concerning the 2018 crop where there are record yields in both corn and soybeans. Dealers believe this crop will positively influence equipment demand for 2019. But despite this optimism, it is also important to acknowledge the ongoing uncertainty the industry faces regarding unresolved global trade issues. While many farmers believe these issues will be resolved before next year's harvest there's no doubt trade concerns have had an impact on farmer sentiment over the last several months. Now let's talk specifics on the industry and the reasons for our constructive view for 2019, which reflect the following four aspects: number one, we are in a replacement market; number two, replacement demand is being augmented by today's precision ag technology; number three, our approach in delivering this technology is uniquely and seamlessly integrated. And finally, the initial response to our 2019 early order programs has been supportive of our view. Now let's take a closer look at these drivers. First, it is still a replacement market that's because the fleet age has reached its highest point since 2013. And customers are increasingly citing a need for newer equipment due to hours and the age on their machines. Further to the second point, we see evidence that replacement demand is being amplified by the latest precision technology with many examples across our entire large Ag portfolio. And through the course of my conversations with customers the last few months, it is clear these advanced technologies are driving operational efficiencies and the tangible economic values. Also evident in the growth of our advanced technologies is the critical role being provided by Deeres proprietary and foundational precision technologies such as guidance, telematics, onboard computing and our digital operations center all of which represent up to 20 years of investment. These foundational elements serve as key enablers for our latest advanced technologies and the combination creates the most differentiated and integrated solution in the marketplace. Deere's advantage in this area is further enhanced by the unmatched capabilities of our dealer organization delivering these solutions. Let's start with product support which is fundamental to our strategy because it ensures our customers get the most performance and uptime from their equipment perhaps the best example is a feature we call John Deere Connected Support, which allows us to remotely help customers monitor their equipment through integrated telematics. We deploy this strategy two years ago and it is now included in the base package for all of our self-propelled large ag equipment. Through John Deere Connected Support, we deploy expert alerts which route predictive maintenance alerts through Deere systems to the local dealer. This allows dealers to proactively contact customers before predicted failure occurs and expedite the repair. This is just one example, but in general our dealers are centralizing their service capabilities so they could take full advantage of the technology we bring to the equipment in order to prevent downtime and maximize our customer's equipment investments. Overall, our dealers also play a critical role in the adoption of precision ag by our customers. Many of our large Ag dealers now employ certified agronomists and are beginning to mainstream precision ag expertise across their dealerships with the intent of helping customers plan and execute their astronomic decisions. Importantly our dealers are making significant investments in both product support and precision ag capabilities. Deere's dealer advantage in this area distinguishes our channel in the industry. Furthermore, we firmly believe a successful precision ag strategy requires a substantial investment from both the OEM and the channel as well as significant collaboration between these two parties. And we are committed to doing just that. I came across an example of why this is so important just last month was visiting with a very large Midwestern farmer, who is in fact in the process of converting from a multicolored fleet to all green. He cited the economic advantages of utilizing an all green fleet across his entire production system from planting, spraying and harvesting, all leveraging the same integrated technology and seamless data platform and equally as important for this customer was the local dealers ability to supply and support the advanced technologies of this entire fleet. This example also highlights how our strong dealer network has been critical in facilitating replacement demand seen in '18 and continuing into 2019 with the latest results of our early order programs, which I will speak to now. In September, the final phase of the planter and sprayer early order program concluded with orders up mid-single digits over 2018. In addition to higher volume year-over-year, the program included a healthy price increase and resulted in materially higher take rates for advanced precision features like ExactApply sprayers and ExactEmerge planters which were up significantly from last year. Moving to our combine early order program results through phase two are mixed with volume ending up in the U.S. but down in Canada largely due to a delayed harvest in some other weather-related issues. Importantly, adoption rates for premium features like active yield and Combine Advisor were both higher than last year. Overall replacement demand continues to drive order activity and we are pleased with the initial response to our early order programs. Furthermore, the 2019 large tractor order book is building and currently running into the second quarter. Customer demand to-date supports our expectations of a continued gradual recovery for large ag equipment in North America, which is still closer to trough volumes than mid-cycle. Key to this gradual recovery is either the continuation of trade flow readjustments which we have seen already some progress in or a trade resolution between the U.S. and China. Turning to Slide 10, I'd like to elaborate on Deere's journey in Brazil and provide insights into the current environment. Deere began its Brazilian operation in 1979 with a 20% acquisition of SLC and the production of combines only. By the 1990s, we foresaw the country's enormous ag potential and began investing heavily in the region. Launched our financial operations and established the region's preeminent dealer channel. Over the last decade, Deere has tripled its tractor market share and now enjoys the leading brand position. We've also localized the complete soybean production system portfolio including tractors, planters, sprayers and combines, while achieving very attractive margins. Further augmenting this complete production system portfolio is our best-in-class distribution channel and Deere's latest precision ag offerings, which also lead the industry and further widened our competitive advantage. After recently traveling to Brazil this month and visiting with both dealers and customers I can report the environment in Brazil is quite positive with farmer sentiment boosted by recent election results and the outlook for expanding acreage. Despite some modest near-term pressure on freight and input prices, we remain very optimistic on the region's long-term prospects and we'll continue to execute our product technology and channel strategy. By region, our 2019 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 11. Industry sales in the U.S. are forecast to be flat to up 5% for 2019. As I mentioned already expectations for the year are largely driven by replacement demand as customers need to update their age fleets and upgrade to more efficient technologies. Further supporting new equipment demand used inventories are down over one-third from their peak in 2014, while pricing has remained stable with good low hour Deere machines selling quickly and bringing strong prices. As mentioned, Midwest dealers are reporting the high yields of this fall's crop should have a positive impact on equipment demand particularly as customers begin reviewing their tax scenarios. For our small ag segment, compact tractor show a strong order book for 2019 driven by a healthy economy and GDP growth. This is helping to offset softness for our livestock and dairy customers, although the order bank for utility tractors and round bailers has been very solid. Moving on to the EU 28, the industry outlook is forecast to be flat in 2019; our strength in the U.K. and France is offsetting weather-related challenges in northern Germany and Scandinavia. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be flat to up 5% for the year. This is primarily driven by solid industry fundamentals in Brazil which is benefiting from a positive reaction to the political election, commodity price premiums and expanding acreage opportunities. However, growth in Argentina is likely to remain challenged in the near-term as the country battles high inflation and political uncertainty. Shifting to Asia, industry sales are expected to be flat to down slightly as key growth markets begin to cool. Lastly, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in '19, based on the general economic factors mentioned earlier. Putting all of this together on Slide 12, fiscal year 2019 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be up approximately 3%, which includes a negative currency impact of about two points. Furthermore, we anticipate sales in '19 to mirror a similar quarterly seasonality as we saw in 2018. The Ag & Turf Division operating margin is forecast to be up approximately 12.5%. I'll now turn it back over to Brent.
Brent Norwood: Thanks. Let's focus on construction and forestry on Slide 13, net sales for the quarter of $2.7 billion were up 65% compared with last year driven by strong demand for construction and forestry equipment as well as by the acquisition of Wirtgen, which contributed 45% of the positive improvement. Fourth quarter operating profit was $295 million largely benefiting from the Wirtgen acquisition, higher shipment volumes and net price realization partially offset by higher production costs. C&F operating margins were 10.8% for the quarter, about 10.9% excluding Wirtgen. Moving to Slide 14, the economic environment for the construction, forestry and road building industries looks solid and continue to support increased demand for new and used equipment. For 2019, U.S. GDP in total construction investment are forecast to grow, while housing starts and oil activity remain at supportive levels for equipment demand. Importantly, our U.S. customer base remains quite optimistic on next year's prospects citing backlogs extending through much of the year. Lastly, global transportation investment this year is forecast to grow about 5% driving increased demand for road construction equipment such as milling machines, rollers and asphalt pavers, which are all important product lines for Wirtgen. These positive economic indicators are reflected in a strong order book which is now extending about six months into 2019. Moving to the C&F outlook on Slide 15, Deere's construction and forestry sales are now forecast to be up about 15% in 2019 as a result of stronger demand for equipment as well as an additional two months of ownership of Wirtgen. The net sales forecast includes about $3.8 billion attributable to Wirtgen. The forecast for global forestry market is up about 10% as a result of improvement in sales in the U.S. and Canada and strong demand for [cutter linked] [ph] products in Europe and Russia. C&F's full year operating margin is projected to be about 12% excluding Wirtgen C&F projects operating margins to be about 11.5%. With regards to Wirtgen integration continues to go as planned and the business is enjoying healthy backlogs and performing to the high-end of our expectations. Operating margins are now forecast to be about 14% for 2019. Let's move now through our financial services operations. Slide 16 shows the provision for credit losses as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. The financial forecast for 2019 shown on the slide contemplates a loss provision of about 17 basis points, 4 basis points higher than 2018. This would put loss provisions for the year below the 10-year average of 23 basis points and the 15-year average of 24 basis points. Moving to Slide 17. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $261 million in the fourth quarter. The results for the quarter included $109 million of net tax reform related charges arising from the re-measurement of deferred tax assets and deemed earnings repatriation. Excluding tax reform related items, adjusted net income in the fourth quarter was $153 million up about 19% compared to the same quarter last year. For the full year in 2019, net income is forecast to be about $630 million. Slide 18 outlines receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole receivables and inventories ended the year up $3.5 billion. In the C&F division, the majority of the increase is attributable to Wirtgen as well as a higher order book and production schedule for 2019. For ag, the increase is due to better inventory positioning with our supply base and continued demand for small ag products which require adequate inventory to sales ratio. Moving to Slide 19, cost of sales for the fourth quarter was 76% of net sales and our 2019 guidance is about 75% down two points from 2018. R&D was up about 18% in the fourth quarter and forecast to be up 6% in 2019 or 4% when excluding Wirtgen from the results. The increase in 2019 primarily relates to strategic investments in precision ag as well as next generation new product development programs for large ag product lines. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up 8% in the quarter and 15% for the full year on a reported basis. The year-over-year increase is mostly attributable to the impact of acquisitions. Our full year 2019 SA&G forecast expense is up about 7% or 4% excluding Wirtgen. Turning to Slide 20, equipment operation tax rate was 34% in the fourth quarter, which included an unfavorable adjustment of $72 million arising from tax reform. For 2019, Deere's year full year effective tax rate is projected to be between 25% and 27%. Slide 21 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $4.8 billion in 2019 up from $3.3 billion in 2018. Keep in mind that 2018 cash flow included about $1.4 billion in voluntary contributions to pension and OPEB. Company's financial outlook is on Slide 22. Our full year outlook now calls for net sales to be up about 7%. Guidance includes about three points of price realization and two points related to an additional two months of Wirtgen ownership. On the negative side, we expect currency to be about a two point headwind next year. With respect to cost inflation, we anticipate the price realization forecast in 2019 will offset both material costs and freight inflation experienced in 2018 as well as any additional increases forecasted in 2019. Finally, our full year 2019 GAAP net income forecast is now about $3.6 billion. I will now turn the call over to Raj Kalathur for closing comments. Raj?
Raj Kalathur: Before we respond to your questions, I'd like to share some thoughts on capital allocation, Deere's ongoing strategy and the long-term tailwinds underpinning our business outlook. First it's important to know that continued demand for book ag and construction equipment has resulted in excellent cash flow generation and allowed us to increase the capital return to shareholders. In 2018, the company returned almost $1.8 million through an increased dividend and the repurchase of approximately 950 million in stock. In 2019, we are forecasting a strong $4.8 billion in cash flow from operations. These measures reflect our optimism on the future prospects for the end markets we serve. With regard to our dividend, we aim to maintain a payout ratio that targets 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings and can be sustained through the cycle. Based on our performance in the previous cycle and the inclusion of Wirtgen, we will consider further dividend increases in fiscal year 2019. Second, in our recent review of the John Deere strategy, we revised our 2022 financial aspirations to reflect our higher expectations for the business. As a result, we raised our mid-cycle operating margin target from 12% to 15% and modified our operating asset turn aspiration to keep us focused on managing assets effectively. These goals reflect our continued drive to make further improvements and overcome headwinds such as currency or inflation. Also the new goals incorporate Wirtgen's potential contribution and will keep us focused on our successful integration. Furthermore, Deere has a good track record of achieving higher levels of performance, so we are confident the company will quickly drive towards these new aspirations. Importantly, incentive compensation is aligned to these higher goals as you may have already noticed in our last proxy. Lastly, although global agricultural markets continue to face uncertainty over trade, the underlying fundamentals and tailwinds remain intact. It's important to keep in mind that global demand for grains continue to grow even as trade flows adjust to accommodate changes in government policy and forecasts show demand outpacing supply for the '18/'19 seasons. We are encouraged by the level of replacement demand driving sales at the present time and believe our business will continue to benefit from a gradual recovery in the Northern American large ag market and the rapid adoption of precision technologies. As a result, we look forward to delivering strong results in 2019 and beyond.
Josh Jepsen: Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Shirley?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Tim Thein with Citigroup. You may ask your question.
Tim Thein: Great. Thank you. Good morning. First, thanks to John for the color that was really helpful. Just coming back Raj on what you just finished with in terms of the updated goals, specifically the 15% at mid-cycle operating margin target. The company is -- I don't think has ever hit that just in any year in the past so maybe just obviously that the inclusion of Wirtgen adds a different component to the sales and profit mix from what you've had historically. But maybe if you can just give us some kind of a little more color in terms of what helps to give you confidence in the company's ability to hit that mid cycle margin target just in terms of the -- maybe changes to the cost structure et cetera. So that's my question. Thank you.
Raj Kalathur: Sure, Tim. One, we talked about technology investments we've been making in the last few years and precision ag is an example. These types of technologies and the solutions and the products that come out of these have significant value to the customers and such products should allow us to not only generate higher revenues, higher share, but also much higher margins given the kind of value this will generate for the customer. That's one. The second would be John talked about Connected Support; these type of technologies that we are incorporating now will help us develop a much higher share of the aftermarket business going forward, okay. This you have to work with the channel and you heard about the investments the channel is making and we are making to enable that. Third, you mentioned Wirtgen, I think the synergies from Wirtgen both on the cost side and the sales side and some of the growth prospects there will also allow us to improve our margins. Four, the example would be just all the journey that we can do internally in terms of improving efficiency and effectiveness of our operations just leveraging digitalization for example, okay, a small thought would be in shared services and accounting we use robotic process automation. There are so many places we intend to actually use such digitalization technologies to improve the effectiveness and efficiency. And finally, one other example would be, we'll continue to work on direct material cost reduction, indirect material cost reduction and so on that will also yield an additional opportunity for us to improve margins. So those are the types of things we are envisioning. There'll be a lot more like that. So thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. You may ask your question.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning. Couple of questions, one just on, can you comment on the ag margins in the quarter. They were I think a little light relative to what you guys had guided and also the margins for the full year for ag for '19 at 12.5% I think the implied incrementals are mid to high 20s, which is a little lighter than I think we were thinking so if you could provide color on that. And then, my follow-up question is just on the pricing front for 2019, I understand the full -- it's 3%, but can you help us get some better clarity on what -- how we should think about ag versus construction? Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Jamie when we look at the ag margins and I think it's really a similar story kind of what we saw in 2018 as well as the guide for 2019. FX was a significant headwind in the fourth quarter. We're seeing that carry through into 2019. So when you think about kind of the full year of 2018 about 12.1%, ex FX that's about 12.5%. So we saw some drag there. Similarly as we look at 2019, FX is about a 0.5 drag on our ag margins. So that's been a pretty significant impact over where we were forecasting a quarter ago. As you think about '19, the other components FX is the biggest piece, we do have the impact of R&D and SA&G, really R&D focused on some of the things that John and Raj mentioned in terms of precision ag as well as next generation large ag products that we think over the long-term help us achieve those ambition goals in terms of margins as well as growing share. I think those are the major puts and takes embedded in that guide as you noted is the price realization that we've talked about. So we're 3% next year for the equipment operations in total. Both divisions really participating, since we've talked a lot about pricing on large ag John alluded to it. We've seen that on our early order programs, in our order books that are available now. So we feel good about that and our ability to offset the material and freight cost inflation we've seen in '18 and '19. On the construction side, we put through some discount reductions so we took additional action there that went into effect in November to get price realization on the construction side of the business. And I think it's important to note there we also expect that we're going to get price that offsets the material and cost inflation we are seeing on that side. So I think that's probably how we look at '19 overall from a margin and price perspective. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. We will go ahead to the next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. You may ask your question.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning. For Raj, I guess maybe just going back to the capital allocation, as you noted cash from ops is going be up 50% or so this year. I mean is the increase in buyback that you did in the fourth quarter is -- do you feel like that's a decent run rate for us to be thinking about going forward for through 2019? Thanks.
Raj Kalathur: Seth, I think we used the same cash use priorities that we've used in the past. And first, we maintain a mid-single A rating throughout the cycle. We have a strong balance sheet right now to support it. And second, as we'll invest in growth, both organic and inorganic. You've seen as invest in very promising technologies like in precision ag. We also invested in really selectively and adding to areas like Crop Care, the type of company [indiscernible] gain market position or importantly new capabilities. So you'll see us continue to do some of those. And then, you also notice that we've increased dividend by 15% in May 2018 to $0.69 per quarter. We plan to keep the dividends at 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings. Our mid-cycle earnings go up, we'll continue to consider increases. As mentioned earlier, we'll be considering further increases in fiscal '19. And finally, share repurchases, we'll definitely consider if there's cash left and you said $4.8 billion that should leave a lot of cash. But, we'll also be very opportunistic about it. And now with our purchases and time it appropriately in the cycle and we tend to look at the long-term shareholders benefit when we see repurchase shares. Now, with $4.8 billion, the forecast for next year and the current level of share prices, we think it will be a very good value in terms of share repurchase consideration from a longer term shareholder perspective. I think I will limit it to that right now, Seth.
Seth Weber: Okay. Just I mean, obviously, over the last two quarters, the cadence has picked up fairly materially from where it had been. So, it seems like a natural progression, it seems like this maybe kind of how you are thinking about the run rate going forward. That's all I'm asking. Yes.
Raj Kalathur: I think it's a good statement you made, its worth.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Seth. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. You may ask your question.
Ann Duignan: Hi. Good morning. I guess my question is for John, I'm just curious frankly your outlook for cash receipts by commodity. What are you contemplating in terms of planted acres by major crop? And the same question. I kind of ask CMH with the North Dakota, South Dakota guys, you've got 12 million acres of soybean this year, with no export program. Is it conceivable that they will take completely out of beans next year and into other crops. I'm just curious what your thoughts are John and what you're hearing out there in the Midwest in terms of planted acres by major crop.
Josh Jepsen: Ann, this is Josh. I'll start and then John will add on. I mean I think as we think about the major crops, I mean certainly a lot of eyes on what this forecast, this harvest is going to look like what happens in South America. I think by and large as we think about, the crop cash receipts, we're seeing -- certainly seeing the benefit of the improvements in corn, cotton and wheat this year in North America. And that probably does drive some shift in acreage out of soybeans, but probably not all to one commodity, some to corn, some to wheat. I think importantly as you go to South America at least what we're -- what our expectations are now is, you see shift out of corn into cotton, so I think there's going to be a lot of puts and takes as we think about this globally and how farmers -- you make their decisions and think about this from their specific economics as we start planning for next year.
John Lagemann: Yes. And thanks for the question. This is John. I think it's highly dependent upon where it is. I think in those areas that that can grow corn successfully and have grown corn successfully, you'll probably see somewhat of a shift to corn. But I think the point that that Josh made about South America is important because my conversations down there the folks that plant second crop which is a significant piece of the Brazilian ag business, they're leaning heavily towards cotton because of the current conditions and that's going to -- we think provide a buffer on any increased corn here in the U.S. and we're seeing early estimates corn maybe up 3 million to 4 million acres in the U.S. So I'll limit my answer to that.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. We'll go ahead and move on to the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. You may ask your question.
Andy Casey: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to go back to Jamie's question a little bit. You've been dealing with elevated production costs in Ag & Turf during 2018, first, do those dissipate in 2019? And then the higher R&D, SA&G that you're looking to incur in 2019 should we view that as partially precision ag market development that really should come back in terms of future payback?
Brent Norwood: Yes. I think you're right. Couple of components of higher production costs in '18, certainly material and freight that we've seen as we look at '18 versus '19, we saw a bigger impact in '18 than we were foreseen in '19. And then, when you think about R&D and SA&G, you're exactly right. I mean the large portion of the R&D is focused on precision ag as well as the next generation large ag products. And then, SA&G, there is a significant component there that is related to our customer and product support technology and capabilities and really working seamlessly with our dealer to deliver those solutions. So that's a piece. You've also got down smaller in that some things like incentive comp, some marketing type of things like that but those would be the biggest items.
Andy Casey: Okay. Thanks very much.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. You may ask your question.
Jerry Revich: Hi. Good morning and Happy Thanksgiving everyone. Can you expand on your comments on used inventories in the prepared remarks, so we're hearing about rising used inventories off of a low level or combines and for excavator product line specifically? So can you just talk about what you're seeing in the channel and your comfort level on the construction equipment outlook, strong production growth next year within the context of inventories starting to rise off of the low base but certainly starting to rise.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Thanks Jerry. Starting maybe on used on both sides of the business I think, large ag used we're down a third from the peak of the market. I think importantly we feel good about inventory levels and we've seen prices stabilize. So I think that's some positive on the construction side. We've also continued to see used inventory come down because of the tightness in terms of supply. We've actually seen a number of our dealers putting used into their rental fleets to leverage those machines they have to be able to drive that. So I don't think on the construction side, we've seen any product category be particularly concerning or an issue there. John on the used side 
John Lagemann: I think you nailed it on the ag side. We are off third as you said. It's really the lowest point it's been over the last four years. And I think we're in a comfortable zone. If you look at the inventory ratio, so I really have nothing else to add.
Jerry Revich: And that includes [corn] [ph] on John?
John Lagemann: Correct.
Jerry Revich: Yes. All right. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Eric. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from David Raso with Evercore. You may ask your question.
David Raso: Thank you. A quick clarification first though, the John Deere strategy, the bumping up the operating margins. Was there any change to your view of mid-cycle revenues in that analysis?
Raj Kalathur: So David as we think through this, we look at '18 through '22 and these are forecasted numbers for the future. And as our business expands you would expect approximate 7-year average to expand as well in terms of sales. So our modeling mid-cycle has not changed in this process, okay? So you would expect '18 or '22 some growth in the mid-cycle.
David Raso: If you even account for the Wirtgen bump up for the margin, you sort of just bumped up your implied EPS mid-cycle by almost $2 and just making sure I understand was that may be as you lower the revenue assumption, so the margin bump is less powerful, but to be clear you're saying you didn't change your view of mid-cycle revenues.
Raj Kalathur: We didn't change our -- I think we didn't change our process to calculate mid-cycle revenue, okay? The mid-cycle revenues will change based on what we post on a yearly basis.
David Raso: Did they go down I guess, Raj. If you held them where they were adding about 200 to 250 bps of core margin improvement, so again exclude the Wirtgen benefit because it's a higher margin business. It does appear you bumped up your implied EPS mid-cycle by almost two dollars. I just want to make sure we understand that is the idea or no, did you lower the revenue assumption while raising the margin, so the benefit not quite as much.
Raj Kalathur: This is kind of -- it might be an endless answer here to answer your question, but we are not going to talk about exactly what the change in EPS is on a year-by-year basis. But what we are not assuming any lower revenues in this process like we said.
David Raso: That's all I think the clarification.
Raj Kalathur: But this is not going to bring things like precision ag. They're going to bring new products additional growth. Wirtgen brings additional growth that our technologies that we talked about brings more growth on the aftermarket side. Like the customer support piece as we've talked about. So this looks at additional growth opportunities and thereby additional margin opportunities.
David Raso: Thanks for that. So real quick, my question is on the guide for Ag & Turf for the year. You're saying organic sales are up 5, but when you back out pricing, it's almost implying volumes are almost not up at all. And given your end market outlook and you obviously sure sounded confident your ability to outgrow the market given all the technology benefits you have. Just trying to understand why are we assuming volumes globally for your business barely up at all in this guidance? That's the final question. Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Yes, David. I think if you look across those the guidance in ag, largely flat, flat to up 5, and I think as John has pointed out, there is uncertainty there. And I think just recognition its early and we want to make sure that we are not giving ahead of ourselves there. But, I think, I wouldn't read too much into that on top of that.
David Raso: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Then we have the FX headwind that we talked about that's significant on the top-line.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you, David. Lot more than one question. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Joe ODea with Vertical Research Partners. You may ask your question.
Joe ODea: Hi, good morning. Just looking for any insight on where we stand on the farm aid payments, you've talked about, how much has been paid so far on the first tranche. But, what's your visibility is into any announcement on a second tranche and so the timing of that the amount of that and how that might be spread across commodities.
Brent Norwood: Thanks Joe. I mean I think as you've noted there's been conversations that there's expectations it could come out December, similar amount. I think probably importantly, as we think about that, we're seeing as noted and some of that payment come out quicker. So the expectation we see some of that come through maybe more here in the next month or two on the first tranche. So we'll see the timing of that but announcement in December. You could see that in the first couple of months then of calendar '19.
Joe ODea: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. You may your question.
Courtney Yakavonis: Hi. Thanks. Just wanted to get some clarification on the margin guidance for A&G and for C&F next year? Do those, how much headwind are you guys assuming from the Section 232 and 301 tariff and are you assuming the 25% goes into that?
Brent Norwood: Yes. Great question, Courtney. So I think -- when you think about steel overall, we're seeing higher -- we saw a bigger impact in 2018 than we do in 2019. Couple of things that play there. If you think about hot-rolled coil on the ag side of the business, our fourth quarter is kind of where we saw the higher level of steel pricing and we've actually -- that's what we forecast as we look into 2019. So we're -- at a more elevated fuel level as it comes down as this forecasts that would be beneficial. On the C&F side, plate steel has actually been higher and we've not really seen that move a whole lot. So that's in our forecast. But it appears to look like it'll stay at higher levels throughout the year. So I mean '18, '19 all in, '18 is a little bit higher, we're seeing that impact in '19. I think importantly we're getting price in both divisions to offset that inflation. As you think about the 301 tariff. So we've estimated about 100 million to 125 million for the enterprise across the year in 2019 and that's at the 25% level. And what our teams would tell you is they're working really hard on that with suppliers and negotiations to go to try to beat that number, but that's what we've got embedded in the forecast, is 100 million to 125 million.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird. You may ask your question.
Mig Dobre: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. I just want to talk about C&F a little bit. You talked about order book extending six months into 2019. Can you frame that? And then, on your implied core growth of 12, can you help us understand how you're thinking about Wirtgen versus your legacy construction business? Thanks.
Raj Kalathur: Yes. So I think when we think about the order book, yes, we talk about -- we've got 6 months of orders in hand that's well beyond what we typically run somewhere a month two to less than two on a regular basis. So quite a bit more visibility that's really just based on orders we're seeing come in the backlog of work that our contractors have. I think when we step back and look at the economic indicators affecting that industry they are still supportive. You think about -- like I mentioned in the backlog, housing has been continued to be supportive. And so I think that's been positive rental utilization. Rental rates have been strong. So I think that's what is driving and informing that outlook. As we think about legacy C&F versus Wirtgen. I think Wirtgen as we talked about and I think Brent mentioned about $3.8 billion of sales next year. So solid growth healthy backlog there underlying that is about 5% growth expectation in global transportation, road transportation spending. I think that's positive as well. So I think not all of those factors kind of economic drivers are what would be forming the forecast there and we feel good about where that's at right now.
Josh Jepsen: So thanks. We'll go ahead and move on to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Steve Fisher with UBS. You may ask your question.
Steve Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. I wonder if you could talk about the 30% increase in CapEx roughly that you're planning for 2019. What's in that? How tight is that to some of the things you mentioned on R &D? And how much maybe incremental depreciation is flowing through 2019 net income as a result of that higher CapEx?
Raj Kalathur: Yes, Steve. When we think about CapEx. It's really it is as you noted a similar story to R&D in that we're focused on advancing our capabilities and precision ag large ag products, the next generation I think in our view, we've got an opportunity to extend our leadership position and continue to move forward there. So that's really what we're doing. And I think those would be the biggest components of that increased spend.
Steve Fisher: Yes. I was just going to ask the clarification about the incremental depreciation flowing through into 2019, net income as a result of that 30% increase.
Raj Kalathur: Yes. I think it's up less than 100 million. If you look at Slide 26, it's about 75 million of increased D&A next year.
Steve Fisher: Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot.
Josh Jepsen: All right. Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. Your question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. You may ask your question.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi. Thanks and good morning. My question is just on the volume contribution from precision ag features and options. How much is that contributing to volume this year and do you have any comment has been on our penetration rates overall and what the potential contribution to that feature set is, whether it's 10% increase in your volumes or 5 or 20 or what?
Raj Kalathur: Rob, we haven't sized that exactly what I tell you is, it is impactful, when we think about things like ExactEmerge and ExactApply. We're seeing those up significantly from a take rate perspective over a year ago. In some cases 50% increase in the take rates there. Similarly on the combined side, where we're seeing combine advisor and active yield be extremely high penetration rates and adoption. So we've been in it, so it's difficult to decide what does that mean towards our top-line. But we think it is part of the impact there. And it also helps our ability to get price because of the value and economic value we create for the customers. And I will let John
John Lagemann: I think that's the main thing. It's because it's really integrated into the product. I think it's hard to measure the incremental value of it, but it really helps sell the value of the product. So I think that's the main perspective.
Raj Kalathur: Yes. So I think Rob that doesn't probably answer your question perfectly, but I think at this point we say, it is impactful and as noted by our investments and our new capital, we think it'll continue to be more important and as we go forward.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. We'll go ahead and jump to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Chad Dillard with Deutsche Bank. You may ask your question.
Chad Dillard: Hi. Good morning everyone. Just wanted to dig into the inventory increase that you saw exiting that year for [A&G] [ph]. I just want to understand the mix between large and small ag, and then, how are you thinking about Deere inventories exit in 2019? And then, secondly, maybe you can just comment on how you're seeing the dealer channel evolve and how you expecting that to exit the year.
Raj Kalathur: I think Chad, when we think about the working capital and where we ended the year up what we'd expected. Earlier this year, it's really driven by a few things. One is kind of timing and weather. So later harvest has certainly impacted some of the timing of when we would expect things to retail. So that's been a significant impact. You've also got small ag there, where we're building inventory. It's important in terms of the customer purchase patterns that we've got inventory to sales and availability throughout the year. So that's a piece. And then, lastly, we're in a much better position with our supply base now than we were a year ago. So last year we did not have as much a part in component availability and this year, we're in a much better position that allows us to go into '19 producing more effectively and efficiently as we move forward. But I'll ask John to add a comment.
John Lagemann: I think I'd add two things Josh. Number one the small tractor and small ag is a strategic play for us because of the focus we're putting on that market. And I think on the large ag piece, it's really timing and the reason I say that is because when you look at November retail sales, frankly they're up significantly over 2018. So I think the late harvest made it more of a timing issue. So we're very encouraged by the early sales in November as we look at 2019.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Chad. I think overall -- your comment of kind of where do we end with field inventory. I think that's where we feel like at a hundred horsepower plus a combine slightly higher inventory sales where we're a year ago. And again as John pointed out, we think some of that's just timing of when those retails are occurring. So thank you. We'll go ahead and take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may ask your question.
Ross Gilardi: Yes. Thanks guys for squeezing me in. So the feedback from our dealer survey last week, the dealers gathering $2000 to $3000 of annual subscription revenue from customers if not more on a cumulative basis from all of your various precision ag technologies. Last quarter you talked about 130,000 connected ag machines. So if you just multiply $3000 as sub-revenue times 130,000 machines, it get them nearly $400 million in revenue. And then, some of these things you seem to be charging activation fees. You've got other hardware revenue streams. Is it unreasonable to think that precision ag is a $500 million revenue business for Deere today, if not larger at substantially higher margins than the rest of the company. And where are you accounting for that subscription revenue base. Is it in your 300 basis points of pricing or is it somewhere else? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks Ross. It's a big picture right now. We know we're not at the level where we want to break that out in terms of that business in one. It's particularly -- it's not easy to break out because of the integration but we do think it's really important. I think as we go forward, we'll continue to dig in to that and provide more color, but at this point you really -- you do see that -- you think about monetization in the base equipment and premium features, and then in those subscriptions. So we think it's a significant opportunity to create value for customers and we think as we do that we're going to be able to participate in that value.
Ross Gilardi: It is buried inside of just your volumes or is it in the pricing or is it on top of the pricing the 300 basis points of pricing that you're forecasting this year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. It's really a combination. There is components of the hardware that would be in base and there's other things that would come through your premium features. So it's a little bit of a mix. If not just clean as just one simple -- one simple line item.
Ross Gilardi: Okay. Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: All right. Thanks Ross.
Josh Jepsen: All right. Well, thanks everyone we appreciate your participation. I hope everyone has happy Thanksgiving and we'll be available today for callbacks. Take care.
Operator: Thank you and this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-08-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Josh Jepsen - Director, Investor Relations Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer Ryan Campbell - Vice President and Corporate Controller Brent Norwood - Manager, Investor Communications John May - President, Agricultural Solutions and Chief Information Officer
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Steven Fisher - UBS Rob Wertheimer - Melius Research Mike Shlisky - Seaport Global Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Joe ODea - Vertical Research Partners Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Ross Gilardi - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning and welcome to John Deere & Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn over the call to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; John May, President of Agricultural Solutions and Chief Information Officer; Ryan Campbell, Vice President and Corporate Controller; and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deeres third quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlooks for fiscal 2018. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note slides are available to complement this call. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media maybe stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. Brent?
Brent Norwood: John Deere had another solid quarter with contributions from both our equipment operations and financial services group. The higher reported earnings were a result of favorable market conditions and a positive response to our innovative and advanced product lineup. In agricultural markets, replacement demand continues to drive sales activity for large equipment, while construction equipment sales benefited from increased investment in oil and gas, housing and global transportation. Now, lets take a closer look at our third quarter results beginning on Slide 3. Net sales and revenue were up 32% to $10.3 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $910 million or $2.78 per diluted share. The results for the quarter included a favorable net adjustment to provisional income taxes of $62 million. Excluding this item, adjusted net income was $849 million. On Slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 36% to $9.286 billion. Currency translation was negative by 1 point. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 1 point. The impact of Wirtgen was 17 points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, starting with agriculture and turf on Slide 5. Net sales were up 18% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison primarily driven by higher shipment volumes, price realization and lower warranty expenses. Operating profit was $806 million, up 16% from the same quarter last year or 35% when excluding the impact from the sale of SiteOne. Operating margins for the quarter were 12.8%. Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at the fundamentals affecting the ag business. On Slide 6, corn stocks-to-use ratio is expected to decline in response to increasing global demand and drought conditions experienced during the first crop in Argentina, which lowered the countrys corn production by roughly 25%. Conversely, soybean stocks-to-use ratio is forecast to build in response to higher than expected yields in the U.S. Wheat stocks-to-use ratio is projected to decline in 2018 in response to intensifying drought conditions in Europe, Australia and the Black Sea region. As a result, U.S. farmers are seeing increasing export demand for the year. Slide 7 outlines U.S. farm cash receipts. 2018 farm cash receipts are estimated to be about $375 billion, roughly flat with 2017. Crop cash receipts are projected to be on par with last year as favorable commodity prices in corn and wheat are partially offset by softness in the soybean market. Receipts from livestock are also flat due to strong domestic and export demand balanced by growing supply and lower prices. Our ag economic outlook for the EU 28 is on Slide 8. While crops began to season in fair conditions, more recent results across the EU have varied due to regional droughts. Nonetheless, the overall crop value of production is still expected to increase in 2018. Overall, arable farm profitability remains slightly below long-term averages. Those severe regional droughts are negatively impacting Central and Northeast Europe, while the Southern and Western regions report more positive conditions. Furthermore, favorable wheat prices are also contributing margins in key markets. Profitability for the dairy segment remains above long-term averages though production and input costs will likely be impacted by recent drought conditions. Shifting to Brazil on Slide 9, the chart on the left displays the crop value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agro business in Brazil. The value of ag production is expected to be about the same as last year with strong prices in increased export demand benefiting industry sales in the second half of the year after a slow start earlier this year. On the right side of the slide, you will see eligible rates for ag-related government sponsored finance programs. In June, details for the 2018-19 Moderfrota program were announced and received positively in the market. Interest rates for large farmers were decreased 100 basis points, while popular features such as a 7-year repayment term and 14-month grace period were kept in place. Higher demand during the quarters regional farm equipment shows reflected strong enthusiasm for the program. Overall conditions in Brazil supports solid farmer confidence as premium pricing for soybeans, lower financing cost and favorable exchange rates help offset recent increases in freight prices. These factors, along with our strong trend of operating results and market share gains positioned us very well for continued growth in the region. At this point, I would like to welcome to the call John May, President of Deeres Agricultural Solutions and Chief Information Officer. He will provide comments on the outlook for ag and turf, an update on Deeres precision ag strategy and a review of recent M&A transactions in crop care. John?
John May: Thank you, Brent. Our 2018 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 10. Industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are forecast to be up approximately 10% for the year. For 2018, results have been largely driven by replacement demand as customers cite the need to update their aged fleets and show a strong preference for greater productivity enabled to the latest technology. Even as trade issues have weighed on farmer sentiment more recently, we have still seen replacement demand reflected in the Phase 1 results of our 2019 planter and sprayer early order programs, which both ended slightly higher than last years Phase 1 results. And while its still too early to draw from firm conclusions regarding overall 2019 ag demand, it is noteworthy to highlight the early order programs, higher take rates of advanced precision features, which clearly demonstrates the economic benefits of our solutions and supports the growth of our precision ag strategy. With sentiment likely to remain fluid over the coming months, farmers continued to show a strong willingness to invest in technology that improves both productivity and economic outcomes. Moving on to the EU 28, industry outlook is forecast to be between 5% and 10% in 2018, up from previous guidance of approximately 5%. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be flat to up 5% for the year. This is primarily driven by solid industry fundamentals in Brazil, which is offset by weakness in Argentina as a result of drought conditions experienced in the first half of the year. Shifting to Asia, industry sales are expected to be relatively unchanged from 2017 though India continues to deliver strong results in the region. Lastly, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2018. Putting this altogether on Slide 11, fiscal year 2018 Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment are now forecast to be up approximately 15%. The ag and turf divisions operating margin is forecast to be about 12.5% for the year, up roughly 2 points from 2017 after excluding the gains on the sale of SiteOne last year. Moving on to Slide 12, I would like to elaborate on Deeres precision ag journey and provide insights into our current strategy. In collaboration with our product platforms, the intelligent solutions group is advancing Deeres precision ag strategy and leading the industry in machine optimization, job execution and mobile management for the farmer. Over the last two decades, we have aggressively invested to ensure our equipment is easier, smarter and more precise than any other solution available and we are committed to extending our industry leading position in the future. Todays portfolio of ISGs tools, include precision hardware, telematics, digital solution and advanced customer support. Recent precision hardware introductions demonstrated significant economic value to farming operations and in some cases already achieving take rates in excess of 50%. For example, the recently released Combine Advisor feature utilizes sensors and algorithms to automatically optimize multiple combine settings resulting in better grain quality while minimizing losses. Additionally, the introduction of our ExactApply spraying technology provides individual nozzle control to increase yields and reduce input costs by 2% to 5%. With regards to telematics, there are currently over 130,000 ag machines in the field today. Our automatic guidance system AutoTrack delivers sub-inch accuracy and is available in 100 countries as shown on Slide 13. And it is worth noting that 2018 is a record year in the adoption of this technology. In recent years digital products have become increasingly critical to farming operations. And the John Deere operations center seamlessly manages production data and enables better decision making on the farm. Additionally the system, the most collaborative in the industry allows over 85 partnering companies to connect enabling farmers to collaborate with their trusted advisors. On a rolling 12 basis in the U.S. and Canada alone Deere has nearly 100 million engaged acres that are actively uploading data into our digital tools. Worldwide, we are seeing significant progress in engaged acres at an accelerated rate of adoption. Related to machine optimization, we are now using technology to enhance our customer support capabilities and our expert alerts feature is an excellent example of recent innovation impacting farmers. These alerts provide predictive maintenance notifications to both the customer and the dealer, allowing farmers to avoid costly down times and enabling dealers to provide better service. Given the state of our current precision portfolio, we are increasingly optimistic about the future impact of precision technologies as the inclusion of machine learning, computer vision and robotics holds potential to unlock billions of dollars and in agricultural value. To further advance Deere on the machine automation journey, last year we acquired Blue River Technology. Blue River is the leading integrated ag machine learning company in the industry. The acquisition provides Deere a competency in artificial intelligence which we view as core capability that will increasingly drive the basis for competition in ag equipment. This capability will enable our machines to; one, sense conditions in the field, two, make decisions, three, execute the appropriate action and four, learn and adjust. These steps could eventually shift decision making today from the field level down to the individual plant level. Blue Rivers first product See & Spray is still a few years away from commercialization, but we currently are testing this product in thousands of acres this season. The product identifies and then selectively sprays weeds instead of spraying the entire field. This vastly decreases the amount of herbicide used in operation which improves economics for the farmer, while reducing chemical usage in our food chain. Last month, I had the pleasure of attending a Customer Day in Texas where over 60 customers viewed the product demonstrations firsthand, the feedback was highly encouraging and let us know we are on the right path. Ultimately, we see See & Spray as just the tip of the iceberg, but the inclusion of artificial intelligence in ag equipment. The ability to automate many farming jobs from planting to harvesting will be enabled through the use of this technology. Turing to Slide 14, lets discuss a few other recently completed acquisitions that have enhanced our crop care product portfolio and supported the development of a global crop care solution to further enable our precision ag strategy. Over the last 3 years, Deere has very effectively utilized M&A to help execute our crop care strategy completing four acquisitions including Monosem, Hagie, Mazzotti and King Agro and the recently announced PLA acquisition. Each of the abovementioned transactions provided Deere with either a leading market position or an industry-leading capability. To highlight a few, monism provided Deere the market-leading position in Europe for planters and will enable Deere to create the most capable tractor planter combination in the region. Similarly, the acquisitions of Hagie and PLA provided Deere leading market positions in their respective product forms and geographies. Importantly, these transactions supply Deere with the right products to combine with our foundational precision technologies and other Deere manufactured components. Perhaps most importantly, the transactions have served as a key enabler to enhance and advance precision technologies globally and a critical complement to R&D investments. With rapidly increasing adoption rates for technology, Deere is keeping pace both organic and inorganically to further extend our lead in precision ag. I will turn the call back over to Brent Norwood. Brent?
Brent Norwood: Now, lets focus on construction and forestry on Slide 15. Net sales for the quarter, up $2.99 billion, were up 100% compared with last year driven by strong demand for construction and forestry equipment as well as well as by the acquisition of Wirtgen, which contributed 77% of the positive improvement. Third quarter operating profit was $281 million benefiting from higher shipment volumes, Wirtgen acquisition and lower warranty expense partially offset by higher production cost and higher sales incentive expenses. C&F operating margins were 9.4% for the quarter, but 10.5% excluding Wirtgen. Moving to Slide 16, the economic environment for the construction, forestry and road-building industries look strong and continue to support increased demand for new and used equipment. For the year, U.S. GDP is forecast to grow at about 3%, which is above the 20-year average. Correspondingly, U.S. housing demand remains solid with housing starts expected to be about 1.3 million units for 2018 as inventories of new and existing homes available-for-sale remain at 36-year lows. Residential construction continues to serve as an important indicator for earthmoving equipment sales and current housing demand levels suggest continued growth in the segment. Additionally, construction investment in the U.S. is forecast to grow 3.8% for the year led largely by increased activity in oil and gas. With oil prices now forecast to average about $67 a barrel for the year, backlogs for many oilfield contractors are extending through 2019, which is supported for further equipment demand. Lastly, global transportation investment this year is forecast to grow about 6% driving increased demand for road construction equipment, such as milling machines, rollers and asphalt pavers, which are all important product lines for Wirtgen. These positive economic indicators are reflected in a strong order book, which is now extending well into 2019. Moving to the C&F outlook on Slide 17, Deeres construction and forestry sales are now forecast to be up about 81% in 2018 as a result of stronger demand for equipment as well as the acquisition of Wirtgen. The net sales forecast includes about $3.15 billion attributable to Wirtgen, which was adjusted downward due entirely to FX. The forecast for global forestry market is up about 10% as a result of improvement in sales in the U.S. and Canada and strong demand for cut-to-length products in Europe and Russia. C&Fs full year operating margin is projected to be about 8.5%, which includes the negative impact of purchase accounting and acquisition costs from Wirtgen. Excluding Wirtgen, C&F projects operating margins to be about 10.5%. Wirtgen continues to perform as expected with strong backlogs and operating margins now forecast to achieve the high-end of our 3% to 4% guidance. Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 18 shows the provision for credit losses as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. Financial forecast for 2018 shown on the slide contemplates a loss provision of about 15 basis points, 6 basis points lower than our previous forecast. This will put loss provisions for the year below the 10-year average of 25 basis points and the 15-year average of 27 points. Moving to Slide 19, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $151 million in the third quarter. The results for the quarter included about $4 million in net tax reform related charges arising from the re-measurement of deferred tax asset and deemed earnings repatriation. Excluding tax reform related items, adjusted net income in the third quarter was $148 million, up about 13% compared to the same quarter last year. For the full year in 2018 net income is forecast to be about $815 million. Excluding the impacts of the previously mentioned tax reform related items adjusted net income is forecast to be $583 million. Beyond 2018, effective tax rates for John Deere Financial are forecast to be between 24% and 26%. Slide 20 outlines receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole receivables and inventories ended the quarter up $3.8 billion. In the C&F division the majority of the increase is attributable to Wirtgen, while for ag, the increases due to higher sales. By the end of fiscal year 2018 receivables and inventories are expected to increase about $2.5 billion from 2017 levels, driven largely by the inclusion of Wirtgen as well as the higher sales across the company. Slide 21 shows the cost of sales as a percentage of net sales. Cost of sales for the third quarter was 77%. Our 2018 cost of sales guidance is about 76% of net sales, unchanged from previous guidance. When modeling 2018 keep these unfavorable impacts in mind higher production costs such as freight and material costs and higher incentive compensation costs. On the favorable side, we expect price realization of about one point and a more positive product mix. Now, lets look at some additional details. With respect to R&D expense on Slide 22, R&D was up about 23% in the third quarter. Approximately 12% of the increase relates to the acquisitions of Wirtgen and Blue River Technology. Our 2018 forecast calls for R&D to be up about 21% with acquisition related activity accounting for nine points of the increase and currency translation of one point. The balance of the R&D increase largely relates to strategic investments in large ag and precision ag that helps drive growth for these key areas. Moving now to Slide 23, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up 19% in the third quarter with acquisition related activities and incentive compensation accounting for most of the change. Our full year 2018 forecast for SA&G expense is up about 16%. Excluding acquisition related expenses, SA&G is forecast to be flat for the year. Turning to Slide 24, the equipment operations tax rate was 24% in the third quarter, which included a favorable adjustment of approximately $62 million arising from tax reform related net deferred tax asset re-measurement and deemed earnings repatriation. Fourth quarter, the effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 25% to 27%, which implies a full year effective tax rate of approximately 55%. For 2019, Deeres full year effective tax rate is projected to be between 25% and 27%. Slide 25 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $3.5 billion in 2018 compared to previous guidance of $3.8 billion. The decrease is for  the decrease in forecast largely relates to an anticipated increase in working capital. The companys financial outlook is on Slide 26. Fourth quarter equipment sales are forecast to be up about 21% compared with the same quarter last year. Our full year outlook now calls for net sales to be up about 30% which includes about one point of price realization and 12 points for the acquisition of Wirtgen. Finally, our full year 2018 GAAP net income forecast is now about $2.36 billion. The full year net income forecast includes charges of $741 million resulting from tax reform related net deferred tax asset re-measurement and deemed earnings repatriation. Excluding the impact of these items, adjusted net income is forecast to be about $3.1 billion. I will now turn the call over to Raj Kalathur for closing comments. Raj?
Raj Kalathur: Before we respond to your questions, let me share a few thoughts on the third quarter and our expectations for the rest of the year. First, its important to note the continued demand for ag equipment even as the industry faces uncertainty around trade. While farmer sentiment remains dynamic in this environment, it is critical to remember that we are still in a replacement market and farmers have shown continued willingness to invest in technologies that enhance operational efficiencies and produce tangible economic results. This has been evident in the initial results from our early order programs, which produced high take rates for our advanced precision features. While its still too early to form a complete outlook for 2019, we believe the continued ag equipment demand affirms both our significant investment in precision ag and our overall current strategy. Second, the solid levels of demand we are experiencing across our two equipment divisions have produced excellent cash flow generation year-to-date. As a result, we contributed 1 billion towards our pension during the third quarter in order to take advantage of last years higher corporate tax rate. Additionally, we announced a 15% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.69 per share on May 30 in order to build towards our desired dividend payout ratio that targets 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings. In last week, during the quarter we repurchased $400 million worth of shares. These actions reflect confidence in our ability to deliver results even in fluctuating market conditions. Lastly, as global agricultural markets navigate uncertainty, the underlying fundamentals and tailwinds to our business model remain unchanged. Global demand for grains continues to grow consistently even as trade flow patterns readjust to accommodate various policy changes. Overall, we are encouraged by the outlook for the rest of 2018 and the early interest for our latest technology to come in model year 19 and we will continue to work on delivering strong results for the remainder of this year and beyond.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Raj. Now, we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. As a reminder, John May will be with us and available for questions. Angela?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone.
Raj Kalathur: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: John, I am wondering if you could talk about for the major equipment categories, what are the take crates that you folks saw for advanced technology, precision technology over the course of this past year and based on the results that you alluded to in your prepared remarks, what do you expect the take rates to look like as we enter 19?
John May: So, first of all, I think a way to think about the take rates, Jerry is there is three areas where you are going to see this technology within our equipment. Number one, its included in our base cost of our machine and those would be things such as touch screen displays that have significant amount of software that optimize the vehicles performance based on sensor data and feedback that the machine is getting. We also see take rates and monetization on premium options and in your report you listed a couple of those one would be Combine Advisor or active yield. These are premium options that our customers make the choice to add to their equipment. And then the third area, where we see take rates across agricultural precision ag is in subscriptions required to fine-tune the machines if you will. And an example of that would be higher fidelity guidance systems for example moving to in our RTK based systems. Overall, across the all areas of technology we have seen strong adoption. Maybe let me give you a couple of facts I think you will find interesting. If you look at AutoTrack alone and you compare AutoTrack in 2013 which was the peak year for the production of agricultural equipment. To 2018, in 2018 we sold more AutoTrack systems than we did in 2013. If you look over the last 3 years and you look at each individual region, all four regions across the globe, every year we see an increase in the overall take rate and adoption of the technologies. So that makes us really excited that number one, the customers are seeing the benefit and greater productivity, improving the cross cost structure of their business, ultimately making them more profitable and that the technology is going to continue to have significant value to their business going forward. So we are excited for what we are seeing in take rates. I can tell you in the last few years its been more significant than we have seen in the past.
Jerry Revich: I am sorry just  yes, please.
Ryan Campbell: Maybe just an expense, this is Ryan. ExactEmerge is our most productive, most advanced row units. And the take rates from an 18 to 19 perspective they are up 50%. So just to give you a kind of an order of magnitude of what we are seeing based on the technology and the high productivity that we are delivering and a lot of our crop care machines.
Jerry Revich: Okay, perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Good morning and thanks. I wanted to get an update on cost headwinds, I am trying to assess if these more or less temporary and if I take the full year guidance back into the implied Q4 gross margin, it kind of looks like you are expecting somewhere around 26% if I am doing the math right and that will be a bigger year-to-year improvement than you have really seen in each of the first three quarters and a sequential step-up, I am just wondering what are you seeing that could be driving that, is that better productivity or are you seeing kind of the cost curve is flat now?
Josh Jepsen: Andy, I think when we look at if you are looking about ag and turf for example on the materials side, we do see that impact in 4Q. 4Q from a year-over-year perspective would actually be kind of the higher impact as we think about those costs coming in. We have talked about the way our contracts are lagging, so you do see that impact in 4Q. I think importantly when you think about the full year our ag and turf margins have stayed the same in light of the fact that we have seen higher material as well as an FX headwind in the quarter.
Andy Casey: Okay. And with the pricing actions that you are doing in the ongoing productivity, would you expect the gap between price-cost to narrow as you go into fiscal 19 or maybe neutral or positive?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. As you think about our commentary from last quarter, we would remain the same. The price actions we are taking from year 19, we expect to offset that material inflation that we have seen in 18 and 19. So that remains unchanged, so we feel confident in that. Thank you.
Andy Casey: Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning, I am sorry just a little more color on the order book, in construction it seems like you have a fair level of  very good visibility relative to whats normal, so if you can give color there as well as any more color that you could give on the ag side in terms of visibility versus where we sat last year, so if you could start there. And then Raj just another question, obviously the cash flow is strong, you are buying back stock last quarter and this quarter, the stock has come down significantly, as we think to 19 given your balance sheet should we think as repurchase is another lever for you guys to grow earnings? Thank you.
Raj Kalathur: Which one do you want us to answer?
Jamie Cook: All of them.
Josh Jepsen: Jamie, I will start on the order book, so on the construction side, as Brent noted we continue to see order book extend. We are well into 2019. Thats really driven by what we are seeing from customer demand, contractors with backlog that are extending. So I will say good visibility there more than we would traditionally have as we think about 2019. I think for the most part we would be working into  through Q1 of 19. As you think about the ag side, the early order program John mentioned some, we are seeing that first phase. Even when you think about the timing of that first phase of the EOP that began in June, it ended in mid-July, so we tend to see more activity at the end of those phases even in the uncertainty that we saw that first phase ended up slightly higher. So, I think we feel good about the continued replacement demand that we are seeing drive that technology adoption, come through the business. I think as you think about tractor order book, tractors year-on-year were slightly ahead of where we were a year ago at this time on a higher production schedule. So, that would be positive as well.
Raj Kalathur: And Jamie, on the cash use, our priorities have not changed and we are generating strong cash flows and expect to generate strong cash flows throughout the cycle as we have demonstrated in the past and again mid A rating is the most important investments for growth. And as John explained to see there actually delivering very good results and we will continue to have that as our second priority. And dividends, we have always said 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings. What I will add there is we have more room for growth and opportunity growing our dividends and when we see it appropriate that might be an opportunity there. And on share repurchases, as you know, we always think about the long-term minded investors and adding value to them when we repurchased shares. We have also set  we think our intrinsic values are much higher, so given the current share prices, you should expect us to be buying back some shares.
Jamie Cook: Great. Thank you. I will get back in queue.
Raj Kalathur: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, good morning everyone. I was wondering if we could expand on whats happening over in Europe you raised your full year sales outlook, there is lot of crosscurrents with dairy pricing and wheat pricing. I guess, whats your view on how calendar  the second half of 2018 plays out? And then is there any inventory positioning that you are doing with emission standard changes, if you could talk through that as well? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Adam, when you think about Europe, I think what we have seen there is this year, we have seen dairy margins, livestock margins have held in for the long-term average, which have been supportive. I think on the arable side, we have also seen improvements in margins. This year, you are starting to see some impacts from the drought. Id say its very regional though. And where we have seen places that have not been impacted by the drought tend to be places that are stronger important markets for Deere. So I think thats been impactful for us as we think about our fiscal year. I think that is a difference when you think about fiscal versus calendar year with some of the things that have occurred with registrations in our fiscal year, but not the calendar year. We have also seen strong wheat prices that are benefited European farmers as well that are helping to offset some of the downside that you have seen in say places that are affected by the drought.
John May: As far as the inventory goes, I mean I think overall when we think about managing our inventories, particularly field inventories on a global basis, I think we feel good about where we are at in North America large ag inventories, we continue to manage well producing in line with retail demand. So, I think no major shift or difference there small ag as we have talked about, we have strategically built a little bit of inventory to ensure that we have got the inventory in the field, because of the buying patterns of those customers. And Id say really rest of world I dont think there is any significant change in terms of our view of inventory as we think about each individual to your product line or market.
Josh Jepsen: Alright, thanks. We will go to next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Just focusing on the cost a little bit more, just other than the cost of goods sold impact, wondering if we should be thinking about other cost as net headwinds or tailwinds next year. R&D, you mentioned 21%, I think 9% organically, is that going to abate and what about other SG&A costs and incentive comp?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think when you think about R&D, R&D is one that we tend to look at as more of a strategic investment in the business and somewhere where we take a lot of pride and the ability to continue to invest strategically in R&D, even throughout the downturn and today in technology. And as John mentioned we are seeing the benefit of that in the adoption of technologies. So I think thats an area that we continued to invest in and probably not significant changes. SA&G, some of the things with deal costs, some of those sorts of things will roll off as you think about Wirtgen. And I think SA&G when you take out the acquisition side, we are flat on an organic basis on sales that are up high teens. So I think thats an area where we have leveraged and as we have taken costs out we have been able to adjust there.
Steven Fisher: And incentive comp, I mean should we be thinking that as a reset as a tailwind for next year at this point?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean this year I would this year we are up slightly. Its about $75 million higher year-over-year. As our goals have shifted and change, it really depends on where we come in, so I would expect a significant amount of difference there.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: Hi, you touched on it briefly, but a question on receivables and inventories which were up I think in both divisions not a ton, but for the second quarter in a row, so is there anything I dont know operationally different than you thought to work in and maybe just generally whats caused bump up?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Rob. Yes. I think the Wirtgen is when you look at the total change is a big piece of that. I think thats just their business. They own their retail in a large part of the world and working through kind of the forecast there. So I think thats the large portion of that. I think if you look at our forecast this quarter compared to last quarter, up slightly on ag and up slightly on C&F. C&F side really in line with what we are seeing on higher sales and as I mentioned earlier the order book extending into 2019. The other piece would be as you think about on the ag side is small ag is where we are seeing some of that increase. And on inventory thats a business that is really driven more on overall GDP growth. We are continuing to see strong demand there. So I would say thats the major driver there.
Rob Wertheimer: Perfect. And the dealer inventory on the 100 plus, was up a little bit, is that kind of 105 like the fixed areas or is that anything else going on?
Josh Jepsen: I would say thats really kind of across those different categories as we talked about 100 plus is a really wide category from large utility tractors through 8000, but I think we will  as we have shifted a little bit of our seasonality this year as we talked about some of the ramp-up issues and supply constraints we have got more production in the second half of the year on large ag. So we do expect that we are  maybe a little bit atypical from normal seasonality and that we will produce and sell through that in the latter half of the year.
Rob Wertheimer: Great. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: We will move on to the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Shlisky with Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Mike Shlisky: Good morning, I wanted to maybe ask more questions on the Wirtgen here, can you give us a sense as to what the organic growth outlook is there, has it changed from earlier in the year, if you could also share I know its early about has Wirtgen gotten any share gains in the U.S. so far as we are starting  a few quarters ago?
Josh Jepsen: Mike, when we look at Wirtgen, their business is performing as we expected, if not better as we talked about, we have seen actually margins have has stepped up over the last couple of quarters. The revenue guide was really just impacted by FX. And when we look at the order backlog there, it continues to be really strong. So as we look to their continued growth, I think we have noted in our slides we think that global kind of road building, transportation sector is up about 6% year-over-year and up higher little single  low double-digits, excuse me in some of the key emerging markets. So I think thats continuing to perform as we would have hoped.
Mike Shlisky: And as far as the share gains are concerned, if you have gotten anything so far this year you think?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. We dont have a lot of additional detail or comments there I think performing as we would continue to hope and expect.
Mike Shlisky: Thanks, Josh.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Mike. We will go to the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning guys. Wanted to go back to a couple of prior questions, I think Andy and Steve just asking about costs and thinking about the margins, it looks like your implied incremental margin on ag and turf is kind of a mid 30% range for this fourth quarter, but Josh you said that this is kind of the high point for the cost headwind. So I mean does that  are you comfortable with us thinking about incrementals next year in ag and turf should be better than that sort of mid 30% range? Thanks.
Josh Jepsen: Seth, when we think about the fourth quarter, I think as we talked about there is FX headwind and you got some of the material and freight headwinds in the quarter. So that is particularly impactful in the quarter. I think as you think about going forward, obviously, we dont have a forecast for 2019 yet, but we will have the price that comes in that impacts the cost inflation that we have seen. And as we have discussed, we expect that offsets the inflation material that we have seen in 18 and 19. So that will be impactful and beneficial too to our margins. I mean, if you look at our margins today full year, up just below 25%  around say 23% if you excluded the material freight impact, you would be at that about 35%.
Ryan Campbell: And this is Ryan. Fourth quarter, just to clarify correcting for foreign exchange, we are right in that mid 20s range, which is consistent with what we have had for the full year.
Seth Weber: Okay. So, its not that kind of low to mid 30s, its because FX was kind of skewing that number, is what you are saying, Ryan?
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Some of the things that Josh talked about with respect to material obviously are hitting us. We have got the R&D step up that we have talked about. So the implied number is in the teens if you adjust for FX, you get to the mid-20s, which is consistent with what we have been saying. And then as Josh said the pricing actions that we have announced entering the marketplace should give us comfort and give everybody comfort that we feel good about going into next years from an incremental margin perspective.
Seth Weber: Okay. We will follow-up offline. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning.
Josh Jepsen: Good morning.
Ann Duignan: I wanted to ask a question about your lower warranty cost in the quarter. And I would like you to square that with your discussion of your telematics and technology at predictive maintenance enabled to help farmers reduce their warranty costs and how do you square both of those with the fact that we are now in a replacement cycle where farmers are feeling the need to replace their equipment, because they are afraid of having a high warranty cost, their equipment is coming out of warranty? Do you just like square all those pieces together first with the lower warranty, lower expense, lower accruals versus farmers replacing, because of their fear of higher warranty costs? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: I think there has been a lot of focus on warranty and making sure we are continuing to get products to customers and they are having a good experience to us and we are reducing the cost of warranty and as you noted rightly, the reducing downtime which is particularly concerning. As it relates to our offerings, I will let John talk a little bit more about it, but certainly the  what we are doing on a predictive maintenance perspective does help in reducing warranty, because you are taking care of issues before they pop up, but I will let John maybe expand a little bit on that.
John May: Yes, thanks for the question, Ann. If you take a look at the fact that we have 130,000 large ag, large production machines that are in the field today that we are connected to and they are streaming data to us as they are in the field. We have the ability based on the data we receive and a set of advanced algorithms to predict failures before they happen, communicate the potential of a failure to the customer and to the dealer. And then within minutes, the dealer could be on the phone with the customer, with the solution thats part of that expert alert. Just to put it in perspective for you, if you look last year we just launched the technology. We had machines streaming in over 11,000 alerts that they were predicting before machine had actually failed, that has a big impact on quality and a big impact on uptime for our customers.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you.
Ann Duignan: So you think that will lengthen the lifecycle of the equipment and lengthen the replacement cycle?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. And we will take that offline. Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe ODea with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Joe ODea: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to ask on the construction pricing side of things, I mean it sound like on ag in terms of the price increases we really wont see take effect until next year, which I think makes sense given a full order book for this year. Anyway, on construction I think you are implementing some price increases middle of the year in response to some of the cost inflation, but when do we start to see that flow through the P&L just given the size of the order book and strength that you have on that side as well?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Joe. This is a good question. I mean I think on the construction side we have continued to see a pretty competitive market. As you pointed out and we talked about last quarter, we were planning some price actions  price realization actions in the second half of the year. We actually put those into effect as a discount reduction that took effect July 1. And we did see the benefit of that in July. So our expectation is we continue to see that benefit in the fourth quarter. And then as we started to think about model year 19, we will continue to look at  be market based, whats going on, but also cognizant to the fact that you have got your material prices and other things moving up.
Joe ODea: Got it. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Steve Volkmann: Great. Thanks guys and good morning. I just had kind of big picture question, I guess we can all sort of try to figure out the tariffs and all that other stuff, but given that we are sort of starting our replacement cycle here, would you expect absent things like tariffs and major changes in farm income, etcetera, would  do you think ag sales would be up more next year or sort of the similar amount or maybe less, I am just trying to get a sense of what you think the replacement demand is?
Josh Jepsen: Yes, thats fair. I mean I think what we are seeing is the replacement demand is continuing. I think over this some of these months we are seeing some of the sentiment obviously be weighed upon with some of the trade concerns, but continuing to see that demand for equipment. And really I think whats important is not just a new buyer looking for updated tech, the latest technology and productivity, but is working down through that trade ladder. So whether its the second third or fourth buyer, they are upgrading technology as well. And I think thats really important in terms of what we are seeing. I think when step back and look at the fundamentals, really from where we are quarter ago, they havent necessarily changed in terms of cash receipts are relatively flat to where we were and demand for grains globally continues to grow and drive where we are at.
Raj Kalathur: Hey Steve, this is Raj. Let me add a few more comments to what Josh said. The situation right now is dynamic for the farmers and this can change. But as we see it right now the farm economic conditions between 19 you think about the crop fundamentals would actually strengthen for double crops like corn, wheat, cotton which outweigh soy situation, okay. And as result we forecast like total cash receipts a leading indicator for our large ag sales. For 2019 to be higher than for 2018, that would say absent all of these other noises that the demand will be up. Given the anticipated commodity prices and input costs, we would anticipate metric tons per acre for major crop farmers, large ag customers to be higher in 2019 than 2018. Now, for an illicit of Midwestern farm, say half corn, have beans, half land rented we see the economics is indicating metric tons per acre to be stronger, perhaps some even up to 20% above this year. Now, this would be the highest metric tons per acre that farmers would love seeing over the past 5 years or so. And on the cost side you were to say remember some of this cost is too high if conditions were more in equilibrium, okay? And if something changes, there is an opportunity for the cost to come back down and that can be beneficial, now it may go up if few things show up, but so overall the point being made is that the farm economics picture for next year may actually be stronger than realized because of improving commodity market fundamentals worldwide with little change in farm costs. Uncertainty surrounding the trailer market availability conditions may have distracted from the North American farm economics today. So thank you.
Steve Volkmann: Okay, great. Can I get just a quick follow-up, Raj, if we had something similar than lets call it.
Raj Kalathur: We will take it offline.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, we will follow-up offline, Steve. Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Yes, good morning guys. I just wanted to ask a bit, how these high take rates for some of these advanced features influence both revenue growth and drop-through margins, I mean could it actually add a couple of 100 basis points of growth into next year? And I would think the drop-through on some of these advanced features is a lot higher than it would be for the equipment itself, could you comment on that? And then just any thoughts on this $12 billion farmer subsidy, how it would work and any sense of how much of that would potentially be going towards equipment?
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Ross. I think to maybe start with the latter on the $12 billion of farm aid. I think have you been viewed positively as a short-term solution but doesnt really address the bigger issue, which is getting a long-term resolution to some of the trade concerns. I think there is still a fair bit of uncertainty in terms of how that program will work in the three different components. You have got the market facilitation thats the big piece, expect it to try to cover some of the impact of trade, particularly on soybeans, which is I think assumed to be the vast majority of those dollars and then the food purchase as well as trade promotion. So I think there is still a lot of questions, my understanding is I think later into August and early September, there will be much more clarity around how those programs come together and how those payments will transact, but Id say right now, I dont know that those are necessarily being factored in due to the calculus for farmers today. As you think about your question on kind of the technology take rates and what does that mean to margins, I think as we talked about, we are very, very encouraged by what we are seeing in terms of take rate growth as we talked about 50% higher on ExactEmerge, ExactApply 10% higher, some of those Combine Advisor active yields were nearly double our expectations this past year. So that adoption combined with the growth in engaged acres and some of these other pieces I think are promising. As we think about margins, we have not dialed in exactly what this means from a margin perspective or carve that out, but we do feel like it will contribute is and will contribute to margin growth in the future. Today, obviously, there is lot of investment going along with lot of these features, but we think there is economic value to be unlocked with our customers and that we will be able to share in that.
John May: Yes, I think this is John May. The only thing I would add is I think if you look at from a customers perspective and you look at the fact that when they acquire these technologies, the payback from their perspective is less than a year and there has been some recent reports out there that would show that in some cases the payback is within months, which generates strong productivity, strong profitability for our customers, which has a big benefit to our customers.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think its I mean a way to think about it. These are offerings that are margin improving for us and significantly margin improving for our customers.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks very much.
Josh Jepsen: Alright. Well, we are at the top of the hour. So, we appreciate everyones participation and we will be available and do callbacks. So we will talk to everyone soon. Thank you very much. Have a good weekend.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-05-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Josh Jepsen - Director, IR Raj Kalathur - CFO Max Guinn - President, Construction and Forestry Ryan Campbell - VP and Comptroller Brent Norwood - Manager, Investor Communications
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Mig Dobre - Baird Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Joe ODea - Vertical Research Rob Wertheimer - Melius Research Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ann Duignan - JPMC Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Shlisky - Seaport Global Steven Fisher - UBS Joel Tiss - BMO Emily McLaughlin - RBC Courtney Yakavonis - Morgan Stanley Stanley Elliott - Stifel Larry De Maria - William Blair David Raso - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to John Deere & Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Angela. Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; Max Guinn, President of the Construction and Forestry Division; Ryan Campbell, Vice President and Comptroller; and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, well take a closer look at Deeres second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets, and our current outlook for fiscal 2018. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events.
Brent Norwood: Today, John Deere reported higher earnings for the second quarter. It was another strong performance, helped by a broad-based improvement in market conditions and a favorable customer response to our innovative products. Farm machinery sales are making solid gains in markets throughout the world while construction equipment sales continue to move sharply higher. Now, lets take a closer look at our second quarter results in detail, beginning on slide three. Net sales and revenues were up 29% to $10.72 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $1.208 billion or $3.67 per share. The results for the quarter included a favorable net adjustment to provisional income taxes of $174 million. Excluding this item, adjusted net income was $1.034 billion. On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 34% to $9.747 billion. Currency translation was positive by 3 points; the impact of acquisitions was 12 points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, starting with agriculture and turf on slide five. Net sales were up 22% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, primarily driven by higher shipment volumes and the favorable effect of currency translation. Operating profit was $1.056 billion, up 27% from the same quarter last year, excluding the impact from the sale of SiteOne. Operating margins for the quarter were 15%. Results benefited from higher shipment volumes, partially offset by higher R&D as well as increases in production costs, comprised largely of higher freight and material costs. Its also important to note that over the quarter, Deere has made progress addressing supplier and logistics challenges ensuring that our products reach customers in a timely manner. Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at fundamentals affecting the ag business. On slide six, corn and soybean stocks-to-use ratios are expected to decline in response to increasing global demand and drought conditions in Argentina, which have lowered the countrys corn and soybean production by roughly 25% and 33%, respectively. While wheat stocks-to-use ratio remains close to its highest level in almost two decades, stocks are projected to decline modestly in 2018. Slide seven outlines U.S. farm cash receipts. 2018 farm cash receipts are estimated to be $375 billion, roughly flat with 2017. Crop cash receipts are projected to be on-par with last year as increased commodity prices are partially offset by lower forecast production. Receipts from livestock are also flat due to strong domestic and export demand offset to an extent by growing supply and lower prices. While global trade concerns weigh on farmers, overall sentiment is holding as commodity prices move upward and equipment demand shows broad-based improvement. Our ag economic outlook for the EU 28 is on slide eight. Despite a late start to the season, crops are in fair condition and the crop value of production is expected to increase in 2018. Overall, arable farm margins remain slightly below long-term averages, although conditions differ by region in some areas such as Northwest Europe are showing signs of improvement in 2018. Margins for the dairy segment remain above long-term averages though rising production may pressure prices later in the year. Shifting to Brazil on slide nine. The chart on the left displays the crop value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agro business in Brazil. The value of ag production is now expected to be about the same as last year with a record soybean harvest being partially offset by soft sugar prices. On the right side of the slide, you will see eligible rates for ag-related government sponsored finance programs. Rates for Moderfrota through June are shown below and are less favorable than the prevailing policy interest rate for the region. However, customers are anticipating lower rates in July and therefore shifting purchases into the second half of the year. This shift in sales is evident in a strong order book, which is up from last year. While the 2017 2018 season began with soft industry fundamentals, farmer confidence has increased dramatically for the second half of the season as corn and soybean margins have benefited from rising commodity prices, record production, and favorable FX movements. Our 2018 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 10. Industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are forecast to be up approximately 10% for the year. Replacement demand continued to drive sales as customer sight the need for increased productivity, updated technology and equipment within its warranty period. Replacement demand is reflected in the results of our 2018 Combine Early Order program, which increased by double digits from previous year. Similarly, our large tractor order book now extends into October. The EU 28 industry outlook is forecast to be up about 5% in 2018, unchanged from previous guidance. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be flat to up 5% for the year. This is primarily driven by strong industry fundamentals in Brazil, which is offsetting weakness in Argentina caused by drought conditions experienced in the first half of the year. The region as a whole continues to deliver excellent operating results as Deere extends its market-leading position and achieves strong financial performance. Shifting to Asia, industry sales are expected to be relatively unchanged from 2017, though strong demand for tractors in India is driving improved results for the region. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2018. Putting this all together on slide 11. Fiscal year 2018, Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment are now forecast to be up about 14%, including about one point of positive currency translation. The ag and turf divisions operating margin is forecast to be about 12.5% for the year, up roughly 2 points from 2017, after excluding the gains on the sale of SiteOne. Importantly, the impact of higher freight and material costs is being addressed through continued structural cost reductions and future pricing actions. Now, lets focus on construction and forestry on slide 12. Net sales for the quarter were up 84% compared with last year, driven by strong demand for construction and forestry equipment, as well as by the acquisition of Wirtgen, which closed on December 1 of 2017. Second quarter operating profit was $259 million, benefiting from higher shipment volumes, as well as the inclusion of Wirtgen. However, Wirtgens overall profit contribution has been limited due to the unfavorable effects of first-year purchase accounting associated with the transaction. C&F operating margins were 9.6% for the quarter, but 12% excluding Wirtgen. At this point, I would like to welcome Max Guinn, President of Deeres Construction and Forestry business to the call. He will provide comments on the conditions in C&F and an update on the Wirtgen acquisition. Max?
Max Guinn: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everybody. Were on slide 13. Let me start off by saying the economic environment for the construction, forestry and road-building industries looks good. It continues to support increased demand for new and used equipment. For the year, U.S. GDP is forecast to grow at 2.7%, thats above the 20-year average. Meanwhile, housing demand remains solidly with housing starts expected to be 1.3 million units for 2018; thats a result of inventories of new and existing homes that are available-for-sale being at 36-year lows that provides a foundation for continued growth in new home construction. In 2018, construction investment is forecast to grow 2.9% led by increased activity in oil and gas, and by residential construction. Oil prices, we had forecast to be $63 a barrel for the year; thats a price thats comfortably above breakeven economics for U.S. shale oil producers and it supports continued drilling and production growth. Obviously, prices have progressed further and faster than we expected. So, were likely going to update that forecast. Thats good news though. In addition, machinery rental utilization rates continue improving and rental pricing is gaining positive traction. These positive economic factors are also reflected in a strong order book and resulting in significant orders that are already being placed for 2019. Lets move to slide 14 and an update on the newly acquired Wirtgen Group. Wirtgen is the global leader in road construction equipment. The acquisition greatly enhances Deeres exposure to global transportation infrastructure; thats a segment we view as faster growing and less cyclical than the broader construction market. Global transportation investment this year is forecast to grow 6%, driving increased demand for road construction equipment such as milling machines, rollers and asphalt pavers. Those are all products in which Wirtgen maintains a market-leading position, globally. Importantly, transportation spending is solid in core regions such as the U.S. and Europe, and continues to see double-digit growth in China and India. Both of those are key growth markets for Wirtgen due to a market-leading position. Turning to company performance. Wirtgen continues to meet our high expectations through its relentless focus on market share and operating excellence. The current order book is very strong, operating margins are expected to exceed 16% when excluding the impact of purchase accounting. Integration is well underway with the joint Deere-Wirtgen team working towards the synergy target of 100 million by 2022. Im pleased to say that we see a clear path to achieving that level of savings and that timing. And obviously, well continue to seek out other value-enhancing opportunities as integration activities continue. As we learn more about Wirtgens business, were increasingly finding opportunities to leverage the two distribution channels. Just two examples. In the U.S., Deeres channel was able to fill a coverage gap for Wirtgen in West Virginia while the opposite was true in the Mexico City territory. We anticipate further opportunities to leverage the two channels as integration progresses. For fiscal year 2018, Wirtgen is forecast to produce $3.2 billion in revenue. Remember, that represents 10 months of ownership. Additionally, we now project that Wirtgen will contribute $100 million in operating profit for the year, even with the unfavorable impact of acquisition costs and purchase accounting. Importantly, Wirtgen is generating strong positive cash flow in the current fiscal year. Beyond 2018, Wirtgen operating margins are estimated to be in the 13% to 14% range and that includes purchase accounting adjustments. So, finally, I want to shed a little light on what things look like for the overall C&F business for the rest of the year we're moving to slide 15. Deeres construction and forestry sales are now forecast to be up about 83% in 2018 as a result of stronger demand for equipment as well as the acquisition of Wirtgen. As we said earlier, the revenue forecast includes about $3.2 billion of sales attributed to the acquisition. The forecast for global forestry markets is up 10%, as a result of improvement in sales in the U.S. and Canada, and strong demand for cut-to-length products in Europe and Russia. C&Fs full year operating margin is now projected to be about 8.5%. That includes the negative impact of purchase accounting and acquisition cost from Wirtgen. Excluding Wirtgen, C&F projects operating margins to be about 11%. That operating profit guidance is partially driven by pricing actions that were taking now and will take effect in the second half of the year. We expect to offset material cost inflation and allow for continued margin growth in future quarters. Ill turn it back over to Brent.
Brent Norwood: Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 16, shows the provision for credit losses as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. At the end of April, the annualized provision for credit losses was 9 basis points, reflecting the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecast for 2018, shown on the slide, contemplates a loss provision of about 21 basis points, 1 basis point lower than our previous forecast. This will put loss provisions for the year just below the 10-year average of 25 basis points and the 15-year average of 27 points. Moving to slide 17. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was a $104 million in the second quarter, roughly flat with last year. The results for the quarter included $33 million of net tax reformulated charges, arising from the re-measurement of deferred tax assets and deemed earnings repatriation. For the full year and 2018, net income is forecast to be about $800 million. Excluding the impact for the previously mentioned tax reform-related items, adjusted net income is forecast to be $571 million. Beyond 2018, effective tax rates for John Deere Financial are forecast to be between 24% and 26%. Slide 18 outlines receivables and inventories. For the Company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter up $4.8 billion. About $200 million of the change relates to currency translation. In the C&F division, the increase is largely attributable to Wirtgen, while for ag, the increase is due to higher sales. By the end of fiscal year 2018, receivables and inventories are expected to increase about $2 billion from 2017 levels, driven largely by the inclusion of Wirtgen, as well as the higher sales across the Company. Slide 19 shows cost of sales as a percentage of net sales. Cost of sales for the second quarter was 75.2%. Our 2018 cost of sales guidance is about 76% of net sales, up 1% from previous guidance. When modeling 2018, keep these unfavorable impacts in mind, higher production costs such as freight and material costs, and higher incentive compensation costs. On the favorable side, we expect price realization of about 1 point and a more positive product mix. Now, lets look at some additional details. With respect to R&D expense on slide 20, R&D was up 28% in the second quarter. Currency translation had an unfavorable impact of 2 points, while another 10 points is related to the acquisitions of Wirtgen and Blue River Technology. Our 2018 forecast calls for R&D to be up about 20%, with acquisition-related activity accounting for 9 points of the increase and currency translation for 1 point. The balance of the R&D increase relates to strategic investments in large ag and precision ag that help drive growth for these key areas. Moving now to slide 21. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up 24% in the second quarter with acquisition-related activities, incentive compensation, and currency translation accounting for most of the change. Our 2018 forecast for SA&G expense is up about 18%. Excluding acquisition-related expenses, SA&G is forecast to be up about 2% in 2018. Turning to slide 22. The equipment operations tax rate was 8% in the second quarter, primarily due to the favorable adjustment of $207 million, arising from tax reform related net deferred tax asset re-measurement and deemed earnings repatriation. For the remainder of the year, the effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 25% to 27%, which implies a full-year effective tax rate of about 56%. Beyond fiscal year 2018, Deeres effective tax rate is projected to be between 25% and 27%. Slide 23 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $3.8 billion in 2018 compared to previous guidance of $4.4 billion. The decrease in forecast relates to an anticipated payment of $1 billion towards pension and OPEB liability, net of taxes. The Companys financial outlook is on slide 24. Third quarter equipment sales are forecast to be up approximately 35% compared with the same quarter last year. Our full-year outlook now calls for net sales to be up about 30%, which includes about 1 point of price realization and 1 point for positive currency translation. Finally, our full-year 2018 GAAP net income forecast is now about $2.3 billion. The full-year net income forecast includes charges of $803 million, resulting from tax reform-related net deferred tax asset re-measurement and deemed earnings repatriation. Excluding the impact of these items, adjusted net income is forecast to be about $3.1 billion. It is important to note, the previous adjusted net income guidance of $2.85 billion excluded the benefit of the lower tax rate in order to compare to our opening budget guidance given in November of 2017. This quarters guidance only excludes the re-measurement of deferred tax assets and deemed earnings repatriation but includes the benefit of the ongoing lower tax rate. Ill now turn the call over to Raj Kalathur for closing comments. Raj?
Raj Kalathur: Before we respond to your questions, let me share a few thoughts on the second quarter and our expectations for the rest of the year. First, important to note, we are seeing strong demand across geographical regions from both ag and turf, and C&F divisions. Replacement demand continues to drive equipment sales in large ag as customers express their need for increased precision and productivity enabled by our latest technologies. For C&F, as you heard from Max, strong economic indicators such as GDP growth, housing starts and rising oil prices are generating robust equipment demand, which is reflected in a healthy order book for the remainder of 2018, stretching into 2019. Second, although the economic environment is largely positive for demand, there are some supply side headwinds to overcome. Material and freight costs have exceeded our forecast for the year due largely to inflation in U.S. steel prices and a tight market for logistics providers. As Max indicated, we are executing pricing actions for the C&F business that will take effect over the remainder of the year. Importantly, these actions should cover material inflation projected for the C&F division. For ag and turf, we generally utilize early order programs for seasonal equipment and an advanced order book for our large tractor products. Orders are typically backed by retail customers. As a result, we typically implement price increases on an annual basis and have a strong history of price utilization over an extended period. As we set prices for the next model year, we will take into consideration not only the additional value that we bring to our customers but also overall market conditions, including inflationary pressures. At this time, we are confident that our actions, both in making structural cost reductions and in model year 19 prices will more than offset inflation in 2019. Lastly, strong levels of demand we are experiencing across our two equipment divisions will result in excellent cash flow generation for the year. Note that we have resumed share repurchases in the second quarter. We also anticipate funding our pension and OPEB liabilities up to $1 billion over the course of the third quarter, in order to take advantage of the previous tax rate of 35%. Additionally, its our desire to maintain a dividend payout ratio, it targets 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings and can be sustained through the cycle. Based on our performance in the previous cycle and the inclusion of Wirtgen, further dividend increases will be under consideration during the remainder of this year. Overall, we are encouraged by the outlook for improving demand in 2018 and will continue to work and delivering strong results for the remainder of the year. Josh?
Josh Jepsen: Now, were ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. As a reminder, Max Guinn, President of C&F is here with us available for questions as well. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: Good morning. I guess, two questions. One, Raj, I was hoping that you could elaborate a little more on the supply chain issues in the quarter in terms of, were they the same issues versus last quarter and whats embedded in the guide for remaining back half for the year? And then, my second question is sort of longer term thinking about margins in the ag business. I mean, it sounds like based on what youre saying, given youre going after pricing action, inflation and assuming the markets hold up, should we still -- as we look pass the next two quarters, should we still be able to generate above average incrementals for the ag business, given were still well below normalized levels? Thanks.
Raj Kalathur: Hey, Jamie, I think, we will take second one first. We do anticipate strong margins going into the future in ag. None of that has changed. So, the constraints we're facing are more short-term. As we described, its purely steel inflation and also logistics inflation. With respect to your question on supply issues, its actually improved very nicely. Availability issues are less of a concern now than it was just a couple of months back.
Josh Jepsen: The only thing I would add there is we saw most significant issues we experienced really in the February time frame and weve seen improvements since there as we continue to execute and get product out to dealers and customers.
Jamie Cook: But my question is do the supply chain issues constrain your top line at all I guess for the back half of 2019? Thats what Im trying to figure out.
Josh Jepsen: No. I think, when you look at that we actually, you think about both of our divisions, you saw volume actually improve slightly from the previous guidance.
Operator: Our next comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Hi, good morning everyone, Im wondering if you could talk about how much of the annual raw material cost inflation that we see play out in the second quarter because of the standard cost accounting, can you just give us a rough sense of what proportion of the full-year inflation we recognized in Q2 versus whats expected in the back half? And can you just flush out the drivers of the better incremental margins in back half? Im assuming the standard cost accounting is a big driver but maybe you can expand on that a bit more for the ag and turf business.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jerry. I think, when you think about ag and turf, in the second quarter, it was more of an impact of freight. So, as we were trying to make sure we were getting products out to our dealers and customers, we had higher levels of premium freight, expedited freight as were working through some of those supply issues. And when you pivot to the back half of the year, you definitely start to see the material come through more so. So, its a combination. Id say second quarter was more freight; the back half of the year, you see more on the material side. As you think about the margins for that business, the second half of the year for ag and turf does have more large ag than we typically would have in a usual year or a typical year. As a result of that, you see better margins and you also see improved pricing as a result of more large ag in the second half. So, that is favorable.
Jerry Revich: And Josh, sorry, just a clarification on the premium rate in 2Q, why are we assuming there is no premium freight in the back half? Have you already seen premium freight down significantly since quarter-end. Can you just flush that out please?
Josh Jepsen: We do expect to see allocated freight, and its really as a result of demand and rates moving up. So, we have that in there as well. I said in the back half, you got more weighted to material than freight though. Thanks. Well move on to the next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Yes, good morning. I wanted to talk a little bit about Wirtgen if we can, a couple of things. Im trying to understanding within SG&A, exactly, what is this reduction in cost from acquisition-related activities? And, how does this relate to your increased profitability guidance for Wirtgen?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, when you think about SA&G, really, as were incorporating it into our business, you have a little bit of movement amongst those where those costs are classified. So, largely thats really adjusting and making changes to their forecast as we incorporate them into our process. As you think about the improvement from zero operating profit to about a 100, its about two-thirds really the purchase accounting changes and adjustment and about a third related to operational performance. So, there is some improvement in the underlying business, but the majority is adjustment to purchase accounting.
Operator: Next question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman: Hi. Good morning. I was wondering if we could circle back to the pricing commentary for ag and turf. It sounds like large tractors are -- lead time is already out to October. So, youd to be putting in some price increases here pretty soon. Could you maybe talk through the magnitude of the increases that youre considering at this point. And maybe just flush out like how much incremental productivity, material cost savings that you think that you would also have to offset, higher steel costs next year?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, on the pricing side, as we think about model year 2019, we do have -- well start early order programs here in a few weeks for seasonal products. So, planters, sprayers, those types of things will come out. As we think about pricing, its pretty early to talk about in general. In total, we think thats going to be varied product to product. Given where were at in the year, we do, as Raj mentioned, expect the pricing that we are going to take for 2019 to be more than offsetting the inflationary pressures were seeing in 2018 and 2019.
Adam Uhlman: Do you think you need more than the 2% that youre guiding to for the second half of 2018?
Josh Jepsen: I think its fair to assume that. What weve done the last few years, were going to be higher than that, as a result of that.
Operator: Next question comes from Joe ODea with Vertical Research.
Joe ODea: Hi. Good morning. Raj, you commented on dividend under consideration and increases there. With respect to just how the strong cash balance is now and the strength, what do you need to gain a little bit more comfort on stepping up on the repurchase front?
Raj Kalathur: So, our cash use priorities have not changed, theyre the same. One of the things we said earlier is we are taking advantage of 35% tax rate, which will not last after fiscal 2017 tax filing. So, thats the pension and OPEB. And otherwise, its a mid-single A [ph] growth investments, with organic and inorganic dividends and finally share repurchases. Thats the priority order that we have articulated and we work towards. On the dividends, like you said, we are looking at 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings. We have seen -- given this strong performance weve seen in the recent downturn and considering the growth we anticipate in the future, thats under consideration, increasing dividends is under consideration. Share repurchases, which is your question, is residual use of cash. And youll notice that we did start buying back shares. And generally, we think about longer term minded investors and the value it brings to long-term minded investors. So, you will see us buy back more shares when there is a larger gap between the intrinsic value of a short-term minded investor versus a longer term minded investor. So, we have, of course as you mentioned, ample firepower in terms of the cash generation that were going to have this year and going forward do all of our cash justice.
Operator: Next question comes from Rob Wertheimer with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Rob Wertheimer: Just a quick question on Wirtgen. It seems you took up sales outlook for construction, not for Wirtgen. Is there any reason that those products shouldnt follow the heavy construction industry? Is there any destock youre doing or anything else youre doing in that and what explains it otherwise?
Max Guinn: There is nothing to be read into that. I dont believe. We think the initial forecast we provided is solid. It does reflect considerable growth in Wirtgens business and theyre executing quite well.
Josh Jepsen: The only thing I would add there, Rob too is when we look at the backlog, backlog is up double digits strong. And again, thats off of what was a very strong 2017 as well.
Operator: Next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross Gilardi: I first wanted to ask about the pension contribution of $1.1 billion. I mean, given that you did that partly to take advantage of the higher tax rate, should we assume $1 billion bump to cash flow from ops next year? So, I would imagine the contribution wouldnt be as large. And then, can you just talk a little bit about the persistent weakness weve seen in the AEM data for tractors of 100 horsepower and above. I know you guys classify high horsepower tractors as 200 and above. So, Im wondering that weakness we keep seeing in the data is really more in the midsize segment, which is less of a driver for you. Thanks.
Raj Kalathur: Yes. I will take the first one. In terms of the $1 billion in pension OPEB, yes, its clearly opportunistic and taking advantage of that 35% tax rate. We have said our pension plans are well-funded. We do not have any mandatory contribution requirements. And this is -- you can think of this is pulling forward some of our pension contributions into this year and take advantage of 35%. So, from that perspective, you should not see this continue into next year and so on, unless we see another opportunity to take advantage of giving you some high returns. Otherwise, its going to be working capital requirements and sales growth. Those are the types of things that will impact the cash flow, as you know.
Ryan Campbell: This is Ryan. Maybe just to add to that on the $1 billion, the impact to operating cash flow this years net of tax, and so thats $650 million. So, its a $1 billion minus 35% rate that will get the deduction on that.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Related to AEM, I think, youre right. 100 plus is a very large category. So, you are talking utility tractors, midsize tractors and then large row-crop tractors. So, mix there is wide when you think about what portion is high horsepower. Id say, month-to-month this can be lumpy. Weve certainly seen weather and timing be adjusted. As we look at this, particularly the rest of the year, we are confident in our ability to execute and believe we are going to see retails -- as we look at our retail order book is very full, really strong position. As Brent mentioned earlier, our large tractor retail order books are out into the October timeframe. So, we feel really good about the order book and the expectation that we are going to see retail maybe slightly shifted in terms of seasonality versus normal but that will continue to come through.
Operator: Next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMC. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Can you guys talk a little bit about how you balance new equipment sales versus the risk of getting back into a used equipment slot? And in particular, can you address it in light of the fact that you are pressing your dealers to take back more of the off leased equipment under their balance sheet? How do you balance, it's great to have new equipment sales, great to have replacement demand, but how do we evolve getting back into the used equipment slot again?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Ann, I think, when we think about used, there weve been focused on this for a number of years, if you think about throughout the downturn. We are down; used equipment is down about 36% from the peak. Thats pretty much where we were a quarter ago. So, we have made great, great strides. And you look across the product categories, we feel like we are in good shape. And we're at [ph] used equipment levels, we havent seen since 2012 or before. So, there is a lot of great work done by our dealers and our sales teams to manage that inventory. Row-crop tractors, wed say, we still got a little bit of work to do, but in better shape than weve been in the past. I think, as we balance that, its continuing to make sure we are managing that used inventory levels that we are not seeing that grow and rise. And as you think about lease returns, lease returns and when you think about the whole universe of used inventory, only equate to about 5% of the total. So, its not a huge amount. We are certainly focused on it and want to work it. And we are working with our dealers to make sure theyre engaged in managing those returns. So, that focus hasnt changed, working proactively with our dealers and customers as we know leases are maturing to work through those. But, I think we feel good about where were at. And definitely, as use inventories come down, we are seeing use prices strengthen, stabilize and start to strengthen, which helps there as well.
Operator: Next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Andy Casey: Couple of questions on Wirtgen. You now expect about $100 million operating profit for the year, pretty much unchanged revenue and the second half implied is about 6% margin. First, what drove the increased operating profit outlook from prior expectations for I think about neutral contribution? And second, can you help us understand how to bridge the 6% second half implied margin outlook for the longer term 13 to 14. And I guess, the core of that question is, should we expect the purchase accounting adjustments outside of the ongoing amortization to be complete by the end of this fiscal year?
Josh Jepsen: So, on the operating margin from zero to about a 100, two thirds of thats really purchase accounting adjustments, as we continue to work through that on the integration side. The other third is really operational improvement. As you think about the full-year, so now were talking about 3% to 4% operating margin for the full-year. You would expect to see improvements from what weve done now, kind of building in terms of operating profit throughout the rest of the year to go from where we started, obviously negative in the first quarter to be at about 100 at the end of the year.
Ryan Campbell: This is Ryan, your question is on ongoing the biggest component of purchase accounting this year as the inventories step up, and that will come through the P&L over the -- come through the P&L to date and it will come through over the balance of this year. Next year, it should be clean with that. And youre just looking at the amortization of the intangibles. That bridges you from the plus or minus 4% or 5% margin this year, up to that 13% to 14% range.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Shlisky with Seaport Global.
Mike Shlisky: Good morning, guys. I wanted to ask about the turf business if I could. Im seeing some of the companies on the wholesale, even some of the retail outlets have kind of slow start to the spring season due to the weather in March and April. Do you have any comments on what you experienced in Q2 here in turf business? And I think, has that kind of reversed here very recently? I also want to ask, last quarter, last couple of quarters, you actually did mention that Deere expects to gain share in turf. But this quarter that language was not in your comments. So, Im wondering if you could tell us what has changed there. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: I think, when you think about turf, the weather, the late spring that we had has impacted that in the quarter. I think, weve seen a turn in the weather. So, there is still I think belief that you can catch that up, given the turn in the weather and improvements we are seeing. So, I think there is still confidence that that can be achieved. I think, the commentary in terms of Deere outperforming, no, no change in terms of our expectations on that. So, I wouldnt read into that.
Operator: Next question comes from Steven Fisher with UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher: In terms of the ag revenue guidance, the implied revenue growth is about 9% in the second half of the year with a little bit of help from currency. So, how did you approach that guidance since the 9% will be a slowdown from a first half? Is that conservative or are there some weaker pieces you have to assume in there? Because it sounds like your overall commentary on ag is actually fairly positive.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Steve, I think, as we look at the year, I mean, we took up the full year. When you look at kind of organic for the division, weve been up 12% for the year a quarter ago and now up 13%. So, our -- I wouldnt say, there is an embedded conservatism or weakness there. I mean demand is very strong and were seeing that in our order book. So, I think as we look at the full year, we feel good about the demand, customer demand, whether its in North America, South America or Europe; were seeing that demand and feel good about the year.
Steven Fisher: And so, is the slowdown, is that just comps or
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think, its really just seasonal.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Ill follow up. Thanks a lot.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. Next question?
Operator: Next question comes from Joel Tiss with BMO. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss: Hi. How is it going?
Josh Jepsen: Hey, Joel.
Joel Tiss: I wonder if you can talk a little bit about the warranty issue in the C&F business. You just mentioned it and I just wanted to see what it was all about.
Max Guinn: I dont think we did mention anything on warranty, Joel?
Josh Jepsen: What were you referring to, Joel?
Joel Tiss: Just in the slides that was the warranties were a little bit of negative factor in the profitability. All right. I can follow-up later.
Max Guinn: Yes. Lets follow-up offline. Im not sure that were tracking.
Joel Tiss: And then, on your slide on the global stocks to use, the corn stocks, the use is dropping quite a bit as we go out towards the end of the year. And I just wondered whats underneath that. Are you taking out some of the Chinese corn thats been decaying?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, just quick, that warranty is actually favorable. So, quarter-over-quarter, Q2 2018 versus Q2 2017 for C&F, warranty is a favorable item, not negative. Stocks use, that is really a story of whats going on with the demand and slightly lower production for the year. So, there is no exclusion there in terms of stocks, just the tightness were seeing there as demand is strong and youre projecting a little bit of lower production for the year.
Joel Tiss: All right. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. Next question?
Operator: Next question comes from Emily McLaughlin with RBC. Your line is open.
Emily McLaughlin: Hey, guys. Just a couple of questions. So, your March and April retail sales versus the industry for the U.S. and Canada were a little bit soft. Just wondering do you have any color on that? And then secondly, we are little surprised you didnt raise your South America forecast, just given the strong order books you mentioned and now maybe a little more favorable in the back half.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, on the retail sales, as we mentioned, the month-to-month, there could be movement there. Our view is weve -- we feel very confident in our order book and the position of those retail orders. So, feel good about the full year and then what wed expect to see second half of the year in terms of retail. As you think about South America, basically, we had a little bit of a shift. A quarter ago, we said strength in Argentina and flat to up a little bit in Brazil. Were seeing that shift now with the drought in Argentina, so a little bit of weakness there, but improved sentiment in Brazil. So, I mean, those were kind of the puts and takes. But to your point, we do feel good about the Brazil demand, the farmer economics are strong from a margin perspective, confidence; FX has the reals weakened, which helps the margin side of the business for those farmers. And then, as it relates to FINANE, we still havent had the announcement of what we expect for that program for the second half of this year and the first half of next year, so, the program that will take effect in 1 July. Expectations are that you will see more attractive rates. And as a result, you are seeing customers wanting their deliveries in July and August, but that remains to be seen.
Operator: Next question comes from Courtney Yakavonis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Courtney Yakavonis: Just another quick question on Wirtgen. I think, you had guided to this quarter adding about 16% to equipment ops and it came in only at 12, and I know youve kept the guidance for the year. So, I just want to understand, is that related to the supply chain issues? Was there some other timing discrepancy and how we should think about modeling seasonality wise in next year into 2019?
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, full-year, maintaining -- I think what we have here is a little bit of timing. And keep in mind there that they own a lot of their distribution. We are trying to forecast, not just sales to dealers but also from a retail perspective. So, I think as we work through that seasonality, its taking a little bit of time but no concern on the full year.
Max Guinn: It just reflects the maturing process. Wirtgens processes for forecasting were quite a bit of different than ours. There are a lot of entities involved. And they had not traditionally done a monthly forecast. So, its a transition issue. Its not an issue at all for the full year.
Courtney Yakavonis: So, is it safe to say that the majority of that was related to their distribution in Europe as well as to the U.S.?
Max Guinn: Its just kind of the forecasting process.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. No specific geography.
Max Guinn: No geography.
Operator: Next question comes from Stanley Elliott with Stifel. Your line is open.
Stanley Elliott: You all mentioned the C&F order book sitting out to 2019. Could you give more commentary, is that kind of normal expectations? Is that a shift with more production class equipment that you have been focusing on or Wirtgen, or whats really driving that order book out there?
Max Guinn: Its definitely a shift towards the upper end. And Id say that both dealers and customers are hungry for equipment. We see some of our largest customers accelerating their purchasing plans for 2019 to make sure that they are prepared to be able to execute work that they have on their books. So, demand is really, really strong and its very strong on the big end, if that answers your question.
Stanley Elliott: It does. Thank you. And you mentioned a couple of things on the distribution side in West Virginia and Mexico, is there anything you could share in terms of how the synergies are coming together, either in Europe, Asia, anything along those lines between the Wirtgen and Deere businesses?
Max Guinn: Yes, its going to take some time, but I can tell you that we are answering questions on a daily basis from geographies -- from Wirtgen customers and geographies where we are not present in C&F about when we are going to be there. And we are excited about those opportunities but we are also realistic. Its not just a matter of taking orders and shipping equipment, but its making sure that we have the support mechanisms in place and can really take care of those customers the way we know they expect to be taken care of. So, there is lots of opportunity in front of us. Its going to take a little bit of time.
Operator: Next question?
Operator: Next question comes from Jerry Revich with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Yes. Thank you for taking the follow-up. Raj, Im wondering if you could talk about the cadence of ag and turf pricing youre expecting over next couple of years, based on the product pipeline, also in past five years, I think you realized on average, 2.5% annual price increase due to features upgrades. And Im wondering if we should be thinking about the next couple of years based on the product line up, any differently at all. Obviously, this year was different from that front line. So, any comments would be helpful.
Raj Kalathur: Jerry, in terms of the pricing, of course, you will appreciate, well not be able to tell you exactly, how much or exactly when. But, I think the points as we provided are as we come with a model year 19, we mentioned that around 1 June, we will be taking some of the orders for model year 19 and then almost 1 August, we start producing for model year 19. Those are the times you will be thinking about price increases, not only for, like you said, some of the value addition that well bring in these products but also looking at the inflationary aspects. So, we do have a healthy model year 19 from that regard; its going to like the 18, 19 is going to be there. If you see our R&D investments and innovation were adding, you should expect that you can get better. So, our opportunity to get pricing is still going to be pretty positive, and the importance we place in development and research and especially on innovative ideas coming out in the precision ag sector.
Josh Jepsen: I think Id add there. Its important, as you think about precision ag, investments that weve made, we didnt pull R&D down significantly during the downturn. So, those are the products that will be coming. And when you think about investments were making now, and things like incorporating Blue River and those technologies, machine learning, automation into our product portfolio, that will be coming out in, in the future as well.
Operator: Next question comes from Larry De Maria with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Larry De Maria: Your principal competitor noted they might be a bit more aggressive on price, given where their margins are. Just curious what you are seeing and if youre willing to give up some share on price and how [ph] is this playing out into 2019 where you start to take some motors? And then, secondly, bigger picture, Europe, just curious where you think were in the cycle? Were seeing some mixed sentiment indicators over there. And curious if you think this is a peak level or for just kind of back to normal Europe, which kind of bounces around at certain levels? Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Maybe starting on Europe, as we look at historically where weve been, we say were still below replacement demand levels. So, its a market that had -- doesnt see as wide a fluctuation. So, we didnt -- havent seen high highs or low lows. But we would say when we look at the industry particularly for combines but also for tractors, were still below where we consider kind of normal replacement demand.
Raj Kalathur: And on the pricing in general, we think more longer-term the expected pricing, thats why we think about the value add and ability there, gain more pricing or earn more pricing from our customers. We dont think about pricing in a short-term mentality. This also gives us loyalty with customers longer term. So, its philosophically how we think about pricing.
Larry De Maria: So, the order book is stretching to next year, has new pricing -- or prices increased, and I just want to be clear on that.
Max Guinn: I think your question was about C&F pricing. Is that right?
Larry De Maria: Yes, thats correct.
Max Guinn: Okay. We didnt hear that at the beginning. I guess, Id start off by saying, this will be the first year in several years when we have not generated a net cost reduction internally based on some really strong focus on cost reduction. So, were going to take the pricing actions we feel are appropriate in the second half to be able to keep our margins improving, as I said earlier. I dont think -- we dont have any reason to give up share due to price, I dont believe. I think, we can earn a good share and manage our pricing well.
Larry De Maria: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Josh Jepsen: The thing to point out there too on the C&F side when you look at that business, ex-Wirtgen, were running about 30% incremental margin for the year. So, feel good about that.
Operator: Next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Hi. Good morning. Hey, Max, for your C&F growth, pull out Wirtgen, do you expect after the second quarter where ex-Wirtgen sales were up low 20%, the third quarter to be similar kind of growth, just so I understand the cadence for the core business or do you think it slows on comps? Give a sense. And then, I have a follow-up.
Max Guinn: So, its similar, David. No, we dont see any slowdown there.
David Raso: Thats what I thought. So, Im just trying to figure, we have the rough idea of C&F organic, we have Wirtgen for the third quarter, then it hit the full company sales guidance for the third quarter. That means A&T sales growth for the third quarter has to be about, call it 15%, right. Thats how you get to the full company 35% sales guide for the third quarter. But, if you do that, that implies the fourth quarter A&T is almost giving you zero growth to hit your full year sales guide for A&T of 14. And just given all your color on the order book and so forth, I just want to make sure we understand, are you trying to imply the fourth quarter A&T revenue growth is almost nil or is that just a call it conservatism in the sales guide? Is that -- that is the -- thats the math.
Josh Jepsen: I mean, I think your math reasonable. I think, when you think about the fourth quarter, the thing that would not be reflected there is we havent started our EOP for the spring seasonal products yet. And those we do know as we think about planters and sprayers, will come in, and you start to build those really in the fourth quarter as youre building those for the spring seasonal delivery. So, I think thats a piece that where we dont have visibility yet. Combines, we do -- large tractors, we do those spring seasonal products, we dont have that visibility yet. And I think thats where -- what you see there.
David Raso: So, based on the order book right now on ag, just from the things youve said, field work weve done. I mean, clearly the order book is not suggesting fourth quarter should be flat. Those are just sort of raise your hands and not trying to make a call on the fourth quarter, but youre not really try to leave us thinking the fourth quarter is flat on the A&T sales, is that a fair summary?
Josh Jepsen: I think thats fair. Like I said, well obviously -- when we get to the third quarter, well have more visibility into those early order programs. But again, Id reiterate strong, what we see combines out the year, large tractors into October. So, that remains firm.
David Raso: All right. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Okay. Well, thanks. We are at the top of the hour. So, we will go ahead and end the call. And well be available for call backs the rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co. Brent Norwood - Deere & Co. Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co. Ryan D. Campbell - Deere & Co.
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC David Raso - Evercore ISI Group Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Rob Wertheimer - Melius Research LLC Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere & Company First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Josh Jepsen, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; Ryan Campbell, Vice President and Corporate Controller and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, and then spend some time talking about our markets, and our current outlook for fiscal 2018. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed at our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. Brent?
Brent Norwood - Deere & Co.: With the announcement of our first quarter earnings, John Deere has started out 2018 on a positive note. Net income for the quarter was affected by upfront charges from U.S. tax reform legislation, which we believe will reduce the company's overall tax rate, and be beneficial in the future. Backing out this legislative change, adjusted earnings were $430 million, on sharply higher sales. We have increased our 2018 sales and adjusted net income forecast as a result of our confidence in present market conditions, and in our ability to fulfill customer demand. Now, let's take a closer look at our first quarter results in detail, beginning on slide 3. Net sales and revenues were up 23% to $6.9 billion. For the quarter, Deere reported a net loss of $535 million or $1.66 per share. During this period, the company incurred charges of $965 million related to recent U.S. tax reform legislation. Excluding this charge, adjusted net income was $430 million or $1.31 per share. The charges included an estimated one-time write-down of net deferred tax assets totaling $715 million. Additionally, Deere incurred an estimated one-time charge of $262 million on the repatriation of foreign earnings, will which likely be paid out over the next eight years. Both charges were partially offset by a favorable reduction in the annual effective tax rate of $12 million. On slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 27% to $5.974 billion. Currency translation was positive by 3 points. The impact of acquisitions was 5 points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses; starting with Agriculture & Turf on slide 5. Net sales were up 18% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, primarily driven by higher shipment volumes and the favorable effect of currency translation. For the quarter, Deere experienced increased demand across key markets, though sales gains were moderated by supply chain and logistic challenges. Progress is already being made to address these issues, and our suppliers and factories expect to catch up over the course of the year. Operating profit was $387 million, up 78% from $218 million last year. The increase was a result of higher shipment volumes and lower warranty expenses, partially offset by higher production costs. Last year's results included a gain on the sale of SiteOne and costs associated with a voluntary employee-separation program. Ag & Turf operating margins were 9.1% in the quarter. Excluding the impact of one-time adjustments, such as the SiteOne gain and the voluntary employee-separation program expenses, incremental margins were 32%, compared with the first quarter of 2017. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at fundamentals affecting the Ag business. On slide 6, despite increasing demand, global grain and oil seed stocks-to-use ratios are forecast to remain at elevated levels in 2017-2018, as abundant crops have offset strong demand around the world. Corn, soybeans and stock-to-use ratios are expected to decline in 2017-2018 as global demand outpaces production. Conversely, wheat stock-to-use ratio continues to increase to its highest level in almost two decades. Slide 7 outlines U.S. farm cash receipts. 2018 farm cash receipts are estimated to be $372 billion, approximately 1% lower than 2017. Crop cash receipts are projected to decline modestly, as gains from oil crops are offset by declines in feed crops. Receipts from livestock are expected to remain roughly flat year-over-year, with higher quantities compensating for price declines. Lastly, government payments represent the largest year-over-year decline, owing to lower guarantee prices in 2018. Our Ag economic outlook for the EU28 is on slide 8. GDP is expected to grow moderately for the year, though non-economic and geopolitical risks remain elevated. While overall arable farm margins remain slightly below long-term averages, conditions differ by region with some areas, such as Northwest Europe, showing signs of improvement in 2018. Margins for the dairy segment remain above long-term averages, though rising production may pressure prices throughout the year. Sentiment remains positive for beef producers. However, pork prices are weakening due to rising supplies. Shifting to Brazil on slide 9. The chart on the left displays the crop value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness in Brazil. Ag production is expected to decrease about 2% in 2018 in U.S. dollar terms, due to record production in 2017 and a revision to trend yields in 2018. In local currency, the value of production is forecast to be down about 1%. On the right side of the slide, you will see the eligible rates for Ag-related government sponsored finance programs. While rates for Moderfrota remain at 7.5% for small and midsized farmers and 10.5% for large farmers, the grace period for financing was extended to 14 months in December. This allows growers to capture two harvest seasons before making equipment payments. This enhancement to financing terms demonstrates the government's ongoing commitment to agriculture and is driving continued improvement in farmer confidence. Our 2018 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 10. Industry sales in the U.S. and in Canada are forecast to be up approximately 10% for the year. Despite range down commodity prices, the industry is experiencing stronger replacement demand for large equipment, as customers express their equipment demand in terms of need versus want. Replacement demand is reflected in the results of our Combine Early Order Program, which ended up in double-digits from last year, and in the large tractor order book, which continues to run ahead of last year. The EU28 industry outlook is forecast to be up about 5% in 2018 as a result of above-average margins in dairy and livestock, as well as improved outlooks in key markets such as France and the UK. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be flat to up 5% for the year. This is being driven mainly by demand in Argentina, which continues to benefit from favorable policy effects, strong fundamentals and pent-up demand. Shifting to Asia, sales are expected to be relatively unchanged from 2017. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2018. Deere expects to outpace the industry as a result of new product introductions. Putting this all together on slide 11, fiscal year 2018 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be up approximately 15%, including about 3 points of positive currency translation. The Ag & Turf division's operating margin is forecast to be about 13.5% for the year, up roughly 1 point from 2017. This implies incremental margins of just under 35%, excluding the impact for one-time adjustments such as the sale of SiteOne, the voluntary employee-separation program, and the acquisition of Blue River Technology. Now let's focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 12. Net sales were up 57% compared to the first quarter in 2017, primarily driven by strong demand for Construction & Forestry equipment, as well as by the acquisition of Wirtgen, which closed on December 1 of last year. Operating profit was $32 million, which included an operating loss for Wirtgen of $92 million. The loss was attributable to the unfavorable effects of purchase accounting and acquisition costs. C&F operating margins were 1.8% for the quarter, but 8.4% excluding Wirtgen. Moving to slide 13, the economic indicators affecting the Construction & Forestry industries continue to be supportive of equipment demand. GDP growth is forecast to be solid, continuing the positive trend seen in the U.S. and Canada through much of 2017. Housing demand is growing, but sales remain constrained by supply due to 35-year low inventories for new and existing single-family homes. Along with growing wages and job growth, these factors underpin our outlook for growing housing starts. Single-family housing starts are strong across all regions in the U.S. Single-family homes require extensive earthmoving and lumber content, which are important drivers of earthmoving and forestry equipment. In 2018, construction investment is forecast to grow 2.2%, up from the previous forecast of 1.4%. The increase is being led by oil and gas and residential activity. Oil prices are forecast to average above $58 a barrel for the year. That's important because oil and gas related construction activity tends to slow when oil prices are below $50, but picks up when prices are above that level. In addition, machinery rental utilization rates continue improving and rental pricing continues to gain positive traction. Deere's outlook is also reflected in a strong order book and positive trends in retail sales. Moving to the C&F outlook on slide 14. Deere's Construction & Forestry sales are now forecast to be up about 80% in 2018 as a result of stronger demand for equipment, as well as the acquisition of Wirtgen. The revenue forecast includes about $3.2 billion in sales attributable to the acquisition. The forecast for global forestry markets is up about 5% as a result of improvement in sales in the U.S. and Canada, and strong demand for cut-to-length products in Europe. C&F's full-year operating margin is now projected to be about 7.5%, which includes the negative impact of purchase accounting and acquisition costs from Wirtgen. Excluding Wirtgen, C&F projects margins to be approximately 11%, which is up from our previous guidance of 10.5%. For the full year in 2018, Wirtgen is expected to be operating profit neutral, as purchase accounting and acquisition expenses completely offset operating profit for the year. On a standalone basis, Wirtgen is forecast to deliver operating margins between 15% and 16% in 2018. Beyond 2018, operating margins are estimated in the 12% to 13% range, including purchase accounting adjustments. Let's move now to our Financial Services operations. Slide 15 shows the provision for credit losses as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. At the end of January, the annualized provision for credit losses was 2 basis points, reflecting the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecasts for 2018 shown on the slide contemplates a loss provision of about 22 basis points, 3 basis points lower than our previous forecast. This would put loss provisions for the year just below the 10-year average of 25 basis points and the 15-year average of 27 points. Moving to slide 16, Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $425 million in the first quarter versus $114 million last year. For the full year in 2018, net income is forecast to be about $840 million, up from the previous forecast. The higher results for the quarter and the higher full year forecast are primarily due to a benefit from the recent U.S. tax reform legislation, and to a lesser extent, a higher average portfolio and lower losses on leases. Beyond 2018, effective tax rates for John Deere Financial are forecast to be between 24% and 26%. Slide 17 outlines receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter up $4.1 billion. About $350 million of the change relates to currency translation. In the C&F division, the increase is largely attributable to Wirtgen, while for Ag, the increase is due to higher sales as well as pipeline replenishment. By the end of fiscal year 2018, receivables and inventories are expected to increase about $1.7 billion from 2017 levels, driven by the inclusion of Wirtgen as well as the higher sales across the company. Slide 18 shows cost of sales as a percentage of net sales. Cost of sales for the first quarter was 78.8%. Our 2018 cost of sales guidance is about 75% of net sales, unchanged from our previous guidance. When modeling 2018, keep these unfavorable impacts in mind: higher production costs and higher incentive compensation costs. On the favorable side, we expect price realization of about 1 point, and a more positive product mix. Now, let's look at some additional details. With respect to R&D expense on slide 19, R&D was up approximately 14% in the first quarter. Currency translation had an unfavorable impact of 2 points, while another 5 points related to the acquisitions of Wirtgen and Blue River Technology. Our 2018 forecast calls for R&D to be up about 20%, with acquisition-related activities accounting for 9 points of the increase, and currency translation for 1 point. The balance of the R&D increase relates to strategic investments in large Ag and precision Ag that help drive growth for these key areas. Moving now to slide 20, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up 8% in the first quarter, with acquisition-related activities, the voluntary employee-separation program and currency translation accounting for most of the change. Our 2018 forecast for SA&G expense is up approximately 23%. Excluding acquisition-related expenses, SA&G is forecast to be up about 2% in 2018. Turning to slide 21, the equipment operations tax rate was 422% in the first quarter, primarily due to the impact of recent U.S. tax reform legislation, as noted earlier. For the remainder of the year, the effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 25% to 27%, which implies a full year effective tax rate of approximately 62%. Beyond fiscal year 2018, Deere's effective tax rate is projected to be between 25% and 27%. On a long-term basis, recent tax reform legislation is expected to be beneficial to Deere's financial outlook. Slide 22 shows our equipment operations' history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from equipment operations is now forecast to be about $4.4 billion in 2018. The company's financial outlook is on slide 23. Second quarter equipment sales are forecast to be up 30% to 40% over last year. Our full-year outlook now calls for net sales to be up about 29%, which includes about 1 point of price realization. Finally, our full year 2018 net income forecast is now about $2.1 billion. Excluding the effect of U.S. tax reform legislation, adjusted net income is forecast to be about $2.85 billion using a 29.5% tax rate, which assumes no tax reform impact. I will now turn the call over to Raj Kalathur for closing comments. Raj?
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Thanks, Brent. Before we respond to your questions, let me share a few thoughts on the first quarter and our expectations for the rest of the year. First, it's noteworthy that Deere closed the Wirtgen deal on December 1, representing the largest transaction in Deere's 181 year history. Wirtgen has continued to perform in line with expectations since the purchase agreement was signed in May of last year. Our teams are making good progress on the integration front, and are working on synergy opportunities in the areas of sales, cost reduction and technology. We're maintaining a positive outlook for the year as the underlying fundamentals continue to be strong, and Wirtgen's global order book showed a double-digit increase over 2017. Though Wirtgen probably won't contribute to Deere's reported profits in 2018, due mainly to the effects of purchase accounting, it will make a meaningful cash contribution to our results over the course of the year. Second, as the agricultural equipment cycle improves, it is being helped by a reduction in used equipment inventories, and by the impact of replacement demand, driven by customer need for new equipment. Deere's Ag & Turf business is benefiting from this situation, and is on track to deliver incremental margins in the 30-plus percent range for the year. Now, this type of financial performance is particularly impressive, considering the headwinds of material cost inflation and increased investments in R&D that we are planning. Regarding our ability to meet demand, we are working closely with our suppliers and logistics providers as they adjust to present conditions. We remain confident in our ability to fulfill customer demand over the course of the year. That confidence is reflected in our increased financial guidance. As noted, we've raised our sales forecast by 7 points to up 29%, our adjusted net income forecast has been raised to $2.85 billion, versus $2.6 billion previously. As a final note, we are encouraged by the improving outlook for equipment demand across our businesses, and look forward to delivering continued strong performance in 2018 and beyond.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. Remember in consideration of others and our desire to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question today is from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Good morning, Jerry.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Raj, can you just build our confidence on the ability to ramp up with the supply chain. Clearly with the guidance increase you feel like there's been progress made over the past couple of months, maybe just give us some granularity in terms of how many key components you're monitoring today versus a couple of months ago? And just give us some context in terms of how broad-based were the supply chain issues you mentioned, and just more context on what's improving there would be great?
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Yeah. Jerry, the underlying issues are related to availability of labor and freight that you probably read about in the media in general, okay. So if you think about the types of components that have been impacted, these are wiring harnesses where there's a lot of labor required, and any such interruptions essentially with time, it gets better. If you think about where we are coming from, from the lower levels of volumes we've had in 2016 to up in a single-digit range. And now we're ramping up even further in the high-teens for our core business. That takes a while  a lot of suppliers have the physical capacity, it takes time for them to actually put the people in place and get them trained and have them working in a synchronized fashion. So it's just a matter of time, and as we know from the past, this takes a little bit of time. That's why we said, we were confident enough to increase our full-year forecast, knowing fully well that this is going to be addressed over the second quarter and third quarter. Josh?
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And so it sounds like the second quarter, just to be clear, Raj, the second quarter, you folks laid out a pretty wide range. So it sounds like based on your comment, though, you're confident that the performance improves in the second quarter?
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: So, Jerry, most  yeah the performance improves substantially in the second quarter. I'm going to say, most of the catching up will be done, and we are also having a substantial increase in the second quarter. All of those will be met, but there will be some elements that will go into the third quarter, okay?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Jerry, what I'd add there is, there is significant amount of prioritization done there as you got seasonal products that are more important to get out in Q2. So where we've been able to, we've flattened our production schedule to accommodate this demand. And as Raj said, confident in our execution over the course of the year.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Timothy Thein from Citi Research.
Timothy W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe, Raj, just your updated thoughts in terms of capital allocation. And specifically, as it relates to the dividend, that the current rate of $2.40 (00:25:01), it basically implies like an $8 number based on your payout targets, and yet, you're on pace to generate earnings more than 10% higher than that. So maybe just an update specifically as it relates to the dividend, and then maybe capital allocation update more broadly? Thank you.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Okay. So thanks, Tim. Now, let me go overall. Our cash flow from operations this year is going to be about $4.4 billion, and this clearly brings your question in front. Now, first, as we have said before, our focus in the first quarter was to meet all the requirements for a smooth Wirtgen transaction. The first quarter is also usually when our working capital cash requirements are the highest. Now that we have managed through 1Q requirements, we can look at the next steps. And next, we've also talked about  we'll look at opportunities from U.S. tax reform. So we have time until we file our 2017 taxes, which will be due in late July or early August of 2018, to contribute to our pension plans and get a 35% deduction. While we do not have any current requirement for pension contributions, as our plans are well-funded, we're looking at this opportunistically, and may consider some contributions in fiscal 2018. Beyond that, you're right. Our cash use priorities remain the same, the mid-single A (00:26:29), which we think are some very good stead (00:26:32), our growth investments, then dividends and repurchases. With respect to dividends, Tim, to your question, we try to keep our dividends between 25%, 35% of mid-cycle earnings. And if you include the cash earnings from Wirtgen, yeah, we will be below the 25% level. So this will receive considerable attentions in the next few quarters from us. So from a share repurchase standpoint, and as we've said before, it's an essential use of cash and we are keen to ensure that we are adding value to our longer-term-minded investors with any share repurchases. So on dividends, again, yeah, it's something that we will be looking at very closely in the next couple of quarters.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Thanks. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research Partners.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi. Good morning. Could you talk about your views just on Construction & Forestry cycle? When we look at underlying legacy business ex-Wirtgen, setting up for a very strong year in 2018. Just how you're thinking about that relative to where we've come from, and then moving beyond that, and whether some of the restocking this year push  pulls forward a little bit extra demand?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah, Joe. When you think about C&F, I mean, obviously, the underlying conditions continue to be very strong. We're seeing that activity in our dealerships. We're seeing it with the rental business, and what we look to rental utilization, which continues to be strong. And really when you step back and look at that inventory and receivable build in the C&F business, that's largely Wirtgen, there's a small amount that is C&F-related. So we're really  from a field inventory perspective, stepping up a little bit, but that's really coming off of what have been decade-long lows of field inventories. Those were drawn down pretty aggressively in 2016 and then again in 2017. But I think as we look at the industry overall, continued strong demand across multiple segments, not just oil and gas, but also in the non-energy-producing regions. They continue to be attractive and driving investment in the business.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Hey, Joe. I will add a couple of statistics for your benefit. If you look at the orders you've gotten for the first 13 weeks of this fiscal year, it's about 40% higher than the same 13 weeks last year. And our order bank would be almost double; it actually is more than double where we were at this point last year. So very strong order book and order bank, and very strong end market demand for these products.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Raso from Evercore ISI.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: Hi, good morning. Just trying to reconcile, now we have the margin guide for the segments, you're basically implying your segment operating profit is up about $1.1 billion year-over-year but you're implying your net income is only up $700 million. So I'm trying to reconcile that gap, right? Maybe $100 million is from higher interest expense, but that's still about $1 billion on EBIT but only $700 million on net income. Even if you tax affect it, we're still off here by a couple hundred million dollars, $0.60, $0.70 of earnings on the implied EPS. So can you reconcile that gap? Why is that gap so wide all of a sudden between your EBIT growth and your net income growth?
Ryan D. Campbell - Deere & Co.: Hey, David, it's Ryan. And a couple things I'd ask you to think about it. One, it's early in the year, and given all the challenges that we faced, and while we still feel confident that we'll be able to work through that, we're seeing some inflation headwinds and other things that are coming at us. And so, as we thought about $2.85 billion as the pro forma net income number, we're contemplating all of those things in there. So you might not be able to perfectly reconcile everything, but at this point in the year, given where we are and given all the things that we're seeing in the marketplace, $2.85 billion is the number that we're comfortable with.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: No, I appreciate that, but I mean, you're not reflecting that in the segment guide. I mean, basically it looks like you're putting about 50 bps of cushion in your net income number of margin that you're not putting in the segment margin, right? So I'm just  so that's all basically is  there's, look, you have your thoughts on the segments and you kind of gave a little more of a conservative, how that rolls back down to the net income, is that a fair...?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: David, I'd say that's fair.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: Okay. And lastly, real quick  sorry to bug you on this, but Wirtgen, what you're giving for second quarter sales guide and what you did in the first quarter guide, it implies a slowdown in the second half, like, basically you're saying second quarter is $1.16 billion on revenue. We know we have the first quarter now, so that all of a sudden the back-half is only run-rating like $840 million, $850 million a quarter in revenue, a big step-down from 2Q. Anything to be thoughtful on about that or is that just you wanted to keep the full year Wirtgen rev guide just sort of where it was and we'll update it later?
Ryan D. Campbell - Deere & Co.: Yeah, so we kept the full year Wirtgen. And keep in mind that for this quarter, it was only one month of Wirtgen activity, and so we're forecasting 10 months this year of Wirtgen activity. And so we really only have one month. I would say that their business, they do have a little bit of seasonality in their business starting in the beginning of the calendar year over the next few months. But essentially, there's nothing really to read into that. We've kept Wirtgen consistent ex-currency and purchase accounting, and just keep in mind, we've got 10 months this year.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: No, I hear, it's just the second quarter at $1.16 billion, all of a sudden dropping down. That's all I was asking. Okay, really appreciate it. Thank you.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Hey, thanks, David.
Ryan D. Campbell - Deere & Co.: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, good morning. A clarification, and then just a question. Just to be clear, your net income guidance of $2.850 billion does not assume the lower tax rate in the remaining years. So is the real net income guide $3.065 billion, and why aren't we assuming the lower tax rate in the remaining quarters? And then just my second question, is there any way you can quantify how much the supply chain issues or production issues impacted the first quarter, and what's implied for the rest of the year? Thank you.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah, Jamie, when you think about the tax rate, that $2.85 billion contemplates the 29.5%. So you're right in that the rest of your forecast is in that 25% to 27% range.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. But why aren't we assuming the 25% to...
Ryan D. Campbell - Deere & Co.: Yeah, Jamie, it's Ryan. What we tried to do with the pro forma is keep it somewhat pure to kind of how we would have looked at the business if tax reform never happened. So that produced the 29.5% that we calculated the pro forma with, with we came at 32% and there's been some discretes that have come through that now we're thinking of 29.5%. Certainly, as tax reform comes through, we're going to get a lower rate over time, and you can see in the slides where we're forecasting the lower rate.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Okay. Yeah, and then just a second question on the supply chain, like  can you quantify the impact to the quarter? What's implied in the remaining two quarters, I guess?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Not a clear quantification, Jamie. But obviously you see what  from our guidance perspective, what we expected to do on the top line in 1Q versus where we ended up. That's really the driver of that miss. And then, as you look forward to the raise overall in terms of our sales, that's not  it includes obviously the catch-up as well as what we're seeing from additional demand.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: So, Jamie, as Josh mentioned, we guided 38% in 1Q and ended up 27%. Think of all of it  almost all of it as (00:34:46) supply chain, because the end market demand is actually growing on us, not the other way around.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And just to be clear, I'm assuming the supply chain issues were all Ag, right?
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: It was on both sides.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Both sides. Was one more concentrated versus the other?
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: I would say, you think of it as where would logistics make a bigger difference, where would labor availability make a bigger difference on a supply base. You have to think about the type of supplier more than our segments with respect to where the impact was.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you. I'll follow-up offline.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Nicole Deblase from Deutsche Bank.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, guys. Good morning. So forgive me if I'm just like  I'm completely confused by the way you guys are doing net income guidance versus the tax rate issues. So the pro forma 29.5% does not include any impact of U.S. tax reform, correct? So your full-year guidance, the $2.85 billion essentially that increase that you had versus the $2.6 billion is coming completely from operations? Is that fair?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Operations, and just a little bit of tax, because in the original opening budget guidance, we guided to about a 32% tax rate based on some discretes that have happened that would have happened irrespective of tax reform, the number's 29.5%.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for clarifying that. And then, I guess, Wirtgen, you guys increased the ongoing operation margin guidance. I think before you were saying 11% to 12%. And now you're saying 12% to 13%. So what's driving that? Is that higher synergies over time? Is it just that the underlying business is better than you expected? Why is it higher?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah, we haven't baked in any synergies right now, although we're certainly confident that we're going to get them. That's purely purchase accounting. And so, what you saw, Wirtgen for this year has a little bit of higher purchase accounting driven by increased step-up than what we expected to inventory. Then that step-up increase in inventory which comes through the P&L this year, there's lower step-up related to amortization of intangibles. So you see that on an ongoing run rate, that that amortization is lower. So that's the only difference that you're seeing there.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning. My question is around, maybe you could talk about the impact of tax changes both to your own businesses as well as to maybe the way dealers will operate and farmers will operate. Particularly I'm thinking about the changes around the like-for-like assets and what that might do to purchasing patterns in the field?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah, Ann, obviously from a company perspective, long-term this is beneficial. There are charges here that occur in year one, but long-term from a Deere perspective, favorable. As we think about customers, each individual customer and their situation is different. We'd say by and large, this has been viewed favorably as we've talked to customers. But every situation varies and I'd say, from a dealer perspective it's very much the same. As you get into some of the details, whether it's like kind exchanges or 100% expensing, there are puts and takes. And really varies on how their business is set up, and how they operate. So it's really hard to kind of broad-brush that with  what does this mean for all customers or all dealers. But generally, the feedback we've gotten so far is positive. And I'd point out, there's still revisions and components of this tax bill that are being written or contemplated changes, Section 199 is an example. And as those play out, we'll have a better feel, but right now, we feel like generally positive.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And I think...
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Ann, with respect to  just adding to what Josh said, you think about the improvements in Section 179, that was good for the customers broadly. Your point about like-kind exchange, but that's offset by 100% expensing, that's a positive for the customers, overall. Other positives, like estate taxes, Ann, if Section 199A stays as is; yeah, that could be a huge positive in terms of additional cash for our customers in the U.S. So you're all with me  as long as the customers have more cash that we think is beneficial to our business long-term. So generally, we see this as positive (00:39:38).
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Would you expect any changes in how purchasing decisions are made, maybe more purchases, less leasing? Would that be a potential outcome? And then I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah. We think there could be a drive to more purchasing as there are more known benefits of purchasing, whereas in the past few years there's uncertainty as to the tax benefit of purchasing, particularly when Section 179, for example, was not being extended or it was an annual basis. Thanks, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: We'll go ahead and go for the next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the R&D expense as a percent of sales. It went up a couple of points. You mentioned the large Ag and precision Ag projects. Was that all of it? Or was there something else in there?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: No. That's right, Andy. Really, the change there is related to some additional investments in R&D, and really focused, as Brent pointed out, in precision Ag and large Ag, which we feel like are important as we think about looking forward to not only gain share, but also drive margins.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then on the inventory and accounts receivable outlook for Ag & Turf, you had a big build in the quarter, you explained that. Now, you're also looking for $50 million reduction for the year despite the strengthening markets. How should we view that $50 million reduction? Is that just, you had pipeline fill at the end of the year in 2017 carried through into Q1 and you expect to normalize? Or how should we look at that?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah. I think, we view it as really finishing relatively flat for the year. And one thing to think about too at this point, we have less visibility out as we go further through the year, and we start to do our spring seasonal EOPs and that kind of thing for our spring products, that's when we have a lot more visibility into how that looks as you go 4Q into 1Q of the following year.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research.
Rob Wertheimer - Melius Research LLC: Hi, good morning. Could you please just talk a bit about Combine (00:42:09) Early Order Program, et cetera? And then, I wonder if you could comment on whether there's, outside of Turf, any market share gains built into your forecast?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah. As you think about the Combine EOP, it did come in strong, so up double-digits, and that was on the back of what we saw, up double-digits on our spring seasonal products. So I think, continued strength there, and then you see that build in our forecast from our net sales increase. And really, what we're seeing there is  and it was mentioned earlier, but replacement demand in the way that we're  customers are talking about replacement demand and what's driving that. That's been a big question; what is driving replacement demand. We're seeing that come through really a few different areas; wanting and feeling the need to upgrade technology, getting improved productivity, and be able to hit shorter, whether it's planting, spraying, or harvest windows, the warranty period and really staying within their warranty or their extended warranty and really just overall comfort level with kind of where their machine's at. And I think as we've talked to dealers, as they've done kind of winter off-season refurbishments, they've noted that this equipment has put more age on. The further we get from those  further away we get from those years of 2011, 2012, 2013, there's putting a lot more wear and tear and hours on that equipment. So I think that's what's kind of manifesting itself here in some of this improved replacement demand. And then, outside of the EOPs, our large tractor order book year-over-year, we're out. We're further ahead than we would have been last year on a higher schedule. So for example, if you look at 8R tractors, we're out six weeks further than we would have been last year. 9R tractors, both wheel for 8R wheel and 9R wheel, would be out four weeks. So we've got quite a bit of strength there that we're seeing as a result of that.
Rob Wertheimer - Melius Research LLC: Great. That's very helpful. I'll follow-up offline on the other. Thanks.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. I'm just kind of thinking conceptually here, I guess, you raised your top line organic guidance by about 5 points, but you kind of left the cost of goods sold flat in that scenario. And does that just reflect sort of the increased material costs and the increases in incentive comp? Or how should I think about that?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah, I think that's fair. You do have  as we talked about, mentioned earlier, we've seen some favorable mix, which has been positive, but then you do have the rising material costs as well as some freight costs that are impacting that, and then to a lesser extent, incentive comp as well. So I think, the way you lay that out is fair.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And then, I'm sorry, I'm just struggling with this tax thing relative to what you're forecasting. Does the model that you're giving us assume the 25% to 27% in 2Q, 3Q and 4Q?
Ryan D. Campbell - Deere & Co.: No. It does not. This is Ryan, it doesn't. So the model that we have that produces the $2.85 billion is based on the 29.5% full year, as if tax had not happened.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: All right. But it did happen, and so it's going to be in the 25% to 27%...
Ryan D. Campbell - Deere & Co.: Correct. That's right. So you could take  I mean, if you were kind of thinking through what that would mean, take the 29.5% and put it down to the 25% to 27% range, and then you'd get kind of the ongoing impact of that.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: All right. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Shlisky from Seaport Global.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. It seems super-important that you get these issues with your logistics solved, like right now, to kind of meet your sprayer and planter and other equipment shipments for the very early spring. Can you kind of bucket for us maybe how far along are you inning-wise in getting these issues resolved? And is there any risk of cancellations of orders that might not come back this year if you don't have things to the kind of dealer and farmer on time?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah, I think, at this point, Mike, we feel confident that we'll be able to meet this demand over the course of the year. And again, to your point on time-sensitive things, that's where we're really focused on prioritizing and making sure those seasonal products, spring seasonal products, for example, that they take priority over other things, that their season is further out. So I think, that's the focus, and I would say we've been obviously working on that throughout the course of the first quarter and continue to obviously place a lot of time and resources to working through that.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Mike, this is something that's impacting the industry broadly and not just us. So that's something to factor in as well as you think about the demand, lost sales, et cetera., so.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Within the 15% sales growth forecast that you have for the Ag business at Deere, what assumptions do you have for small and medium-duty Ag versus the large Ag? And last quarter, you thought you were about 90% of mid-cycle overall with obviously a much earlier position in the large Ag. But it sounds like large Ag is now advancing more. So where do you think that metric falls out as you contemplate the end of 2018?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah, maybe starting at  kind of the latter part there. When we think about where we are from a (00:48:25) ops perspective, we'd say we're closer, much closer to that mid-cycle number than we were a quarter ago. Obviously, you've got the Construction side above that, and on the Ag side slightly below there. So I think that's  we're continuing to see strength, continued strength in the small Ag business, which has really been strong for the last few years and, as you mentioned, starting to see large Ag grow, and when you think about that, kind of in that framework, you still have large Ag in North America well below mid-cycle and really much closer to our lower ends of what we would consider the trough side. So lots of potential upside there as we come off very low levels.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: But just to clarify, within the 15%, do you have anything assumed to be declining, like either on the smaller or medium duty side?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: No, we would see growth across all of those categories.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: So most of the regions, as we have shown in our forecast, are either flat or up and with respect to small Ag and large Ag, they're both up. And as Josh mentioned, you take large Ag on a worldwide basis, we are still well below what we would say mid-cycle. If you take just large Ag in North America, and it's close to the trough that we talk about; and when we say trough, 80%, 100%, 120% (00:50:08), it's closer to the trough, in terms of large Ag North America.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mig Dobre from Baird.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes. Good morning. So to a couple of questions earlier you basically said you pretty much assumed some conservatism below operating income versus what you've guided as segment. Obviously, on your tax rate, you're assuming that 29.5% rather than the actual rate. When I'm looking at the divergence between what you're guiding for operating cash, you're raising that by $600 million. Your net income is raised by $250 million. What I'm trying to understand is, does that operating cash flow assumption in guidance embed those two other elements of conservatism or is there something else that we need to be aware of here? What's the divergence, $600 million versus the $250 million?
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Yeah, let me clarify in terms of how we get to the cash flow; that might help you here. So if you look at our cash from operations last year, it was about $2.4 billion. This year we are saying it's going to be about $4.4 billion for the full year 2018. So the biggest component of course is the increase in net income on an adjusted basis, the pro forma, that's about $650 million from last year to this year. And then you have $300 million in additional dividend from John Deere Financial this year due to tax reform, okay? And there's another $300 million on a pre-tax basis, there was an OPEB contribution that we made at the end of 2017 fiscal year, and then there's about $200 million that was from SiteOne impact on net income last year that's not in income this year. So that actually is a better income this year than last year. And then, we also have included in it about $300 million in cash from Wirtgen, which is not in the net income numbers, okay? So that gives you an idea of how we go from the $2.4 billion to $4.4 billion. I think the same  the 50/50 forecast we have should apply on both sides, income and cash flow.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Right, Raj. But I'm just talking about the adjustment to your previously-provided guidance for the year, the $400 million change. That's what I'm interested in.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Yeah. That would be the net income increase and the additional dividend from John Deere Financial this year due to the tax reform. So those would be the two components and just the increase from our previous guidance to now.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Joel Tiss from BMO.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I made it. How's it going, guys? Just can you talk quickly about your Ag, your maybe large Ag shipments in North America versus the retail demand, how that shapes out for 2018?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah. Joel, we're producing in line with retail demand on the large Ag side by and large, so no departure from kind of where we've been, where we ended 2017, producing that in line with demand, which is where we want to be, and continue to be able to run at pretty lean field inventory levels.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, great. And then on Wirtgen, can you just give us the early read, purchasing synergies, sharing the footprint across their distribution and your existing, and ability to move product into your existing dealerships, and different things like that that can kind of help us understand behind the scenes some of the opportunities you might have longer-term?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah. I think right now when we look at that, we'd obviously  and as we commented on earlier, and Raj made the comment that  still early, but feel good about the synergies from a cost perspective and technology, and then, definitely do see opportunities from a sales side, and really identifying those. I think the approach there is going to be much more of a pull. And when I say that, I mean the Wirtgen sales organization pulling the Deere product that is the best fit for them and their customers into their channels, and not a push of  here's our entire portfolio, take all of that now.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: And Joel, to add to what Josh just said, we've said 100 million in synergies over five years and a lot  90% of that was from the cost side. We are still focused on that and confident we'll deliver that. Now, we're getting even more excited about some of the opportunities on the sales side, given Wirtgen organization's pulling some of these synergies now. For example, in Mexico City, Wirtgen had a  it goes both ways there. In Mexico City, for example, Wirtgen had a dealer and that's now possibly going to be our C&F dealer, too. In West Virginia, where they had a  Wirtgen actually had a gap in their territory, we have a very strong dealer, that dealer is going to take on the Wirtgen contract as well. So the sales side is seeing some more momentum than we had. And the technology side is another one that's  some of the technologies we bring, especially on the ISG side, the engineers in the working site feel  have very good potential, and they're pulling some of those type of synergies. Thank you for the question.
Joel G. Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, Good morning.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Good morning.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I wanted to ask you about pricing. I think the first quarter was expected to be up 2 points, I think it came in around flat. Is there anything you'd kind of highlight there? And then, your full-year guidance for up 1%, does that include positive pricing in both segments? Thank you.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah. So when we say about pricing, you're right. We had forecast about 2 points, we came in about flat in the first quarter. And some of that is just timing quarter-over-quarter and how this plays out. I think, importantly, as we think about the price, the full year remains at 1 point. I think, what we've seen impact us is, as we compensate our dealers based on their performance and their market share and strong market share gains in 2017, when we reflect that into our plans for 2018, we've seen that move up and that has played an impact. But overall, we'd say that's really a positive thing, because we're driving share gain.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then, just for the full-year guide, do you expect both segments to be positive?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: So what I would say is, we're still seeing a very competitive environment in C&F and have not necessarily seen those pressures alleviate over the last quarter; still a very challenging market from that perspective.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Stanley Elliott from Stifel.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Thank you, guys, for fitting me in. A quick question, noticed that the government  kind of construction investment piece took down a  kind of moved down pretty significantly. I would have thought that, that's a big driver for the Wirtgen business, which you actually took up. Could you kind of help talk around why the lowered investment on the government side, and then kind of what's driving that outperformance for Wirtgen? Thanks.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah. The Wirtgen change from 3.1 to 3.2 (00:58:36) is just FX. No change to the underlying business there. And the government investment is North America-specific, which is from a Wirtgen perspective the Americas are 25%, so it's not as material to the Wirtgen business as it would, say, to our C&F business, which is by and large more North American. So I think that's probably the biggest disconnect there if you think about how to connect those dots.
Stanley Stoker Elliott - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question...
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Okay. We'll take one more.
Operator: And our final question today is from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Hi, thank you for taking the follow-up. Can you talk about, in Brazil, there's been a regulatory changeover within the past year. Can you just comment on how that impacted your production schedule in calendar 2017? And how you expect the production ramp to look over the course of 2018?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: Yeah, so the emissions change happened last January, and really  and leading up to that, we didn't necessarily build inventory ahead of that. We were building, as you may recall in November, December, there was strong demand. We were seeing the early stages of the recovery there. So we were really building just to meet demand at that point. So we didn't have a significant overproduction that we then bled-off. I'd say we built that pretty much in line or as close to in line as we could based on the strong demand. And I think as we go into this year, we'd see, I think, more of the same there in terms of our plans. There have been  there was the, as Brent mentioned, the grace period got extended from 12 months to 14 months for the FINAME financing. That took effect in January, but was announced earlier. So you did see a bit of a pause in terms of retail activity as folks could wait a few weeks in order to get that two months of additional grace period. But we don't feel like that changes or shifts at all the actual underlying demand. Economics for the farmers continue to be strong, so we feel very positive there.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Thank you.
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: All right. Well, that wraps up our call today. We appreciate everyone's participation, and we'll be available for any calls or questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-11-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director of IR Josh Jepsen - Manager, Investor Communications Rajesh Kalathur - CFO
Analysts: Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Company Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Securities Robert Wertheimer - Melius Research Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Securities Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank Securities Steven Fischer - UBS Securities Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners Timothy Thein - Citi Group Global Markets Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies David Raso - Evercore ISI Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Company Larry de Maria - William Blair & Company Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome. Good morning and welcome to Deere & Companys Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Hello. Also on the call today are, Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; and Josh Jepsen, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's fourth quarter earnings, our markets and our initial outlook for fiscal 2018. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our Web site at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly and Events. Josh?
Josh Jepsen: Today, John Deere announced its fourth quarter financial results in the end to another successful year. In fact, sales and earnings for 2017 were the fifth highest in the company history. Our performance was helped by improving markets for farm and construction equipment and also by our ongoing success established in a broad based product portfolio in a flexible cost structure. As a result, Deere has remained well positioned not only to serve its present customers but also to make investments needed to drive growth and attract even more customers in the future. Now, lets take a closer look at the fourth quarter in detail beginning on slide four. Net sales and revenues were up 23% to just over $8 billion, net income attributable to Deere & Company was $510 million, EPS was $1.57 in the quarter. On slide five, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 26% to about $7.1 billion. Price utilization in the quarter was positive by one point. Currency translation was positive by two points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with Ag & Turf on slide six. Net sales were up 22% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, all of the regions of the world were higher in the quarter, the increase was led by the US and EU 28. Operating profit was $584 million, up 57% versus the fourth quarter of 2016. The increase in operating profit was primarily driven by higher shipment volumes and favorable sales mix partially offset by higher production cost and higher selling administrative and general expenses. Operating margins were 10.7% in the quarter. Incremental margins were about 47% for the full year, excluding the impact of items such as the Site One gains and voluntary separation program expenses incremental margins were about 33%. Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at some fundamentals affecting the Ag business. On slide seven, despite increasing global demand, global grain and oil seeds stock to use ratios are forecast to remain at elevated but generally unchanged levels in 2017, 2018 as an abundant crop are mostly offset by strong demand around the world. Chinese green and oil seeds stock remain high heading into 2018, after more than 10 years of supply which includes domestic production plus imports outpacing demand. Chinese grains still represent almost half of the world stock and considering that these stocks are unlikely to be exported the world market remains sensitive to production setbacks or major geopolitical disruptions. The world cotton stocks-to-use ratio has now fallen for second consecutive season and to the lowest level in five seasons reflecting stronger global demand. Slide 8 outlines US farm cash receipts. 2017 cash receipts are estimated to be 377 billion, about 3% higher than 2016s levels. Given the large crop harvest in 2017 and consequently the lower commodity prices we are seeing today, we expect 2018 total cash receipts to be approximately 368 billion. Thats down about 2% from 2017 due to lower livestock and crop cash receipts. Our economic outlook for the EU 28 is on slide 9. GDP growth in the region is improving though risks remain. Arable farm margins are below the long-term average while the dairy market is recovering with prices holding at above average levels and forecast for margins exceeding the five-year average. Sentiment remains positive for beef and pork producers though downward pressure on pork prices is possible. Shifting to Brazil on slide 10. The chart on the left displays the crop value of agricultural production a good proxy for the health of agri business in Brazil. Ag production is expected to decrease about 4% in 2018 in US dollar terms due mainly to record production 2017 and the reversion to trend yields in 2018. In local currency the value of production is forecasted to be down about 2%. Although forecast to be lower in 2018, ag margins in Brazil are coming off of a record year and continued acreage expansion is expected. On the right side of the slide you see the eligible rates for ag related government sponsored finance programs. Rates for moderfrota remain at 7.5% for small and mid-sized farmers and 10.5% for large farmers. This demonstrates the governments ongoing commitment to agriculture. Our 2018 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 11. Industry sales in the US and Canada are forecasted to be up 5% to 10% for the year. Despite current commodities prices the industry is experiencing stronger replacement demand for large equipment while demand for small equipment remains solid. Deere is experiencing strong order activity in both our early order programs for seasonal products and our order book for large tractors which are supportive of the outlook. The EU 28 industry outlook is forecast to be up about 5% in 2018 a result of margin recovery in dairy and livestock as well as improved harvest outlooks in key markets such as France and the UK. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2018. This is driven mainly by demand in Argentina which continues to benefit from favorable policy effects, strong fundamentals and pent-up demand. Shifting to Asia, sales are expected to be relatively unchanged from 2017. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the US and Canada are projected to be roughly flat in 2018 though Deere expects to outpace the industry. Putting this all together on slide 12, fiscal year 2018 Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment are forecasted to be up about 9% including about 2 points of positive currency translation. The sales increase is led by the US market and to a lesser extent by the EU 28. The increase in the US is due in part to significant growth in the sale of small ag and turf products which are expected to benefit from new product introductions in the year. The ag and turf division operating margin forecast is about 12.5% in 2018 Excluding the impact of special items, the implied incremental margin in 2018 are nearly 35%. Furthermore, excluding the impact of currency translation and negative mix, forecasted incremental margins are above 40%. Now lets focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 13. Net sales were up 37% in the quarter due to higher shipment volumes, price realization and the favorable effects of currency translation. Operating profit was $85 million due to higher shipment volumes and price realization partially offset by an impairment charge for international operations. Operating margin was 5% in the quarter, but 7.5% excluding the impairment charge. Moving to slide 14. The economic fundamentals affecting the Construction & Forestry Industries in North America continue to be supportive of increased industry demand. GDP growth is forecasted to be strong continuing a positive trend experienced during the past six months in the US and Canada. Housing demand is growing, but constrained by supply, as a result single family home inventories continue at 35-year lows. Single family housing starts are strong across all regions in the US. Single family homes require increased earthmoving and lumber content which are important drivers of earthmoving and Forestry equipment. Construction investment is forecast to grow in 2018 led by oil and gas and residential activity. Oil prices are forecasted to be above $50 which is important since oil and gas related activity tends to slow when oil prices are below $50 and tends to pick up when above that level. In addition, machinery rental utilization rates continue improving and rental pricing is gaining traction. Finally, new and used inventory levels have come down and auction activity has declined substantially year-over-year. Deere's outlook also reflects a strong order book based on industry activity and positive trend in retail sales. Moving to the C&F outlook on slide 15. Deeres construction Forestry sales are now forecasted to be up about 69% in 2018 mainly driven by the anticipated acquisition of Wirtgen as well as by strong demand in US and Canada. The forecast includes about $3.1 billion in sales from Wirtgen and assume the acquisition will close in December. Regarding the Forestry the forecast for global forestry market is flat to up 5%, a result of improvement in the US and Canada. C&Fs full year operating margin is projected to be about 8% which includes estimated purchase accounting and transaction cost for Wirtgen. Excluding Wirtgen, the divisions annual operating margin is forecast to be about 10.5%. Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 16, shows the provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio. The provision at the end of 2017 was 24 basis points, reflecting the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecast for 2018 shown on the slide, contemplates a loss provision of about 25 basis points. This will put losses at the 10-year average of 25 basis points and slightly below the 15-year average of 27. Moving to slide 17. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $128 million in the fourth quarter versus $110 million last year. For the full year, financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $477 million versus $468 million in 2016. The higher results for both periods were primarily due to lower losses on lease residual values. Full year results were partially offset by less favorable financing spreads and higher selling, administrative and general expenses. Financial services is expected to earn about 515 million in 2018. The outlook reflects a higher average portfolio partially offset by higher selling, administrative and general expenses. Next, we will turn to receivables and inventories as shown on slide 18. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the year, up $1.477 billion. Ag and turf accounted for about two-thirds of the increase with the majority driven by growth in overseas receivables. 2018 receivables and inventories are expected to rise primarily due to the inclusion of Wirtgen while the rest of the business will likely see movement in line with sales. More specific guidance will be provided with our first quarter 2018 earnings release. Moving to slide 19, cost of sales as a percent of net sales for 2017 was 77%. Our 2018 guidance for cost of sales as a percent of net sales is about 75%. When modeling 2018, keep these impacts in mind; Positive price realization of about 1 point. On the unfavorable side, we expect an unfavorable product mix, higher overhead spending, and increased incentive compensation. Now, lets look at some additional details. With respect to R&D on slide 20. R&D was up 3% in the fourth quarter but down 2% for the full year. Currency translation had an unfavorable impact of 1% in the quarter and no impact for the full year. Our 2018 forecast calls for R&D to up about 18%, half of which is related to the acquisitions of Wirtgen and Blue River Technology. Moving now to slide 21. S, A&G expense for the equipment operations was up 15% in the fourth quarter with acquisition related activities, commissions paid to dealers, incentive compensation and currency translation accounting for most of the change. S, A&G expense for the full year was up 12% due to the same factors noted for the quarter in addition to voluntary separation program expenses. Our 2018 forecast calls for S, A&G expense to be up about 26%. Excluding acquisition related expenses, S, A&G is forecasted to be up about 2% in 2018. Turning to slide 22. The equipment operations tax rate was 27% in the quarter and 30% for the full year. For 2018, the effective tax rate is forecasted to be in the range of 31% to 33%. The rate is a result of a more favorable mix of income, improved profitability outside the US, and structural changes within the business. Slide 23 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations $2.4 billion in 2017. The change versus our previous forecast of about $2.9 billion was due largely to OPEB contributions made earlier than previously anticipated for tax planning purposes. For 2018, cash flow from equipment operations is forecasted to be about $3.8 billion which includes positive cash flow from Wirtgen. The 2018 financial outlook is on slide 24. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be up about 38% compared to 2018. This includes about 2 points of price realization and about 3 points of favorable currency translation. Wirtgen is expected to contribute about 6 points to the increase in the quarter. The full year forecast calls for net sales to be up about 22%. Price realization and favorable currency translation are expected to be about 1 point and 2 points respectively. Wirtgen sales are forecasted to contribute about 12 points for the year. Finally, our full year 2018 net income forecast is about $2.6 billion. Comparing 2017 and 2018, slide 25 shows the high-level reconciliation of operating profit for the equipment operations adjusted for special items. Operating profit was 2.82 billion for the equipment operations in 2017. Included were these special items which require consideration. $275 million pretax gain from sale of remaining interest in Site One landscape supply which has been discussed throughout the year. M&A cost of $37 million, impairment charge of $40 million mentioned earlier and voluntary separation program expenses of $92 million. Adjusted for these factors, 2017 operating profit would have been 2.615 billion. Looking at 2018, based on the guidance for net sales changes in operating margin by segment, projected operating profit for the equipment operations is forecast to be about 3.525 billion. Included in the operating profit forecast are following items of note: Wirtgen operating profit using very preliminary estimates for purchase accounting and deal cost is expected to be about $75 million resulting in operating margin between 2 and 3%. On a standalone basis, Wirtgen is forecast to deliver operating margin in the range of 15 to 16%. The operating margin expectation for the business going forward is in the 11 to 12% range reflecting estimated ongoing purchase accounting related expenses. The 2018 forecast does not include any benefit from synergies associated with the Wirtgen acquisitions which as noted at the time of announcement are expected to total 100 million by 2022. Additionally, the acquisition of Blue River technology results in higher year-over-year spending of roughly $60 million as we invest in machine learning and integrated technology into our portfolio. Taking these items into account, adjusted operating profit for 2018 is expected to be about 3.51 billion. On an adjusted basis, the comparison shows an improvement of roughly 900 million in operating profit for 2018 versus 2017, representing an incremental margin of about 33%. As a result, Deere is demonstrating improved operational performance due to disciplined cost execution, cost management and continued investment in innovative technology and solutions. This brings benefits to stakeholders in 2018 and beyond. Ill now turn the call over to Raj Kalathur for closing comments.
Rajesh Kalathur: Before we respond to your questions, I want to share a few thoughts about our performance in 2017 and what we see in store for the year ahead. First, its noteworthy that Deere has been able to perform so well for the North American market for large farm equipment, running at such a low level. Even in 2018, with the sales on the upswing we see the US market for things like large tractors, for example remaining over 25% below what we consider to be a mid-cycle level. So, there is lots of upside potential there when the market recovers. Our ability to maintain strong performance under these conditions preach to our success establishing a broad product line up including small tractors and turf equipment as well as a more profitable international presence. The second point concerns structural cost. Our performance in 2017 and our forecast for the year ahead provide clear evidence of the progress weve made reducing structural cost. This is helping us generate strong incremental margins and impressive cash flow which we are using to make investments in technology and growth. We remain committed to further bringing down structural cost and it will remain a priority for Deere in the future. Finally, a thought about Wirtgen, needless to say we remain excited about the many opportunities for growth that Wirtgen will bring to John Deere, thanks in large part to the worlds growing need for roads and infrastructure. The Wirtgen acquisition also underscores the financial strength of our company consider that in the coming weeks Deere will conclude a $5 billion plus acquisition by far the largest in our history, fund the acquisition with a relatively low amount of debt and still maintain a very strong balance sheet even after the deal is completed, we believe our net debt-to-capital ratio for the equipment ops will be in the mid 20% range and that will improve throughout 2018 given the strong cash flow we are expecting. All-in-all then, we have great confidence in Deeres present course backed by solid performance in 2017 and our strong outlook for the year ahead. We firmly believe the company is in a prime position to capitalize on the worlds increasing need for advance equipment and is set to deliver stronger and more consistent results in the future.
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Raj. Now, were ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and are hope to a lot more you to participate in the call please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask you to rejoin the queue. Katy?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we would like to begin the question-and-answer session portions of the conference. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Andrew Casey: Just wanted to ask a couple of questions about the Ag and Turf outlook. Within the 9% revenue growth specifically the 10% core growth expectation, are you including any expectations for potential dealer restock actions?
Tony Huegel: If you think about and Im guessing the tip of that question is specifically targeted towards a large Ag in the US and Canada.
Andrew Casey: Yes.
Tony Huegel: And the answer there would be at this point we would be forecasting pretty much in line type of shipment in terms of retail. So, we would not be anticipating at this point in the year increasing any receivables in our field inventory on large Ag in the US and Canada. So, basically again think about it at this point building to retail demand.
Andrew Casey: Okay. Thank you, Tony. And then...
Tony Huegel: So, were going to have  I hate to say were going to have to limit to one question, there is a lot of people in the queue and we want to be fair to the others.
Andrew Casey: Okay.
Tony Huegel : Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs & Company. Your line is now open.
Jerry Revich: Tony, Im wondering if you could just talk about where your dealer used equipment inventories stand today and how much progress have you made over the past quarter? And just frame for us the ratio of used versus new equipment sales that the dealers are seeing in 17 compared to long-term averages if you could?
Tony Huegel: Sure yes, I think maybe the best way to think about used equipment is as we start to say really through 2017 and we continue to say our used equipment levels especially as it relates to large ag equipment has shifted really to being more supportive of the ability for our dealers to sell new equipment. So, we are making continued progress on that large ag inventory. And I think if you put it in context we have if you look on products like combines and four-wheel drive tractors, those used levels are today at levels that we really havent seen since kind of 2010 timeframe. The one challenge we would continue to have that were still working on would be on large row-crop tractors. And again, I want to emphasize the position is much better today than it would have been 12 to 18 months ago but it is an area of continued focus for us as we go into 2018. Alright?
Jerry Revich: So, can you frame the used versus new sales, can you just give us some context on that?
Tony Huegel: Again, I think it would still be in line. Again, as weve gone through the year, our dealers obviously theyve focused on bringing down those used. Youd see a little higher than normal level of used to bring those down. I think on tractors we would anticipate a continuation of that going forward. But clearly, we are seeing some strength in the new sales as well, partly and due to the fact that dealers have been very successful in getting those used inventories more right sized.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse Securities. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook : Tony, just, sorry to focus so much on the large ag equipment market but you talked a little bit about your early order program. Can you just sort of provide more color across product line, how much visibility you have and how much the order book is up both for ag in the US as well as construction on an organic basis? Thanks.
Tony Huegel: You bet. Yes, and again as we talked about even last quarter on the kind of crop care early order programs as sprayers and planters up double-digits they did and so the early order program have ended up double-digits on those products. Again, keep in mind off a very low base. Our combine early order program, it will end in January but we did finish kind of the second phase of that. It also at this point is seeing some double-digit increase, now I want to be really carefully with that combine number because recognize this year our anticipation is we saw fairly aggressive orders early, it would anticipate those trailing off a bit still higher year-over-year but not necessarily that double-digit. Remember we were a high single-digit increase in 2017. So, seeing another year of strength from combines in 2018 is very encouraging. When you think about row-crop tractors those Waterloo tractors again remember those are not on an early order program. Think about that more as kind of a traditional sequential order. And we think about availability. Really pretty much across the board on those Waterloo tractors we would see availability further out than where we would have been a year ago. Some examples, if you look at 8R tractors, our availability is out in to kind of the March timeframe versus January to early February a year ago. Its just one example and thats pretty consistent and again thats based on our current production schedules that we are seeing that type of order volume. Maybe in summary and perhaps where I should have started is when you think about our order books relative to the forecast, our order coverage today on our original budget outlook is much stronger really across the board than what we would have seen a year ago. As we shift to C&F, I would say it is much, much stronger today versus what we would have seen a year ago at this point. We continue to see very, very strong orders for that division and again put that in context we would continue to say basically were a quarter out generally on availability. Obviously as retail needs come in, we shift that around a little bit to accommodate needs but most of first quarter is spoken for today on orders. So very excited about where were at from an order perspective going into 2018.
Operator: Our next caller question comes from Rob Wertheimer from Melius Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Wertheimer: Good, thank you. So, the question is a little bit like whats happened in the last month or three months and just how it feels. Stop me if I get something wrong but it seems as though your receivables inventories went up which I assume is a bullish sign rather than any kind of an issue or whatever? In October obviously AM sales were really, really strong, so is there any sort of inflection, I mean what do you attribute those two factors to and maybe just comment on what it feels like?
Tony Huegel: Sure. I would say you know certainly what were seeing in our outlook is really in what we saw in those early order programs and the tractor order book that I just talked about. I would say more as a confirmation of what we were seeing really kind of from mid-2017 forward, we talked about that replacement demand is appearing to come back and so from our perspective not a significant change. Again, it's encouraging for sure because until you actually see those orders, you know the sentiment is just that, it's sentiment. But that were seeing that translate into orders which is encouraging. I wouldnt read as it relates to North American Ag, I wouldnt read a lot into that receivables and inventory increase because most of that is related to outside the US in Canada, increases. And specifically, on the receivables versus what we had previously forecasted, it things like we talked in the last year where we did have a special deal with Turkmenistan, a large transaction and the timing of that can sometimes create differences in terms of whether its settled or not and that really is what happened at the end of year, that was a big part of that increase versus what we had forecast. So again, thats really just supportive of the strength weve seen outside of the US and Canada through 2017 not really any significant build at all and really no builds in the field inventories in the US and Canada.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan Securities. Your line is now open.
Ann Duignan: Yeah, hi good morning. I guess since J. B. is not there I'll ask question to Raj. With Construction & Forestry, you used to say that segment has earned its right to grow, but if we look at shareholder value add over the last two years its actually been negative. And if we look at the last four years, its basically been flat down $1 million actually. So, can you talk about the fact we also had impairments this quarter with impairments last year the same quarter. So, Raj, can you just talk about the risk of making a big acquisition in that segment, and what we should just -- how should think about that?
Rajesh Kalathur: Thanks for the question. Of course, I want to remind you that if you took the underlying numbers that we talked about for this year in terms of margins. Josh said, it will be 10.5% margins for C&F this year, it didnt include the working portion. Now the other part that you need remember is weve had these growth investments in Brazil and in China that actually pull our overall margins down. We look at the margins for the core business and we know it is pretty healthy. So thats one of the requirements we have for the division and thats coming along well. Now, supporting that as you know were getting to be larger overtime in the production class equipment and thats going to be positive for us longer-term and even at the businesses in South America like Brazil start coming up, our factory capacity is utilized better the margins will improve there too. So, we watch it very carefully and we know the underlying health of their Construction & Forestry business is pretty good, we want to make it better of course. And then even with the Wirtgen transaction that you think about the area that Wirtgen participate in and the type of premium they get, we anticipate as we mentioned on the call 11% to 12% tight margins on an ongoing basis even after some of their purchase accounting items. So, if you look at cash for that business thats almost 15% to 16%, cash EBIT type margin. So, overall that improves further our overall margins for C&F. So, yes, its doesnt look good on paper when you look at it as supported but its actually the underlying health of that business is very good.
Ann Duignan: And if you wouldnt mind just clarifying, where exactly where the impairment charges in those years?
Rajesh Kalathur: Okay. Last year impairment charges primarily for a couple of our units in Brazil and China. And this year impairment charges are for another foreign entity thats not Brazil and China, okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank Securities. Your line is now open.
Nicole DeBlase: Hi, so I guess around Ag & Turf incremental margins. I think you guys said that youre implying a step up to 35% next year and 40% ex-items. So, given that material cost is still higher and youve talked about a little bit of incentive compensation pressure. If you could talk about the key drivers of those pretty robust incremental margins in your guidance?
Tony Huegel: Yes, and again we do not have significant material increases currently in the forecast for next year. So, we certainly had in 2017 but I would say 18 at least in the initial guide is relatively flat and that again is weve talked a lot about the cost reduction programs helping to offset some of that higher cost. As you think about obviously higher volumes will help, price realization will help, to be fair, we would be forecasting some lower warranty expense. Those would all be certainly helping from an operating profit perspective. On the flip side, we also have talked about and its clearly in the guidance higher R&D and much of that increased R&D is related to our agricultural side of the business. And specifically, large ag products as we start looking at new generation of products there as well there is some unfavorable mix, [indiscernible] lot of added is due to parts as well. And remember a complete good increase parts as a percent of the total tends to come down a bit. And then again, some higher S, A&G which as you mentioned would include some of that incentive comp. It also includes things like South American business in particular improves some higher dealer commissions that flow through into those -- into that SA&G. So those are really kind of the key drivers there as we look going forward. But again, I think as Raj mentioned and Josh as well, I think its really just evidence of the strength that the structural cost reductions are bringing and improvements that its making to the overall business to see those types of incremental.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Fischer from UBS Securities. Your line is now open.
Steven Fischer : Raj, thanks for the color on the 25% below mid cycle. I was wondering if you could sort of frame the trough and peak levels you see there in ag that kind of support that number? Because I think that would imply something like $27 billion to $28 billion of a mid-cycle ag revenue number which compares to about $29 billion plus peak. So, I was just kind of wondering how youre thinking about framing what trough and peak would be with 25% below on a 2018 number?
Tony Huegel: Yes, this is Tony. Keep in mind that was specific to large Ag in the US and Canada, and not the total Ag business. So, if you look at our current forecast for 2018 we would be closer to 90% of mid cycle for the total division. But again, I think the point is these types of returns are being recognized when our largest most profitable portion of that business is down pretty significantly and continues to be down pretty significantly. We talked all along that versus peak of 2013 large ag in the US and Canada were down 60% or more. And you are starting to see us come off of those trough levels that are still at relatively low level. So, the good news there is as the recovery continues for those large Ag products. There is a lot of additional opportunity for profitability and certainly incremental margins as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Tiss from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss : One clarification and then a question on the clarification for Raj. On the consolidated balance sheet, the inventories are $692 million but on the cash flow statement, it's closer to a $1.2 billion of negative working capital and when you deconsolidate the balance sheet, the inventories are only up $564 million. So, I just wondered if you could get to the bottom of that. And then the question is, is the cost per sales drop from 77 to 75, is that a structural change just because youre including Wirtgen or is there something else behind that? Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, actually the Wirtgen numbers dont change that cost of sales percentage significantly. I think if you look at cost of sales year-over-year, youre really seeing again benefit of some increased volumes as well as price realization but again it goes to as I mentioned previously, it's the benefit that were seeing from some of those structural cost reductions that are starting to come into play in that cost of sales as well. We will follow up maybe later on your question on cash.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi good morning. Just back to the comments on, you continue to pace this one with a structural savings you talk about and that initial 500 million that you targeted. Could you give us a sense of how much of that is remaining or how much of that you expect to achieve in 2018?
Tony Huegel: Yeah, you know I think really what we would say there is as business is continuing to grow, the short answer is were basically chosen not to give a specific number I think as we talk about even last quarter, you can see it in the incremental margins, we certainly continue to be committed there. But the challenge is we have as we talked about previously, you have a structural cost programs continuing to be ongoing but then you have other levers being released, were making different decisions around investments, R&D is probably the best example of that. That was an area that we were focused on when we were back in 2016 type of levels reducing R&D. Now as our businesses are starting to improve were shifting the focus there and at these levels feel the need that we need to step up some of the investment in those products again and so with all of those moving pieces, I think the way to think about the structural cost reduction is clearly in our view as being seen in the 2018 incrementals, at least in the underlying business and certainly you should expect to continue to see the benefit of that as we go forward. Again, well make decisions as we go forward how much of those structural cost reductions in the existing business are used to improve margins and how much of that is used to invest for future growth and thats again consistent with what weve said pretty much all along with the structural cost reductions.
Rajesh Kalathur: So, Joe Ill add that qualitatively, we would say weve been very successful in our journey respect to structural cost reductions. Now as Tony mentioned, we can still a leverage we have added because of volume coming up, material inflation that weve compensated in 17 an additional R&D that were investing in and growth investments were making and still delivered very strong incremental margins. I mean with 17 and 18 youll see that significant benefit to cost reduction exercise is delivered. Now, to your other part of your question, we do plan to further drive this effort in 2018 and beyond. So, clearly not done, we have more to get, we have been very successful today, we have more to get.
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Thein with Citi Group Global Markets. Your line is now open.
Timothy Thein: Thank you. Good morning. Tony, first just maybe a clarification on your comments earlier on the combine early order program in North America being up double-digits. My impression with that is that typically the first phase accounts for a much higher percentage of orders just because of the incentives are higher and then they kind of ratchet it down as you go through that. So, I guess my question is just with the discount structure change this year? Just I want to make sure I appreciate your comment, because again I would think that it would always be higher in that first phase.
Tony Huegel: That is certainly true and it would be still be true this year. I think the difference is as we go deeper into the program the anticipation is that where last year those orders remained actually pretty strong through the entire program we would expect it to come off a little bit versus what we saw last year. Again, I want to be clear on that early order program, our anticipation is that the combines orders will be higher year-over-year, I just want to be careful with the double-digits.
Timothy Thein: Okay. And just dove tailing on that Tony, just on the revenue progression for the year in Ag & Turf as we move beyond 1Q, the math would suggest that were going to be moving into a down organic year-over-year change in the back half of the year. Is there something contributing that you would highlight there contributing to that?
Tony Huegel: Well, again when you think about first quarter, remember again its a strength of the seasonal the spring season equipment or sprayers and planters in particular youre going to see some impact of that in our first quarter. And again, I want to be really careful as I talked about last year when you think about year-over-year changes in the quarter, remember were still at pretty low levels especially large Ag in the US and Canada. So, as we contemplate the best manufacturing schedules that are going to be for us as we go into the next year, you may see some quarters that are stronger or weaker than you would typically see at least in the year-over-year comparison, you saw that last year where we had a very, very strong second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter werent quite as strong versus what you saw in the second quarter. But for the year, very strong results and again thats what were trying to setup from manufacturing perspective whats the most cost-effective schedule thats going to drive the most profitability and the most efficiency for the year. So, you may see some quarterly shifts here and there, but again its just us trying to accommodate the increased schedule as efficiently as we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi. Good morning, guys. I actually wanted to ask about smaller Ag, because it sounds like that in the prepared commentary that the mix was a little bit more to the small side in terms of the new product and then so forth. And can you just flesh that out a little bit or do you think that youre gaining share there. Do I have it right at that it will be kind of a higher mix in the 2018. And yeah, any color there would be great.
Tony Huegel: Yeah. Today, in our forecast -- youre exactly right, as you think about mix it is actually what while large Ag is certainly strengthened in US and Canada the mix is slightly negative for us in Ag for the current forecast. Some of that is due if you think about small equipment, the strength of the industry continues to be very high, so certainly not seeing that come off any. And coupled with that we do have some new products that would be coming into the market and of course that often results in some higher shipments for us versus the industry. So, if you look at our shipments versus industry outlook, yes, we would outperform but a lot of that is due to some of that new equipment and filling channel with that new equipment that tends to occur. And so, our sales mix will be a bit different than what we would say the mix is for the industry retail sales in 2018. So, you are exactly right but I think underline that I think about strength -- continued strength in small ag and some additional benefit for us with new products thats driving that.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Raso : My question relates to the Wirtgen business 2018 to 2019. Tony, you made a statement earlier about -- you gave a standalone margin which is helpful. But I think the real number was kind of run rate company with dealer amortizations about 11% to 12% margin. Is that correct?
Tony Huegel: Yes, thats correct. So, as you think about 2019 that would be the one -- at least -- again keep in mind these are very preliminary assumptions. We would expect next quarter to have a lot more specifics that we can share around that. But that 11% to 12% is what you should think about as we go into 2019. The caution I would give thereof maybe the upside to that number is it does not include any assumptions for synergies. So, to the extent we start to see some synergy benefit in 2019, that would be additive to those margins.
David Raso : I mean thats the genesis -- basically it appears, if youre doing a 2.5% margin this year and the run rate with your amortization is 11.5%, it implies theres almost 280 million in this years guidance thats one-time in nature, inventory step-up, other transactional fees. And then in 19 you get a full year where you have say a month to two months of Wirtgen that may be a 12%, 12.5%, we can swag the synergies as we like. But I mean just it seems you be implying like $0.70 delta from 2018 Wirtgen to 2019 Wirtgen. I just want to make sure were on the same page.
Tony Huegel: No, I would not take exception to any -- I mean again you can make the swag on what you think synergies may do but it you're understanding that guide correctly.
Rajesh Kalathur: So, Dave I think overall again I want to reinforce that its very preliminary. Now whats going well there is the underlying strength of the industry on a worldwide basis where road, construction, infrastructure thats strong tailwinds, plus the market position this entity has. Those things work really well. On a cash basis, if you embedded it's even better than the 11% to 12% that we talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mig Dobre with Robert W. Baird & Company. Your line is now open.
Mig Dobre : Tony, maybe you can comment a little more about replacement demand because obviously cash receipts in your forecast are down so are commodity prices and you know Im wondering exactly what the trigger here, is it simply related to fleet age or is this related to productivity, product introductions? Any help would be appreciated?
Tony Huegel: Yeah, I think again this is similar to what weve really talked about through a lion's share of 2017. You know as we more forward, certainly the strength that were seeing in large Ag is not coming from improved fundamentals, were seeing pretty similar type of receipts and income levels year-over-year, slightly higher in 17 looking at least at initial forecast to 18 slightly lower but kind of flattish in both years. But what we are recognizing is that at these levels most farmers are making some level of income. Okay, and I think thats one factor that you have to keep in mind certainly not what they were making in 2012, 2013 but there is some profitability there. You also have the fact that weve gone a number of years at very, very low level so the equipment has begun to age a bit and so thats creating some demand and it sounds like everything you just said. We have continued to invest in our business and so we continue to bring efficient new product and new features into the market, thats certainly contributes to the desire for customers to step back and in some cases its ways that they can actually reduce some of their breakeven points. If they get more efficient equipment thats using some of those inputs more efficiently to reduce the breakeven or improve their yields, those sorts of things again kind of speaks to the benefit of our precision technology as well. So, I would say its a combination of those things. So obviously it's going to be different for each farmer in terms of what ultimately is driving them back into the market. But thats what's going on with the customer side and we have a dealer network who has done a lot of hard work to reduce their used inventory and put themselves in a position where as farmers are willing and interested to step back in the market they can accommodate those sales today where they would have been much more challenged a year and half two years ago to do that. So again, kind of a wide range of factors that are driving that but again we think its really just underlined replacement demand that were seeing and we believe its very sustainable as well.
Rajesh Kalathur: Underlying customer economics I want to reinforce has been pretty good, not great but pretty good now for the last few years as well. Now couple of things when people focus on the commodity prices. The cost side of the farmers equation thats actually come down nicely and the other thing that lowers their breakeven point is the yield, the yield is grown. So, on the cost plus yield the economics is actually pretty good for the, while its not great but reasonably good and thats what is pulling this equation of demand and we expect this to continue and if the commodity prices come up you know then the opportunity opens up even a lot more.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry de Maria from William Blair & Company. Your line is now open.
Larry de Maria: Hi, good morning. Just to shift gears a little bit here and if you could talk maybe a little bit detail around Blue River where this is going to how you monetize it and maybe some of the financials. I think it was $300 million and related to that does the SVA model applies here or could we assume that maybe youre willing to take some bigger bets for technology away from the SVA model going forward?
Tony Huegel: Yeah. I'm going to be really brief on just again just in the interest of time. But keep in mind, as we talk about the Blue River the interest we have in that company really was around the machine learning technology, that is and continues to be an investment in future technology. And so, it isnt expected to be a revenue driver certainly in the short-term but there are wide range of areas where we think that machine learning technology really will take us into that next generation of intelligence. Blue River is the most advanced company in that regard and puts us clearly in the lead towards implementing that in product. But, in the short-term again thats an investment in future technology, while you see in 2018 and our outlook it is the cost up and we would expect certainly long-term see some very positive returns from that investment, but its more of a long-term play versus short-term.
Rajesh Kalathur: Yeah. The investments -- the terms are going to come in all the other equipment that very use this technology.
Tony Huegel: Exactly, yeah. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Seth Weber: Just wanted to go back to Rajs comment in his prepared remarks about increasing profitability in some markets outside North America. Is there any granularity around that, is it a function of better distribution, better mix, is the competitive environment changing? Maybe talk about Europe and Latin America specifically. Thank you.
Rajesh Kalathur: Yeah. I mean Latin America as an example is one that we would point to, now one, if you look at where the market is headed, it is growing more in the large Ag side which help us, we have broader base of products that we offer in Latin America and these are large Ag type products you know planters sugarcane harvest, cotton pickers and sprayers and so on in addition to the combines and tractors. So, all of those actually help us. Now the other factor you would think about is Argentina, that market opening up and there is pent up demand in Argentina, it helped us well. But in general, our ability to manufacture locally and successfully grow our share especially in the large Ag side has helped grow profitability there as well. So that would be one example.
Seth Weber: Okay. I mean can you just talk about the competitive environment there in Latin America as the business environment has softened a little bit here, in the last few months?
Rajesh Kalathur: Yeah. Again, the competitive environment has always been there. So, again we focus on the areas where we can offer a differentiated product and command a differentiated margin. And thats what we are focused on and industry growth has actually helped us.
Tony Huegel : Thank you, Seth. And with that we will conclude our call. As always, well be around to take additional questions as we go through the day. And appreciate your time. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes todays conference. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-08-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director of Investor Relations Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer J. B. Penn - Senior Advisor, Office of the Chairman Josh Jepsen - Manager, Investor Communications
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Timothy Thein - Citi Group Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners Ann Duignan - J. P. Morgan Steven Fischer - UBS Securities Michael Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Capital Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Deere & Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are, Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer, Dr. J. B. Penn, our Senior Advisor to office of the Chairman and Josh Jepsen, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's third quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2017. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our Web site at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our Web site at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Josh?
Josh Jepsen: Earlier today, John Deere reported another quarter of strong performance, as the Company continue to benefit from improving marketing conditions throughout the world. We're seeing higher overall demand for our products with farm machinery sales in South America experiencing strong gains and construction equipment sales rising sharply. The Company's performance is also being helped by an advanced product portfolio and the continuing impact of applicable cost structure and lien asset base. Now, let's take a closer look at our third quarter results, beginning on slide three; net sales and revenues were up 16% to $7.8 billion; net income attributable to Deere & Company was $642 million; EPS was $1.97 in the quarter. On slide four, total worldwide Equipment Operations net sales were up 17% to $6.8 billion; price realization in the quarter was favorable by 1 point; currency translation did not have a material impact in the quarter. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, let's start with Ag & Turf on slide five. Net sales were up 13% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison due to higher shipment volumes and price realization, partially offset by higher warranty cost. All regions contributed to the sales increase. Operating profit was $685 million, up 20% from 571 million last year. This was a result of higher shipment volumes and price realization, partially offset by increased production costs, higher warranty cost and higher selling, administrative and general expenses. The quarter also benefited from a gain on the sale of Deeres remaining interest in SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc., which contributed just below 2 points of operating margin. For more details regarding the transaction, please see the notes in today's earnings release. Operating margins were 12.8% for the quarter. In the quarter-over-quarter comparison, the SiteOne impacted minimal as both periods benefitted from SiteOne sale. Before we review the industry sales outlook, I'll now turn the call over to Dr. J. B. Penn for commentary on the global Ag economy. J. B.?
J. B. Penn: Thanks, Josh. Good morning, everyone. I will try to provide a very brief high level view of how were sizing up the global agricultural economy at the moment; a few supporting slides are included in the presentation. Here we are in mid-August experiencing yet another good growing season, following four previous seasons of near ideal weather for global agriculture. Food demand remains very robust, and with the forecast for another abundant crop, the fundamental outlook basically is for more of the same, a continuation into the future of the current market condition. Nevertheless, it is highly notable that the global grain supply use balance is tightening somewhat with consumption outpacing production for the first time since 2012, suggesting that the commodity markets could be increasingly sensitive, going forward. Likewise, protein markets, such as Dairy, are also now more in balance globally with prices and farmer incomes improving from recent seasons. We now have enough experience following the record high 2012 prices to suggest that recent commodity price trading ranges can now be expected for the future, moving upside with any significant adverse weather events, but with minimal downside risk. New floors -- new price floors have been established by shift in the own farm cost structure and the market fundamentals. Now, the USDA August world agriculture supply-demand estimates reported last week, clarified the U.S. crop situation considerably. It reaffirm that overall demand remains very strong, forecasting another increase in global grain consumption for the 22nd consecutive year. While 2017 is not as weather perfect as the previous four years, it still is proving to be quite good worldwide. The [Wazi] report also forecast ample supplies of corn and soybean from large acreages. Even so, as shown on the chart on slide eight, we see the global supply use ratio for all grains, excluding China, forecast to fall significantly, approaching 15%, which would imply a global 59 day supply versus the lowest ever recorded of 52 days. Now, when we look at farmer margins in the U.S., we see crop farmers build-out positive margins from the marketplace supplemented by the government program benefits. Notably, a turnaround in farm income is forecast for calendar 2017, the first increase since the peak in 2013. Our experience is suggesting that traditional farmer capital purchase patters are returning; now that used equipment inventories are approaching more traditional levels. The agricultural credit situation still is relatively good across the sector; loan volume has increased to be sure; we see that in the John Deere financial revolving credit line; but most repayment and creditworthiness indicators and the John Deere financial portfolio loan loss experience, still are well within the normal balance. Another recent USDA report showed average U.S. farm real estate values rose 2.3% in 2017 after a slight decline in 2016, which was only the second decline in the past three decades. Overall, crop land value however remains flat, as shown on slide 10, but with a slightly mixed picture across the major farming regions; that is prices declined 16% in the corn-belt but belter prices rose 3%. Cash rents remains sticky, lagging changes in land prices; crop land cash rent, shown in slide 11, declined in 2016 from 2015 but remained unchanged in 2017; rental rate changes were mix in major agricultural states, slightly down in some but notably higher in others. The USDA data suggests that with current commodity price ranges, farmers for the most part, are still willing to pay the current rental rates. Now, looking beyond North America. The agricultural economies in Latin America continue to improve again this year with record corn and soybean production and exports forecast for the season. Despite considerable political turmoil, our agriculture is increasingly robust, especially in Brazil and Argentina, with the rest of Latin American generally improved as well. Brazil is forecast to report the highest farm income in 30 years. The Black Sea region continues its expansion, experiencing even larger crops and export quantities along with improved farm economics. Grain exports will be record large in both Russia and Ukraine, and Russia now is a contender for number one wheat exporter, displacing both the U.S. and Canada. Elsewhere in the world, the agricultural economies are mostly stable with few significant events or developments. Marginal improvements continue to be evident in Europe, however. And now to summarize this overall view, let me note that geopolitical turmoil and political uncertainty continues to be the business backdrop as they have been all through the past year. And this always has the potential to be very disruptive to global food and agriculture market, thus than ever present short-term downside risk. But overall, the global agricultural economy this year is an improvement over last year and next year is expected to be marginally better yet again. Weather still is the market wild card, the driver of any significant upside price movement. Global food and agricultural trade still growing despite sluggish GDP growth, but the prospects are better for 2018 and 2019. New IMF forecast boost global GDP growth to 3.6% in '18 and 3.7% in '19 compared with 3.5% forecast for this year; all of these increases boding well for continued strength in income growth and food demand. And I will end with a reminder that the long term global tailwinds still are with us; food trends in population and urbanization growth, along with continued income growth and dietary improvements, still characterize the global agriculture business backdrop. Now, back to you Josh.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks J. B. Turning to our 2017 Ag & Turf industry outlook on slide 12, which are largely unchanged from last quarter. Industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are forecasted to be down about 5% with the effect felt in both large and small models of equipment. There has been a lot of conversations regarding the trend in the retail sales in U.S. and Canada for tractors of 100 horsepower and above. It's important to note that in the third quarter, over 80% of Deere sales in this category were below 220 horsepower. As noted previously, it does appear the large ag market is stabilizing. Signs supporting the stabilization include; a considerably lower rate of industry sales decline in 2017 versus the past two years; a used equipment environment that is supportive of sales; and, increased demand for spring seasonal products. This is particularly true for what were seeing in planters and sprayers in the first phase of our early order program for 2018 with orders up strongly. EU28 industry outlook is flat to down 5% in 2017. Sentiment is improving in the region due to higher dairy and solid livestock margins. Dairy and livestock make up about half of farm incomes in the EU28. However, low crop prices and edible farm incomes continue to weigh on the market. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be up about 20% in 2017. In Brazil, the transition to the FINAME plan for 2017-2018 has gone smoothly. The government is ongoing committed agriculture, coupled with strong margins are continuing to improve farmer confidence. Sentiment and demand Argentina remains strong as well. Shifting to Asia, sales are expected to be flat to down slightly. Turning to another product category. Industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be about flat in 2017. Putting this all together, on slide 13, fiscal year 2017 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be up about 9% versus 2016 with currency translation contributing about 1 point. The year-over-year increase is driven by growth in our overseas markets, and is also benefiting from lower beginning filed inventories. Our Ag & Turf division operating margin is forecast to be 11.58% in 2017. The implied incremental margin for the year is about 40%. Excluding the impact of onetime items, like SiteOne and the voluntary employee separation program, incremental margins are roughly 30%. Now, let's focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 14. Net sales were up 29% in the quarter, mainly a result of higher shipment volumes, partially offset by higher sales incentive expenses. Operating profit was $110 million in the quarter, up from $54 million last year. The increase was driven by higher shipment volumes, partially offset by higher selling, administrative and general expenses, higher sales incentive expense and increased production costs. Operating margins were 7.4%, nearly 3 points higher than in last years third quarter. Moving to slide 15. The economic fundamentals affecting the construction and forestry industries in North America are cause for continued optimism; GDP growth is positive; job growth continues; construction spending is up from 2016 levels; housing starts are expected to exceed 1.25 million units this year; and home inventories are near 35 year lows; construction investment is forecast to grow in 2017 by about 3%, led by rebounding oil and gas and residential activities; commercial and institutional construction continued to increase moderately; machinery rental utilization rates have improved in each of the last six months, and rental rates are beginning to gain positive traction; and, used inventories has continued to come down in the past quarter. All in all, our outlook reflect the strong order book, as well as what we've seen in the way of retail sales growth over the last six months. Moving to our C&F outlook on slide 16. Deere's Construction & Forestry sales are now forecast to be up about 15% in 2017, largely driven by demand in the U.S. and Canada. The forecast for global forestry markets is down about 5% to 10%, a result of lower sales in U.S. and Canada. C&F's full year operating margin is now projected to be about 6.6% with an implied incremental margin of about 27%. Let's move now to our Financial Services operations. Slide 17 shows the provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio. The financial forecast for 2017, shown on the slide, contemplates a loss provision of about 27 basis points, slightly lower than the previous forecast. This will put the losses just above the 10-year average of 26 basis points but below the 15-year average of 34 points. Moving to slide 18, worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $131 million in the third quarter versus $126 million last year. The improvement was primarily due to lower operating lease losses, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses and higher selling, administrative and general expense. Financial Services 2017 net income attributable to Deere & Company is forecast to be about $475 million, unchanged from the previous forecast. Slide 19 outlines receivables and inventories. For the Company, as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter, up $867 million due to increases in both the Ag & Turf and C&F division. We expect to end 2017 with total receivables and inventories up about $950 million with increases in both of our equipment divisions. Regarding the increase in Ag & Turf, the majority comes from inventories. Increases related to receivables are driven by our overseas markets as North American receivables are down year-over-year. Currency translation had a significant impact in the overall change for the quarter and in the full year forecast. Slide 20 shows cost of sales as a percent of net sales. Cost of sales for the third quarter was 77.1%. Our 2017 cost of sales guidance remains about 77% of net sales. When modeling 2017, keep in mind the unfavorable impacts of raw material prices, the emissions cost, incentive compensation, voluntary separation expenses and pension and overhead expense. On the favorable side, we expect price realization of about 1 point, but slightly favorable sales mix and savings related to the voluntary employee separation program. Now, let's look at some additional details. With respect to R&D on slide 21, R&D was down 1% in the third quarter and is forecast to be down about 1% for the full year. Moving to slide 22, SA&G expense for the Equipment Operations was up 12% in the third quarter with the main drivers being incentive compensation, commissions paid to dealers and acquisition related activities. Our 2017 forecast calls for SA&G expense to be up about 11%. Most of the full year change is expected to come from incentive compensation, voluntary separation expenses, commissions paid to dealers, acquisition related activities and currency exchange. Acquisition related activities are in large part related to our planned acquisition of the Wirtgen Group, which was announced earlier in the quarter. Turning to slide 23, the Equipment Operations tax rate was 27% in the quarter due mainly to discreet items. For 2017, the full year effective tax rate is now forecast in the range of 30% to 32%. Slide 22 shows our Equipment Operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the Equipment Operations is forecast to be about $2.9 billion in 2017. The Company's financial outlook is on slide 25. Net sales for the fourth quarter are forecast to be up about 24% compared with 2016. Our full year outlook now calls for net sales to be up about 10%, which includes about 1 point of price realization and currency translation impact of about 1 point. Finally, our full year 2017 net income forecast is about $2.075 billion. In closing, were well on our way to complete another good year. The Company's ability to deliver consistently strong financials, as we've done throughout 2017, is proof of our success building the more durable business model. In addition, we are continuing to find ways to make our operations more efficient and profitable, while providing even more value to our growing global customer base. As a result, were confident Deere is well positioned to continue its strong performance and longer term, to fully capitalize on the worlds increasing need for advanced machinery and services well into the future.
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Josh. We're now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. Raj, J. B. and I, are available for your questions. In consideration of others, though, and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. The operator will now instruct you on the following procedure.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session of todays conference [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook: I guess my first question or I guess I am only allowed one question. In the ag margins, the incremental margins, if you adjust for SiteOne, disappointed in the quarter. So Ill someone else ask about the quarter. But I guess longer term, why shouldn't we have less confidence in your ability to deliver above average incremental margins in ag, or as we're looking out, or the material costs or warranty or price. I mean, should that improve longer term? And are we on track with $500 million savings, because that would also impact the margins. So just longer term your ability to deliver incremental margins in ag. Thanks.
Tony Huegel: I think certainly, especially if you look into quarter. But if you look at the full year I mean you have, as Josh mentioned in the opening comments from an incremental perspective; if you strip out those one-time items, like SiteOne from a positive side, voluntary separation, those sorts of things; youre still on the neighborhood of 30% and that was incremental for ag, and that's not with a real strong mix from a large ag perspective; there's some positive mix for our ag on the year, but most of that's coming from slight positive with parts, not so much from the completed side of things. But you're also -- as we talked about throughout the year, weve seen pretty significant headwinds on material costs; the higher rates than we would have anticipated certainly going into the year and what we have had anticipated around the 500 million savings; so those headwinds -- we'll see what happens with steel costs and other commodity costs if you go into 2018. Currently, our forecast would imply flattish, not the improvement we had hoped for. Last quarter, we were anticipating we receive some softening. As we go into 2018, most of the outlook today that we're looking at would stay more flattish to at least the lion share of 2018; but not headwinds year-over-year like we saw this year from an increase. The other thing you mentioned, warranty. And I think we did talk about that in the quarter. And I think it's worth spending maybe a little bit of time, because if you look at the underlying ongoing rate of warranty claims that actually starting to come down a bit. And then talking specifically in ag, because that's the area that weve talked about this quarter. But what's occurred in the quarter is -- and you're I think aware of it, Jamie; occasionally, well choose to proactively fix certain product issues that have been identified in the field; and we refer to those as product improvement programs. And it really relates to -- we have very strong focus on customer satisfaction and product quality. And so when we identify those things, we want to make sure they got taken care off right away. In those situations, we accrue the costs for those repairs or for that program in the quarter that the program is identified or launched. And so you tend to get lumpy charges from those product improvement programs, because of an accrual upfront; we've had a few of those in the quarter; if you step back I know one of the concerns maybe around quality. But remember, we have launched a very large number of new products in recent years, primarily related to emission requirements. And as a result of that with that higher level of new product that has entered the market, weve seen a bit of an increase in those product improvements programs; and again, especially in the quarter. And that primarily what drove the higher warranty in the quarter. I would remind you also that we did increase our parts warranty program in earlier in the year. And so that does have a little bit of increase on the ongoing warranty rate versus what we would have seen a year ago. But the biggest issue in the quarter really was around those improvement programs, which theoretically won't repeat at least at these levels as we go into 2018.
Raj Kalathur: Jamie, this is Raj. Let me just add to what Tony talked about, and your question about margins, going forward. There is a lot of noise in this quarter and thats why we say, hey look at the full year. And then beyond that, were just at the nascent stage in terms of cycle, especially when you think about large ag North America. So thats a mix shift better as to Tonys point, this can get better. Remember, we are still a very low percent of mid-cycle. So at these levels, these margins when it's structural enough, it's a good bet. Now $500 million above, youre on track with the $500 million and we could have been even ahead, but for the material inflation headwind, Tony talked about. So if material inflation is flat, like where it is right now fuel prices that might offer some additional help. Now, if you remember we said direct material cost reductions of 2.5% per year is what weve baked in with, so structural cost reduction. So we are getting that 2.5% structural direct material cost reduction pretty much. But we also said were expecting about 0.5 of that being eaten away by FX and material inflation; this year, it's more than 0.5, even away where material inflation. So, if that changes and as we accumulate even more structural direct material cost reduction, margin should improve even further. Now one thing I'll add is let's keep in mind that it's going to get harder to pin point the portion of the improvement coming from the structural cost reduction we talked about as things start improving and the cycle goes up. Well have some leverage come back at. So it will be hard to pin point leverage versus structural cost reductions, but well try our best to talk about it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jerry Revich: On used equipment inventories, you mentioned a couple of times that inventories have come down. Can you just flush that out a little bit more for us, how much are used equipment inventories down over the course of the cycle from the peak? And if you could share months of supply in absolute that would be helpful, and any color on combined versus large tractor as well. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Really what I'm looking at in the numbers I pulled for late, specifically the large ag in total. So I dont have details in front of me in combines and tractor, for example. But I dont believe theyd be significantly different; combines, remember were in better shape, so I guess most of the reduction will be in tractors. But if you look at large ag in total, we would say at the end of our third quarter, were down about 37% from the peak, which would have been in summer of 2014. Last quarter, we were down about 36% and a year ago, at this time, we were down 23%. So if you think about over that last year, weve gone from down 23% to down 37%. So our dealers have done a great job of bringing those used inventories down. We're continuing to focus on that. Putting that in perspective, these are the lowest levels on an absolute basis since September of 2012. So the dealers again have pulled a lot of inventory out of the system, and it really goes part the comment to both Josh and J. B. made about that being a much more supportive environment for our dealers today as they work with our customers.
Jerry Revich: And Tony, were those absolute numbers in terms of lowest levels in 2012, or is that a month of supply. Can you just help us understand the difference [multiple speakers].
Tony Huegel: Thats on an absolute level.
Jerry Revich: And hows it looking months of supply?
Tony Huegel: I dont have that number in front of me. So Ill have to look that up and get back to you.
Raj Kalathur: And the other thing, Jerry, is you got to think about month of supply on a forward looking basis, it gets even better.
Operator: The next question is coming from Timothy Thein of Citi Group. Your line is open. 
Timothy Thein: The question is on product mix in North Americas Ag, specifically. I'm just curious, Tony, based on what do you see in terms of your early orders, you referenced earlier and as well as the inventory increase that you're projecting in terms of the channel inventory by year end. What does that tell you at least now as you look ahead to 2018 in terms of the mix, again specifically in North America large versus small. And may be how that would compare to what you expect to realize here in FY '17?
Tony Huegel: Certainly, if you look at large versus small in the U.S. and Canada, a percent of mid-cycle; small ag wouldnt be as far down, certainly; theyve performed much better through this down turn and thats the part of the positive story that we've had. So I think theres certainly, from that perspective theres always more upside on large ag. And when you think about early order programs, thats mostly visibility in the large ag. We dont tend to get that kind of visibility on small ag. At this point, we still be relying more on some of the economic modeling and dealer feedback and so on that well be getting. But on the early order program on those plants and the equipment and as well as sprayers, we're up double-digit. And I dont' want to go into the specific number simply because the number -- it is off relatively low level, those are product categories that were at the lower end of the range that large ag went to. But it's been very encouraging actually it's a bit stronger than what we would have anticipated. And so thats very positive in terms of the potential for large ag to continue the type of recovery that weve talked about as early as last quarter. Now, it's always caution around it at this point that was one phase of the program. But again, it does directionally point to another data point I guess that would point to a stronger year next year for large ag. Well see as we move through the quarter and as the combine early order program kicks in, remember that just started earlier this month. So it's very premature to talk about. Well give an update on that in fourth quarter. But again, most of those signs from customer sentiment to the orders that were starting to see would still be viewed as positive for 2018, as it relates to large ag.
Operator: The next question is coming from Joe O'Dea of Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Joe O'Dea: On the $500 million structural cost out that you targeted a year ago. Could you just talk about what current material costs due to that? And then where you think youll be by the end of this year, and any color you can give on cadence moving through 18, how we should think about the split in '18 and '19?
Raj Kalathur: So I think we have said, we have about $250 million out of that $500 million in this U.S. forecast so far, and that's roughly where we are as well. In spite of the signals that can hit them, weve had some material inflation. So if the material inflation wasnt that high even higher in terms of our overall -- meeting our overall goal of $500 million. So we are on track, which means we are on track to get to the $500 million by the end of 2018, so anything beyond the $250 million, youre going to see in the fiscal '18 numbers.
Tony Huegel: And just to clarify, remember that was $90 million in 2016 and then another $160 million in '17; so cumulatively $250 million towards by the end of this year.
Joe O'Dea: And then I think run rate in that $500 million when you exit '18, so fair to
Tony Huegel: Exactly, so you'll see the full benefit in 2019.
Joe O'Dea: If youre going to be run rating at the end of '18 that you get more than half of it next year of the remainder?
Raj Kalathur: Fair.
Tony Huegel: Yes, I think thats fair, yes.
Operator: The next question is coming from Ann Duignan of J. P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Ann Duignan: There is little to no downside risk to commodity prices from here. If we -- if Argentina
Tony Huegel: Could you start your question over, we missed the very first part of your question. It was almost as if you were on mute. So could you start over please?
Ann Duignan: Yes, sure. As far as J. B., I think in J. B.s remarks he commented that there was little to no downside risk to commodity prices from here. And I would just like to hear his thoughts on the notion that Argentina is expected to grow, or it take plans, 10% to 15% more corn, preserves likely to plant at least flat if not more beans. And if they were to get any kind of trending season like they got picks here and then stock used would rise again and in that scenario, commodity prices would see, likely see a downtick. Could you just address that J. B., and the notion that there is no downside risk?
J. B. Penn: First of all, you have to take 10 or 15 year look at the overall situation. You'll remember before 2006, the trading range for corn, let's say, was something in the $1.75, $2.25 range for most time periods, barring adverse weather; then after 2006, we had ethanol and then we've had lot of other significant changes; 2012 we had the drought and the price records were set. And then the big question was, where will the normal trading range be when we come back from these abnormalities? Well, while we were in those periods, the owned farm cost structure shifted; I mean, look at land prices and cash rents, for instance. So we can't move back to $2 corn over the long term, simply because the cost structure is such that it's just not practical. So the expectation is after three or four years now since 2012, we're seeing corn trade in a price range of something like $3.60 to $4 in a quarter, something like that. So when you look at farmers profit margin that's consistent; when you look at cash grants, when you look at fuel and feed costs, the cost structure has adjusted. So that's why we're at about the -- we're at probably a long term floor price; adverse weather of course will cause the commodity prices to move well above that; and in some seasons, as you suggested, Brazil and Argentina may have bumper crops and we may press the prices a bit; but there will be adjustments. I mean the market still work; you'll see adjustments as we've seen this year in corn and bean acreage, not only here but all around the world now in the major exporting regions. So we think that the range now is that something like just for example $3.60 to $4.25 say for corn and it'll move around depending on weather scare. But by enlarge, if you had good weather every year, farmers in North America at least can still make money at that and I think in most of the exporting regions as well. So that's the background for that commentary. The expectations are that we've had now essentially almost fully five good years of weather; one of these days, there'll be an adverse weather event like we saw in 2012. So that's the background for that, Ann. Thanks for the question.
Operator: The next question is coming from Steven Fischer of UBS Securities. Your line is now open.
Steven Fischer: Just want to try and reconcile the slightly softer than expected Q3 revenues with the production and revenue guidance increases in Q4. Just wondering why you're raising Q4 revenue guidance? I think it was implied to be about 16%, 17% for the fourth quarter, last quarter. Now, it's implying somewhere around 24%. Is that really just a message about higher production and expected strength into 2018?
Tony Huegel: Well not. I think, how I would answer that is if you look at the sales forecast for the year, if you take out FX and keep in mind there's some brownie in there. So it appears in our guidance that FX was 100% of the change, but there was a little bit of volume increase as well in that sales forecast. But effectively it's unchanged. And so when you think about it from that perspective, while clearly we came in a little short in the third quarter from what we had anticipated, most of those sales simply shifted into the fourth quarter. So it is not a change in our annual guidance, it's just a difference year-over-year, which is always a danger in getting too focused on any individual quarter I would say the same thing from ours. And if you can have one quarter where you get certain expenses or positives that make the quarter look much worse or much better than it might otherwise; and so it's always important to put that in perspective to the full year. And I think from that when you look at it that way, our margins are still very strong year-over-year, especially when you consider some of the headwinds that we phased with just material alone. And so, I think thats still a very strong story, and one I think that we will continue to point to. Third quarter again specifically we talked about it. One example, we continue to have headwinds from material. And we had headwinds from warranty, those product improvement programs in the quarter. And while the sales were up considerably, remember were still at relatively low production level. And so as a result of that when you get some of those targets they do tend to be magnified and weigh a little heavier than what they would have a few years ago. And I think thats part of what transpires in the quarter, in particular.
Steven Fischer: But you also raised the trade receivables and inventory by $375 million, and I assume that was the restructuring of the increased production expectation. But maybe that was just a one-time [multiple speaker] third quarter?
Tony Huegel: I think that there is certainly, as you look at that receivable and inventory increase, I think absolutely, the message there should be the continued confidence and strength as we go into 2018. But keep in mind, as Josh mentioned in his opening comments. When you look at Ag & Turf, in particular, most of that was actually inventory increase and Deere inventory, as you start to ramp up those facilities a little bit earlier in the fourth quarter. There is very little receivable increase. In fact, what to the extent there was receivable, our dealer inventory increase, that was entirely outside the U.S. and Canada for Ag & Turf. And when you look at the U.S. and Canada dealer inventory, it's actually lower year-over-year on our forecast. So the implication that were pushing a bunch of sales out this year and effectively pulling them out of 2018 and into 2017, would absolutely not the correct at least if it relates to U.S. and Canada market.
Operator: The next question is coming from Michael Shlisky of Seaport Global Securities. Your line is now open.
Michael Shlisky: I just wanted to go back over your macro indicator slide for construction. I did notice that the outlook for government construction turned a bit negative here in this quarter. I was concerned that run rates at Wirtgen have softened a bit and weve ramped down our growth rate a bit for what you outlined to us back in June.
Tony Huegel: Well, keep in mind that the U.S. and Canada. And so as you think about Wirtgen, it was roughly a quarter of their sales are in the Americas; so not just U.S. and Canada, but all of the Americas, the bulk of their sales actually are coming from Europe and Asia; Europe is the biggest market and then Asia would also be another 25% or so. So again, I would not imply that at all in terms of what the opportunity might be for Wirtgen as we go forward.
Operator: The next question is coming from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research Company. Your line is now open.
Adam Uhlman: I wondering if we could start with Brazil and the order trend that youve seen since the government provided additional upside financing. Have you seen demand pick up? And then where do you see the market trending over the next six months? It seems like there is some cross currents with sugar and soybean pricing and currency like the potential headwinds. Could you may be flush that out for us?
Tony Huegel: I think as you think about Brazil, certainly and J. B. I know has been there recently, maybe go chime in as well. But demand continues to be very strong there. There is always a little bit of noise when you go through a transition from one harvest program to the next, and there was a little bit this time around. Although, as Josh mentioned in his opening comments, it was actually one of the more smooth transitions is what we've heard from our group there. So certainly, and again, we continue to view that market very favorably to the point of the strong income, those farmer customers continue to get experience. That tends to be a pretty positive view as we look out even into 2018. Remember, this is a market we have customers that have remained really pretty profitable even through the downturn and as that stabilization in the broader economy and political uncertainty began to firm up that when that market really took off and we would continue to believe this is really some of the early stages of a true recovery in that market.
J. B. Penn: I would only just add that, as Tony noted, we were there recently. We spend a lot of time with dealers and customers, and there is a very strong positive sentiment among them. Despite all of the politically theater, theyre still very optimistic about the agricultural prospects and the foreign market outlook about the currency. So all-in-all, as Tony said, the outlook is still very positive for Brazil.
Operator: The next question is coming from Andrew Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andrew Casey: Question is on Ag & Turf margin. The guidance for this year implies approximately 11% contribution margin in Q4; despite the revenue growth acceleration, thats a little lower than I get when I just Q3 for the SiteOne that occurred in both periods that comes out to about 15%, which is a little surprising; given up guessing, you're going to see lower warrant headwinds in Q4; and then potentially, more cost savings benefit; so couple of questions. First, why do you expect the step down in Q4 versus Q3 when it compare to the prior year? And then second, looking out to 2018; is it reasonable to think that Deere can get to about 30% incremental margins all-in or should we think about that performance ex-ing out whatever items and take into account, what looks like a little bit of a headwind?
Tony Huegel: Certainly, if you think about fourth quarter, remember again, Ill reiterate. While you're still seeing year-over-year higher sales, it's still a lower production month and you still have some pretty significant factories that have shutdowns during that fourth quarter and that would, maybe not to the extent year-over-year. But you're certainly still going to see those shutdowns. Material cost continues to be a headwind as we think about the fourth quarter. If we look at, if we exclude some of those onetime items, the incrementals do get a little better where well be approaching 20% plus; which is, again for fourth quarter, you cannot have quite as much leverage because of the lower level of production. Again, as you think about going into 2018, when you think about incremental margins it's very difficult to say because as we've talked about before mix matters pretty significantly in terms of where that sales growth is coming from. And remember, we do have -- year-over-year well have headwinds in comparisons for things like SiteOne that won't repeat in 2018. But on the flip side, we would expect not as much headwind on material cost, not as much headwind on things like warranty that weve talked about earlier. So well have to talk more about that in fourth quarter in terms of how all those things balance each other out, and what those margins may look like. But certainly as Raj pointed earlier, if we do start to see that large ag business continue to come back on a broad basis and see increases year-over-year at these lower levels, you should see some pretty attractive incrementals.
Operator: The next question is coming from Seth Weber of RBC. Your line is now open.
Seth Weber: I wanted to go back to construction for a minute. You guys did 10% of your indicator outlooks, while raising your revenue forecast. I'm just trying to understand how much of the raised forecast is actually retail demand versus just dealer re-stock? And can you comment on whether construction pricing is positive for the year within the positive 1% for the Company?
Tony Huegel: Yes. So when you think about construction, think about -- I'll say flattish price for the year. It is slightly better than what we would have been at a quarter ago. We would have been -- I still would if it's said flattish. But on the negative side, this is flattish on the positive side but not a ton of movement as you think about that. Again, remember for our order book the orders tend to be more dealer stock and in that particular business versus retail. Although, retail really beginning in that February time frame have been very positive, continue to be very positive. So that dealer optimism that we've heard and saw very early in the year is translating into retail sales. Now, when you think about that business in the order books, it continues to be very strong. Remember this is a business that tends to be, I'd say, on average 45 days out depending on the product. And most, if not all, of our fourth quarter production is already filled with orders behind that and dealer order, not retail orders. But that just kind of continues to be evidence that that market continues be very strong year-over-year, and not unlike larger ag, I mean, off of low level, but still seeing some nice uptick and that momentum doesnt seem to be slowing much. So we're hopeful that will continue well into 2018.
Raj Kalathur: Just to add to Tonys comment on the order book. Last quarter, we would have set the order book on a year-to-date basis was about 30% to 35% better than the previous year-to-date at that point. That number now, if you take the year-to-date orders for this year it's over 40%, same year-to-date numbers from last year. So stronger order book is one of the reasons you're seeing some of this additional increases.
Operator: Next question is coming from Joel Tiss of BMO. Your line is now open.
Joel Tiss: Is the incentive comp increase, is that all in your cost of goods, or does that include the higher share count too?
Tony Huegel: The incentive comp would be -- it would be split between cost of sales and SA&G, so it would be in both.
Joel Tiss: And then just
Tony Huegel: That split, by the way, is about 60-40. 60% cost to sales, 40% SA&G.
Joel Tiss: And just because that was a quick question, I see your cash levels grew to $6.5 billion in the quarter. Can you just comment, maybe Raj, about the potential to borrow up to $1 billion for the Wirtgen deal? Has that been adjusted or what are you thinking about that?
Raj Kalathur: The cash growing is essentially to get ready for the Wirtgen deal, you said Joel. So we still haven't borrowed what we said as up to $1 billion being euros so that'll happen between now and closing. And we expect to close Wirtgen in first quarter of '18. So you will see cash increase between now and closing.
Tony Huegel: And so expect when you see our fourth quarter numbers, you should anticipate seeing an even higher level of cash as we bring that cash back to equipment obviously to prepare for that.
Operator: Next question is coming from Sameer Rathod of Macquarie Capital. Your line is now open.
Sameer Rathod: The current administration is looking at Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 to investigate China trade. And there's been some indication that China can't hold key U.S. imports in response. My question is how likely these things does unfold, and what are the net impact from the U.S. and Brazilian farmers? Thank you.
Tony Huegel: There is a lot of uncertainty in the general food and agricultural trade arena, as you know. Just this week, the renegotiation of NAFTA is underway; there's rhetoric about an economic war with China; there's 201, 301 cases; all of this creates uncertainty in the food and agricultural area, especially in the U.S. And part of the reason for the heightened uncertainty is as you suggest, while aluminum or steel or some of these commodities are quite a long distance from the agricultural sector, the likelihood of retaliation is always there. And of course, the agricultural exports from the U.S. are a prime target for that. So that heightens the uncertainty that if we take trade action in one area of the economy then certainly because the U.S. is very prominent and agricultural exports, that could be an area that is very politically sensitive and one in which the other countries are likely to retaliate. So thats a danger. It's out there. Were monitoring it very closely, all of the trade developments in Washington and elsewhere in the world.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ross Gilardi of Bank of America Securities Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Ross Gilardi: Just wondering, can you provide an update on latest thoughts on Wirtgen and the prospects of any GAAP earnings accretion in 2018? Or should we still be thinking that restructuring charges and balance sheet adjustments and so forth, potentially offset that next year?
Raj Kalathur: Ross, all well say with respect to Wirtgen is, were on track. Were currently anticipating closing the transaction the first quarter '18. And as of 14th of August, the regulatory approvals are coming in as we have thought. So we have regulatory approvals from nine out of 15 countries. So two of the major ones, Europe and U.S., we have regulatory approvals for. We still have to get regulatory approvals from Russia and China. But once we close you will expect to hear more from us on this topic. Until then, we still have the same things that we told you when we announce Wirtgen. So we really dont have an update beyond that.
Tony Huegel: All right. Thank you. And again, we appreciate all of the participation and questions. As always, we will be available throughout the day for follow-up calls. Operator?
Operator: And that conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-05-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director, IR Joshua Jepsen - Manager, Investor Communications Rajesh Kalathur - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Steve Fisher - UBS Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse David Raso - Evercore ISI Group Michael Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Neil Frohnapple - Longbow Research Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank Research Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Sebastian Kuenne - Berenberg Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Stanley Elliott - Stifel Nicolaus Brett Wong - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer, and Josh Jepsen, Manager, Investor Communications. Today we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2017. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our Web-site at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our Web-site at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Josh?
Joshua Jepsen: Today, John Deere reported second quarter financial results and the story was a good one, with market conditions showing signs of further stabilization. On an overall basis, we are seeing modestly higher demand for our products, with the agricultural sector in South America staging a strong recovery. At the same time, our performance reflects the actions we have taken to expand our customer base and operate more efficiently. We're benefitting from the sound execution of our operating plans, the strength of our broad product portfolio and the steps we've taken to bring down structural cost. As a result of all these factors, we have raised our forecast and are now calling for significantly higher earnings for the full year. Now let's take a closer look at our second quarter results, beginning on Slide 3. Net sales and revenues were up 5% to $8.287 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $802 million. EPS was $2.49 in the quarter. On Slide 4, total worldwide Equipment Operations net sales were up 2% to $7.26 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 2 points. Currency translation did not have a material impact in the quarter. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, let's start with Agriculture & Turf on Slide 5. Net sales were up 1% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, primarily due to price realization. Operating profit was $1.003 billion, up from 614 million last year, a result of more favorable sales mix, price realization and the favorable effects of currency exchange. The quarter also benefited from a gain on the sale of a partial interest in SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc., which contributed about 3 points of operating margin. For more details regarding the transaction, please see the notes in today's earnings release. Operating margins were 17.3% for the quarter. Excluding the SiteOne impact, operating margins were about 3.5 points higher than last year's second quarter. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at fundamentals affecting the ag business. Slide 6 outlines U.S. farm cash receipts. Following a forecasted about 5% reduction in 2016 cash receipts, we expect 2017 total cash receipts plus government payments to be about $367 billion. This is roughly flat with 2016 as declines in meat animals and food grains cash receipts mostly offset gains in dairy and cotton cash receipts. On Slide 7, record soybean and corn production from South America is expected in 2016-2017. Global grain and oilseeds stocks-to-use ratios are forecast to remain at elevated but generally unchanged levels in 2016-2017 as abundant crops are mostly offset by strong demand around the world. Chinese grain stocks continued to increase in 2016 with supply, domestic production plus imports, outpacing demand. Chinese stocks of grains now represent almost half of the world's stock. Remember, these Chinese stocks are unlikely to be exported. That means the world market remains sensitive to major production setbacks, geopolitical disruptions or trade disputes. Our economic outlook for the EU28 is on Slide 8. Economic growth in the region is improving, though geopolitical risks remain elevated. Variable farm income remains below the long-term average due to high global grain stocks and last year's core harvest. However, conditions appear to be bottoming out in 2017. The dairy market is recovering with prices at normal levels and forecast for margins moving above the five-year average. Meanwhile, sentiment for dairy farmers is improving and remains positive for beef and pork producers. Note that nearly half of EU farm incomes are derived from dairy and livestock. Shifting to Brazil on Slide 9, the chart on the left displays the crop value of agricultural production, a good proxy for health of agri business in Brazil. Ag production is expected to increase about 9% in 2017 in U.S. dollar terms due to record acreage expansion and yield expectations. In local currency, the value of production is forecast to be up about 1%. Brazilian farmers, since they sell their crops in U.S. dollars, remain solidly profitable. On the right side of the slide, you will see eligible rates for ag-related government sponsored finance programs. Rate for Moderfrota remain at 8.5% for small and midsize farmers and 10.5% for large farmers. Importantly, the overall budget for Moderfrota has been raised again by about R$1 billion to R$8.55 billion in total. This demonstrates the government's ongoing commitment to agriculture and continues to improve farmer confidence. Despite the current political uncertainty, news on the 2017-2018 harvest plan is still anticipated in the coming weeks for the budget year that begins in July. Our 2017 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 10. Industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are now forecast to be down about 5%, with a slight improvement in both large and small models of equipment. As noted previously, it does appear the large ag market is stabilizing. Signs supporting the stabilization include a considerably lower rate of industry sales decline in 2017 versus the past two years and a used equipment environment that is more supportive of sales. The EU industry outlook is now flat to down 5% in 2017. While there is improved sentiment in the region due to higher dairy and livestock margins, low crop prices and farm incomes as well as geopolitical risks continue to weigh on the market. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be up about 20% in 2017. Positive industry sentiment in Brazil and Argentina continue to drive this improvement. Shifting to Asia, sales are expected to be flat to up slightly, with growth in India being the main driver. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in U.S. and Canada are projected to be roughly flat in 2017. Putting this all together, on Slide 11, fiscal year 2017 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be up about 8% versus 2016, driven largely by growth in our overseas markets. Our Ag & Turf division operating margin is forecast to be about 11.5% in 2017. The implied incremental margin for the year is about 43%, or around 35% without the impact of SiteOne and the voluntary employee separation program. In comparison with last quarter's forecast, the changes driven by sales improvements in all of our main geographies, including large ag in North America, and results in about 45% incremental margin net of the SiteOne impact. Now let's focus on Construction & Forestry on Slide 12. Net sales were up 7% in the quarter as a result of higher shipment volumes and price realization, partially offset by higher warranty costs. Operating profit was $108 million for the quarter, up from $74 million last year. The increase was driven by higher shipment volumes and price realization. These factors were partially offset by higher warranty costs and a less favorable sales mix. Operating margins were 7.4% in the quarter, about 2 points higher than last year's second quarter. The division's incremental margin was about 35%. Moving to Slide 13, the economic fundamentals affecting the Construction & Forestry industries in North America are cause for optimism. GDP growth is positive, job growth continues, construction spending is up from 2016 levels, and housing starts are expected to exceed 1.25 million units this year. Construction investment was up in the first quarter of 2017 by almost 10%, led by rebounding oil and gas and residential activities. Commercial and institutional construction activity continued to increase moderately. Machinery rental utilization rates have improved after two years of deterioration and used inventory has come down in the past quarter. All in all, our outlook reflects a strong order book as well as what we've seen in the way of retail sales growth over the last three months. Moving to the C&F outlook on Slide 14, Deere's Construction & Forestry sales are now forecast to be up about 13% in 2017 with no material currency impact. The forecast for global forestry markets is down about 5%, a result of lower sales in U.S. and Canada. C&F's full-year operating margin is now projected to be about 6%, with an implied incremental margin of about 24%. Let's move now to our Financial Services operations. Slide 15 shows the provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio. At the end of April, the annualized provision for credit losses was 18 basis points, reflecting the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecast for 2017 shown on the slide contemplates a loss provision of about 28 basis points, slightly lower than the previous forecast. This will put losses just above the 10-year average of 26 basis points and below the 15-year average of 34 points. Moving to Slide 16, worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $103.5 million in the second quarter versus $102.6 million last year. The improvement was primarily due to lower operating lease losses and impairments, largely offset by less favorable financing spreads and higher SA&G. Financial Services 2017 net income attributable to Deere & Company is now forecast to be about $475 million, down slightly from our previous forecast due to higher SA&G, mainly for incentive compensation. Slide 17 outlines receivables and inventories. For the Company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $363 million due to reductions in the Ag & Turf division. We expect to end 2017 with total receivables and inventories up about $400 million, with increases in both the Ag & Turf and C&F divisions. The increases are consistent with higher sales in both divisions. Slide 18 shows cost of sales as a percent of net sales. Cost of sales for the second quarter was 75%. Our 2017 cost of sales guidance is about 77% of net sales, an improvement of about 1 point from last quarter. When modeling 2017, keep in mind the unfavorable impacts of emissions cost, voluntary separation expenses, incentive compensation and raw material prices. On the favorable side, we expect price realization of about 1 point, savings related to the voluntary employee separation program, and a favorable sales mix. Now let's look at some additional details. With respect to R&D expense on Slide 19, R&D was down 6% in the second quarter. Our 2017 forecast calls for R&D to be down about 1%. Moving to Slide 20, SA&G expense for the Equipment Operations was up 8% in the second quarter, with the main drivers being incentive compensation and commissions paid to dealers. Our 2017 forecast calls for SA&G expense to be up by about 7%. Roughly two-thirds of the full-year change is expected to come from incentive compensation, voluntary separation expenses and commissions paid to dealers. Turning to Slide 21, the Equipment Operations tax rate was 31% in the quarter. For 2017, the full-year effective tax rate forecast is now in the range of 32% to 34%. Slide 22 shows our Equipment Operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the Equipment Operations is now forecast to be about $3.1 billion in 2017. The Company's financial outlook is on Slide 23. Net sales for the third quarter are forecast to be up about 18% compared to 2016. Our full year outlook now calls for net sales to be up about 9%, which includes about 1 point of price realization. Finally, our full-year 2017 net income forecast is now about $2 billion. In closing, with this recent performance, John Deere has demonstrated a continued ability to produce impressive results through all phases of the business cycle. This kind of resilience illustrates our success, finding ways to operate more efficiently and develop a wider range of revenue sources. It shows something else too. The impact of the consistent investments we've made in advanced technology, new products and additional markets. Actions such as these are leading to strong performance in 2017. What's more, they support our conviction that John Deere is well-positioned to deliver significant value to our customers and investors over the long-term.
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Josh. We're now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. But in consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We do have our first question. It's from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Jerry, your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Tony, the margin performance this quarter came despite warranty costs that were a headwind here. I'm wondering if you could talk about what's been driving the higher quality cost for you folks over the past two years compared to history and over what time frame would you expect warranties to return to the low 2% range that's more typical for you folks in the past?
Tony Huegel: That was something certainly that was cited in the press release, both for Equipment Operations and construction specifically. Just I think I'd remind people as to start with, with Tier 4 emissions requirements, we had a significant number of new product introductions coming very, very rapidly, and more rapidly than you intend to see. So the cycle of new products tended to ramp up, and you're starting to see a little bit of the effects of that. And to that point, we're not talking about significant challenges with a product r a couple of products, it's here and there smaller warranty costs that just accumulate a bit. The other thing I'd remind everyone is we do have slightly higher warranty costs related to the change we made in our parts warranty experience. So, we extended the warranty period for parts and that does come at a little bit higher cost. Some of that also specific to construction when you think about the warranty costs this quarter, some of the year-over-year compare, and specifically again for that division, there were some favorable adjustments last year, slightly favorable, and so the compare was a little more challenging for them. So those are really some of the key reasons.
Jerry Revich: And sorry, Tony, over what timeframe would you expect the performance to return to more difficult levels?
Tony Huegel: You will continue to see that get better. Now keep in mind you're going to see that occasionally especially in some of the earlier quarters of a year there's always risk because the numbers are relatively small, but certainly that is a key focus that we have as a company to continue to improve the warranty experience primarily for our customers, the quality experience. So I would expect over the next fairly short period of time, you'll see those things changing pretty rapidly.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fisher of UBS Securities. Steven, your line is open.
Steve Fisher: A bigger picture question on the ag cycle. We're now again forecasting growth in your ag business and starting to raise some of the regional forecast. How are you thinking about the shape of the ag recovery from here assuming that the crop forecast that you have play out as expected and things develop in South America as you are thinking?
Tony Huegel: I think the latter part of your question is important to keep in mind. I mean at this point it's still very, very early, especially as you think about Northern Hemisphere, crops and so on. That will make obviously a pretty large impact in terms of how we see the future. But if you assume current fundamentals, current assumptions, where you have normal weather, candidly if you look at our forecast, you're not seeing significant changes in the outlook, underlying fundamentals for our farmer customer, not a lot of change in crop prices. But I think what you are seeing today is the impact of a stabilization. And so, while you aren't necessarily, it's hard to argue today for a significant recovery in commodity prices and so on, we're also largely not anticipating significant reductions, and so as farmers adjust to that, we are starting to see some of them stepping in a bit more into the market and beginning some replacement of their equipment. Again, I would say it's more about stabilization and the change that that drives in the mindset of the farmer customer. Now there are exceptions to that. Obviously you go to Brazil and today anyway we are seeing some very strong recovery. That's a farmer customer who has stayed relatively profitable through this downturn and as a result they are in a strong financial position. As we have seen in prior months some of the uncertainty and political environment stabilizing in Brazil, we certainly saw some very, very strong recovery there. Obviously in the last week there's, there's been the last few days some uncertainty injected back into that market. We'll see where that goes in terms of both the uncertainty that's currently there, does that stay or the things stabilize again a bit, and then what impact that may or may not have on our customers' buying decisions. But largely, outside of Brazil, South America, I would argue you're really just seeing stabilization and some uptick in demand as a result of that.
Operator: Our next question is from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse Securities. Jamie, your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Nice quarter. Tony, I guess the margin performance in the ag business even ex SiteOne was pretty impressive, and I understand you're guiding ex SiteOne to sort of mid-40s incremental margins but it does implies the incrementals in the back half of the year sort of fall off. So I'm just wondering, given how early we are in the cycle, why the implied incremental margins deteriorate in the back half of the year, is it we're being conservative, is it  or can you talk to the headwinds that are implied in that margin target?
Tony Huegel: Sure. I think as you think about margin, and specifically for ag, there's a number of different ways you can kind of slice it and look at it. Now if you look at absolute margins in the back half of the year, and again there are a lot of moving pieces in our numbers, because unlike some others we don't strip out a bunch of stuff in our reporting, we do pure GAAP reporting, but specifically if you look at just some of those one-time charges and eliminate things like SiteOne, things like the voluntary separation charges, the margin we've had in the first half of the year on ag has been about 2 points. If you look at the guide for the back half of the year, it's consistent. We're about a 2 point improved margin ex those one-time items again in the back half of the year. So again, I think that's pretty consistent. Remember if you think about too on the overall forecast, and here I need to be very clear, I'm not talking about the incremental change from first quarter, but if you look at the full year forecast as it is, you're starting to see some benefit from some of the large ag products, but overall you're still seeing not as attractive of a mix in those margins and in that forecast, and that's part of why you're seeing the margins where they are. While still very strong in the back half of the year, you're just not seeing quite as strong as maybe what some would have anticipated or what we would anticipate if it was driven by large ag. And so that's really some of the key differences.
Operator: Our next question is from David Raso from Evercore ISI. David, your line is open.
David Raso: On the conversation around the retail outlook kind of post this year, I was just curious how you're thinking about replacement demand. If you look at the appendix, you have projections for 2017 and 2018 when it comes to corn prices and acres and so forth. That seemed pretty consistent with USDA and it really doesn't imply any cash receipt growth next year, but you mentioned the idea of replacement demand stabilization. At this outlook, would you expect retail in the U.S. to be up next year with these crop fundamentals?
Rajesh Kalathur: David, I mean I think if you note where our working capital receivables and inventory forecasts are for the end of the year, I think it's appropriate to assume that next year is going to be up.
David Raso: Okay, so that's  I was trying to read that into the idea of you've been able to raise your view of inventory and receivables in the channel as well as an ag, not just construction. So, we can take that as a sign of confidence that you feel better about the retail environment in 2018 from what we have learned the last few months in stabilization, replacement and all that. Is that a fair assessment?
Tony Huegel: It's certainly the sustainability of what we're seeing beginning to occur today.
Rajesh Kalathur: And we don't want to get into a 2018 forecast, David, but I think the statement that we have in terms of the shift in our thinking in terms of working capital at the end of the year should give you a good idea.
David Raso: I think that earnings power you are putting up with very little retail help and the ability to grow next year again without much crop health just emboldens investors to feel, look, if I can catch any lightening in a bottle on grain prices, that's all upside and along the way you're still growing earnings to the upside surprise. So again, we do feel retail can grow with this backdrop of the commodity environment. Just want to make sure I'm thinking about that right.
Rajesh Kalathur: David, I think that's a good point. Now if you look at a longer-term global demand for commodities still going up, and if you look at the USDA in our 2017-18 production forecast, it's lower, which means stock-to-use you're saying is likely to come down, and equilibrium, all we will say is the equilibrium is getting tighter. Now, we haven't put in our projections any disruption to the production for commodities, but if any of those should come up, there is even further upside, you are right.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Shlisky from Seaport Global Securities. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Shlisky: I want to follow up on David's question there and maybe point to a different slide in your appendix. 22nd slide you outlined U.S. foreign debt level is at the highest level that we've seen in the last 15 years here in 2017. So Raj, just trying to get a feel for the kind of upsize you might be seeing next year. You guys said that farmer is going to have to start paying down soon their debt first before buying anything major going forward, whether it's this year or next, and is that kind of what we're kind of waiting for? If farmer incomes turn upward, would paying down debt be the first thing that they do and then turn towards buying any kind of machinery?
Tony Huegel: That's always the question and I think the thing to point out is easy to point that the debt levels have risen, but again, I think we would point to from an historic perspective farmers are still in much better shape than what they would have been previously. And certainly, if you continue at these kinds of levels, you'll continue to see those creep up a bit as we have. But we don't view that as a significant risk certainly at this point. And I think what you're seeing today, and the buying behavior of customers maybe answers that question for you, we're starting to see them step back in and place those orders and see those retails moving up a bit, even in this environment. Again, I think I want to separate that from a significant recovery type of conversation versus it's the effects of seeing stabilization for our farmer customers and their willingness now to step in, at least modestly, step back in and begin to think about some replacement. All right, so let's go ahead and move on to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan Securities. Ann, your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Just on the fundamentals again, if we look at what's happened in Brazil in the last week or so or even in the last few days, we saw significant farmers selling their crops, both beans and corn, down there and that weighed on bean prices and corn prices as recently as yesterday. Can you just talk about what's happening in Brazil, farmers now selling products, what impact that could have on U.S. exports as we move into the next marketing year and how that could weigh on the outlook for cash receipts for U.S. farmers going forward?
Tony Huegel: I think obviously what transpired over the last couple of days is still very fresh and impacts our  I'll say uncertain at this point to how long does it last, those sorts of things. Largely I think that when you think about the selling from Brazilian farmers, I mean outside of the last couple of days, it was pretty clear that they had been holding onto those crops looking for better price, and I think most forecast we're anticipating that they would at some point need to sell them and that they would be exported. So, I'm not sure it will have a significant impact necessarily on the broader export assumptions, either for Brazil or for the U.S. But certainly the timing of those got pulled up pretty considerably. Now the good news to that is, with the FX and the reason farmers are leasing that with the FX changes, it's bringing a lot of cash into those farmer pockets again, and they are seeing some benefit in the short-term from the FX change. So, that would be at least one positive that you could potentially point to for our Brazilian customers, and again, at least in the short-term. But it's early and the overall impact we'll have to wait and keep our eye on it as things move forward.
Rajesh Kalathur: And to add to Tony's point, we look at the soybean prices, the current prices, you're right they are down, because of the additional soybean coming into the market from Brazil, but if you look at the futures, number futures, they haven't changed much. So that should help with what Tony just said. And then if you look at the longer-term, since you brought up Brazil, longer-term ag export is very critical to Brazil and for their foreign exchange, and historically you have seen a government's, regardless of the party, support to ag sector very well. And while there is uncertainty, we cannot say what's likely to happen, and if you look at the past and if you look at what is good for Brazil, we see them continuing to support the ag sector.
Operator: Our next question is from Neil Frohnapple from Longbow Research. Neil, your line is open.
Neil Frohnapple: Within the Construction business, could you provide more granularity on the positive price realization in the quarter, so as the competitive pressures ease, particularly in light of the higher sales outlook for the year, and just thoughts on whether you think you have turned the corner on this and what the outlook is from here?
Tony Huegel: That's a good question and I would tell you the positive price realization in the quarter was really more about last year versus this year. You may recall second quarter last year we had a pretty substantial accrual change as we increased incentive going into the market and had to then again change the accrual we had for product that had previously been sold, shipped to dealers but not retail sold. And so the compare I would say was a pretty easy compare and that was driving that positive price year-over-year. I would not say we have turned the corner. I would not say things have gotten less competitive in that market. In fact, if you look at our fiscal year guidance, really very little change, and we would continue to see kind of flattish to slightly negative price realization for Construction for the year. So again, that was more about a quarter impact, really no change in the annual guide there.
Operator: Our next question is from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank Securities. Nicole, your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: So my question was just on the cadence of the rest of the year. So based on the outlook for the third quarter, the up 18% for Equipment Ops, the math I'm getting is that 4Q looks kind of flattish year-on-year, and first, is that completely wrong, and then second is what's driving the significant deceleration, is it just tougher comps in Brazil or is there something else that we need to be thinking about?
Tony Huegel: Yes, and you're looking at it for the Company versus?
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, for the total Equipment Ops for the year.
Tony Huegel: The total Equipment Ops, if you look at fourth quarter, we would have it up a little bit. But keep in mind fourth quarter is a pretty light quarter, and remember versus last year too actually pretty easy compare, especially as it relates to ag. And I guess shifting for both ag and construction, pretty significant underproduction in the fourth quarter. You'll see underproduction as you typically would as we move into the end of the year. But again, it would be up slightly in the fourth quarter.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. But I guess since last year the comp is easy, like could there be some conservatism baked into there is what I'm getting at, just seems kind of
Tony Huegel: Yes, I mean all of those that you're seeing are ending inventories or receivables and inventory is, you can see in our guidance, is up. And so there's certainly some benefit there. But again, the percentage change in the fourth quarter, because we're coming off, the dollars may not be as impactful as the percentage in terms of the changes is what I would say there.
Rajesh Kalathur: The percentage for Q4 is closer to 16%. If you just take the 9% for the full year, that's what it would work out to.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Wertheimer from Barclays Capital. Robert, your line is open.
Robert Wertheimer: My question, you guys sometimes come on this, not terribly specifically, but it's basically production versus retail, so your industry guidance is obviously industry equipment guidance and it's kind of in Ag & Turf kind of flattish and your revenues are up substantially. And so between those two numbers can be parts, can be market share, can be reversal of path on a production, can be over-production, [indiscernible] over the next year. So I'm just a little curious, are you able to say where you're producing this year versus retail and whether it's over or under and whether you have share gain factored in?
Tony Huegel: Sure. I mean, yes, there is some share gain factored in. Again, I'd be a little careful to speaking very broadly versus specific products. If you think about large ag for example, certainly versus last year where we were under-producing retail, this year we would be at or in a pretty much at retail. So year-over-year you're getting a sales lift because we are not under-producing. I would say, really construction, if you look just broadly at construction equipment last year's significant under-production and this year we're actually over producing to retail. So dealers are building inventory some in the channel. So you get kind of a double benefit there, but I'd say the greater benefit is similar to large ag, the fact that we're not under-producing this year. Now if you look at some of the other product, it's going to be a mix here and there based on where we ended last year, how we view current year and then looking out into next year, but small ag for example in the U.S. you'd see a bit of under-production. But obviously, overall you're seeing some overproduction as our receivables and inventory numbers are going up slightly. But again, I wouldn't read too much into that.
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Gilardi of Bank of America Securities. Ross, your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Tony, you just touched on a little bit of that, a little of my question, but could you give a little more color on Construction & Forestry? I mean CAT put up negative 4% retail sales growth in North America construction yesterday for April and you're putting up in your guidance a 13% revenue growth in Construction foresee for 2017. So what's happening? I mean are you seeing a genuine acceleration in demand or is this just, a lot of this is just Deere dealer pipeline fill just because your dealer inventories were just so depleted going into this year?
Tony Huegel: Certainly I'd say it's a combination of things. As I mentioned with answering Rob's question, certainly last year as you recall, we ended our dealer inventories on a percent of sales basis, at the lowest level we'd had in over a decade. And even this year in our forecast on a percentage basis we're I think the second lowest in over a decade. So we're not building a lot of inventory but certainly we're not under-producing like we were. So that has given us a pretty significant lift. We talked about in the first quarter, our order books are really quite strong and they continue to be strong through the second quarter. More importantly, over the last several months, we've seen retail sales actually up year-over-year as well. So that's certainly been encouraging and a big part of the reason why our forecast has now increased is we're starting to see those dealer orders pulling through into the retail channel. So, from our perspective, industry retails were still flat to down slightly for U.S. construction equipment, but as you look at things like the smaller, what we call, commercial worksite or compact equipment, that continue to be very strong and we have new product there too that's helping to benefit the business. So there are a number of pieces. A big portion of that though is about our shipping to retail year-over-year versus under-producing last year.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Andrew, your line is open.
Andrew Casey: I guess I want to return to the underproduction/overproduction comment versus retail, but if you look at the first six months, you saw mid-single-digit decline in U.S. equipment sales. Most of that seem to be related to Ag & Turf. And then if I combine last quarter's report with this quarter's, the first half receivables and inventory down about $670 million in Ag & Turf, is most of that $670 million inventory reduction or did you see kind of down receivables for the first six months?
Tony Huegel: Most of the reduction actually has been in trade receivables year-to-date.
Andrew Casey: Okay. And then can you update us, kind of follow-on on that, can you update us on the U.S. Canada high horsepower farm equipment order availability?
Tony Huegel: Yes, so if you look at, obviously combines are pretty straightforward and really no change from last year. I mean our early order program accounts for over 90% of that in any given year. So that's pretty full. As you look at, I'll talk to the Waterloo tractor numbers, last quarter I think we talked about it being relatively consistent. There were some puts and takes here and there. That order book actually has strengthened pretty significantly over the quarter. And I would say broadly speaking, our availability across the board on Waterloo product, that includes 7000, 8000 and 9000 series types of tractors, would be ahead or further out this year versus last year, and some of them fairly significantly. So again, over the course of the quarter, we've seen some real strength in the order book for those large tractors.
Operator: Our next question is from Joel Tiss from BMO Capital Markets. Joel, your line is open.
Joel Tiss: I just wondered if you could give us a sense, maybe the old baseball analogy on how far you threw the cost reduction efforts.
Rajesh Kalathur: Joel, we are making good progress with respect to the cost reduction, structural cost reduction, goal of $500-plus million that we talked about. Now you will recall that when we talked about it, we said if the industry conditions stay the same as in 2016 levels, we will aim to get over $500-plus million in structural cost reduction by the end of 2018 and before we realized in 2019. And a couple of things I will point out. When we are making very good progress towards the structural portion, the controllable part of cost reduction, there are some headwinds, one essentially being the material inflation, then there is a second one that might confuse when you look at the total picture, which is lever pullings. As the volumes come up, we had pulled a lot of leverage over the last three years, and as the volumes come up, we'll be releasing some of those. But if you look at the underlying structural cost reduction, we are making very good progress and we are committed to hit the $500-plus million that we talked about.
Operator: Our next question is from Sebastian Kuenne from Berenberg Bank. Sebastian, your line is open.
Sebastian Kuenne: I have a question regarding Ag & Turf. You had roughly flat Q2. You're expecting very strong growth for the rest of the year. In what markets do you think you will outperform most compared to the competitors given that you are certainly cautious on the U.S. and Europe? So what are the key margins by how much you think you can outperform the sector?
Tony Huegel: We try to be a little cautious around getting too specific on market share just from a competitive reason. Obviously I think we talked a little bit on an earlier question about the fact that we do have anticipated market share gains in several of our key markets. We've had a beginning, a long history of market share gains in Brazil on both tractors and combines and we've continued to localize product there. I think that's expected to continue. You know it's not uncommon as we begin to see a bit of recovery and so on in markets even like North America with large ag that tends to be some of our best opportunities to see some market share, positive market share shifts, and certainly our investment in things like precision ag will benefit that and will help boost some of that. We've done a lot of work on product and our dealer network in Europe as well and would hope to see at least some modest improvement as we move forward there. So I would say it's fairly broad where we would expect from some market share shift, but some markets may be a little more significant than others. And unfortunately, I can't get much more detailed than that but I appreciate the question.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Seth, your line is open.
Seth Weber: In the prepared remarks, I think I heard something about used equipment becoming more supportive of the environment in North America. Can you give us any additional color there whether that's in a reference to inventory levels or are you seeing pricing getting better, any additional help there would be great?
Tony Huegel: You're right, you heard that correctly. And I think it is a combination of things. I mean certainly used equipment levels do continue to come down and so that's been beneficial. In fact, we've kind of given a number versus the peak of summer of 2014. Last quarter we said it was down about 34%. It continued to come down in the second quarter this year, down about 36% from the peak. So that's certainly been supportive. And if you talk with many of our dealers, the volume of the overhang of used has become much less challenging for them. Pricing I would still say very stable, continues to stabilize and in certain products, and I want to be very clear, specifically certain products, you might see some strengthening in pricing, but broadly it's supportive that the benefit to our dealer, the confidence that they have in the value, not just the volume but the value they have placed on that used inventory is much stronger today, and that just gives them a much better position to be able to consider both new and used sales and be able to work with customers that way.
Seth Weber: So you feel like that they are more open to taking new business because they have better visibility to the used market, is that what you're saying basically?
Tony Huegel: And I would say [indiscernible], we started saying that even as early as third quarter last year, the confidence that they have in some cases it's about their ability to take the equipment, but it's also significantly more confidence in the value they placed on it and their ability to get the appropriate level of margin when they turn that used piece of equipment. So, that's why the comment was written the way it was, it's not just about the ability to sell new but it's also about their ability to sell used at profitable levels, has become much more supportive.
Operator: Our next question is from Stanley Elliott from Stifel Nicolaus and Company. Stanley, your line is open.
Stanley Elliott: You all actually kind of answered the question, but is there a way to parse out how much of the increase on the construction side was from some of the new products you had at CONEXPO? You did talk about some of the smaller, the mini class, but also there's pretty much going on, on the production side class there as well. And then lastly, did you mention anything about the parts commitment having any impact on the sales outlook?
Tony Huegel: I would say, again the large portion of the sales increase for Construction & Forestry, again I would emphasize is really about the difference in our production to retail year-over-year. Certainly those new products are having some benefit. I mentioned the commercial worksite products. You're certainly seeing some benefit kind of more broadly with products as well to your point some of the production class equipment. I don't have a specific number that would identify how much specifically is coming from new product versus the change in retail. But certainly there's benefit there. From a parts perspective, and I'm not sure I would necessarily attribute it immediately to the change in the warranty. That will take a bit of time to really see the full impact. But certainly as you think about our sales year-over-year parts is certainly stronger year-over-year as well. So that's helping to benefit that business.
Operator: Our next question is from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Jerry, your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Thank you for taking the follow up. Tony, can you talk about how you view normalized margins in Ag & Turf? Obviously really strong performance here towards the bottom of the cycle, and so if you apply your normal operating leverage, that would get you to 15-something percent type margins at normalized volumes, and I'm wondering at which point do you folks start to think about is that too high from a competitive standpoint, how do you think about what's normalized in this cycle for you?
Tony Huegel: I'll start and we'll see if Raj wants to throw any more in. But certainly, we've been pretty open and talked about, even introduced the 500 million reduction in structural cost. At that time, we talked about our mid-cycle margins as we would calculate them for the enterprise would be around 13%. And we've also been pretty open to your point about how much is too much, is wanting to make sure you kind of strike that balance between growth and margin. Certainly our strategy calls for a 12% margin at mid cycle. We are committed to maintaining 12% or higher mid cycle margin. But as we continue to improve the current structure of the business, in some cases we believe what will drive larger shareholder value and the greater shareholder value isn't necessarily to see those structural improvements just dropping to higher and higher margins, but be able to leverage some of that towards some growth opportunities. And so that's what we'll try to balance is opportunities to grow at at-least that 12% mid cycle margin with yet higher margins dropping to the bottom line. So a little bit of how we think about it. All right, let's go ahead and move on to the next caller, and I believe this will be our final question for the day.
Operator: Our last question is from Brett Wong from Piper Jaffray and Company. Brett, your line is open.
Brett Wong: Just wondering looking at Brazil, talking about your expectations for Moderfrota rates coming up here in June, were you surprised that you didn't see rates change during the [indiscernible] Show and do you think that impacted sales at all during that show and are there any, are the change expectations or change rate expectations factored into your guidance for the region in the year?
Tony Huegel: It's a great question. I'm not sure it was necessarily a surprise. I think as we spoke with our group there, actually Head of the Show, they were not anticipating it being announced at the show this year. I think it's worth noting some additional funding was announced at the show to kind of closeout and provide enough funding to cover through the current fiscal year, through the end of June. We would continue to anticipate the announcements potentially in the next couple of weeks, even with, as Josh mentioned in his opening comments, even with some of the uncertainty today that's in that market. And there's a variety of questions candidly around what could happen going forward versus you have obviously could rate be lower and some would argue that the rates could come down a little bit given the fact that the broader market rates in Brazil have decreased. Others are actually advocating for rates to stay relatively the same but provide a higher level of funding, so you can fund more business. So we'll see where they land. I think the important part of the conversation though is at least based on information or conversations we've had with government officials there, and I would say history and even very recent history, they continue to be very supportive of agriculture, specifically around the FINAME and the Moderfrota program. And so, some that are doing a bit of sabre-rattling about what could happen to that program, I think that would be a significant divergence from what they've shown in recent time. So there's always risk, I'm not saying there's no risk here, but certainly we remain confident that the government will do everything they can to help support agriculture including supporting the FINAME program. Okay, with that, I think we'll go ahead and conclude the call. We appreciate everyone's participation, and as always, we'll be around for the rest of the day for any follow-up questions. Thank you. Operator?
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Deere & Co. Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co. Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.
Analysts: Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC David Raso - Evercore ISI Group Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Larry T. De Maria - William Blair & Co. LLC Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co. Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc. Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC Sebastian Kuenne - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom) Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Company's first quarter earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed in listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; and Josh Jepsen, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2017. After that we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Josh?
Joshua Jepsen - Deere & Co.: With the announcement of our first quarter earnings, John Deere has started the year on a positive note and done so in the continued face of soft market conditions. Though earnings were somewhat lower than last year, all of our businesses remained solidly profitable. Some of the factors helping our performance in the quarter included sound execution, a broad product portfolio and the impact of a more flexible cost structure. At the same time, we are seeing encouraging signs that after several years of steep declines our key agricultural markets may be stabilizing. Partly as a result, we raised our full year forecast for sales and earnings. Now let's take a closer look at our first quarter results in detail beginning on slide three. Net sales and revenues were up 2% to $5.6 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $194 million. EPS was $0.61 in the quarter. Our equipment operations effective tax rate was 50% in the first quarter due largely and unfavorable discrete items. It is worth noting the effective tax rate of the equipment operations in the first quarter of 2016 was 20%. That reflected a benefit from a permanent extension of the R&D tax credit and other favorable adjustments. On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 1% to $4.7 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 2 points. Currency translation was positive by 1 point. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, starting with Agriculture & Turf on slide five. Net sales were flat in the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Lower shipment volumes and higher warranty costs were offset by price realization and the favorable effect of currency translation. Operating profit was $213 million, up from $144 million last year. Ag & Turf operating margins were 5.9% in the quarter. The increase in operating profit was driven primarily by a gain on sale of a partial interest in SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. and price realization. These were partially offset by voluntary separation expenses, higher warranty costs and the unfavorable effects of foreign currency exchange. The gain on sale of a partial interest in SiteOne Landscape Supply contributed nearly 3 points of operating margin in the quarter, while expenses related to the voluntary separation program lowered margins by nearly 2 points. Excluding these impacts, operating margins were about 1 point higher than in last year's first quarter. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide six outlines U.S. farm cash receipts. Given the large crop harvest and consequently the lower commodity prices we're seeing today, our 2016 forecast calls for cash receipts to be down about 5% from 2015's levels. Moving to 2017, we expect total cash receipts to be about $367 billion, roughly flat with 2016. It is worth noting that net farm cash income, a good measure of farm business health, is forecast to be up slightly in 2017. You can see this information in the appendix. On slide seven, global grain and oilseed stocks-to-use for ratios are forecast to remain at elevated but generally unchanged levels in 2016, 2017 as abundant crops are mostly offset by strong demand around the world. Chinese grain and oilseed stocks continued to increase in 2016 with supply, domestic production plus imports outpacing the demand. Chinese stocks of grains and oilseeds now represent almost half of the world's stocks. Remember, these Chinese stocks are unlikely to be exported. That means the world market, particularly oilseeds remain sensitive to any production setbacks, major geopolitical disruptions or trade disputes. World cotton stocks have now fallen for a second consecutive season to the lowest level in five seasons. This reflects lower planting and stronger global demand. Our economic outlook for the EU28 is on slide eight. Economic growth in the region is improving at a moderate pace, though geopolitical risks such as Brexit and populist sentiment remain elevated, as does currency volatility. Farm income remains below the long-term average due to high global grain stocks and last year's poor harvest in the Northwest EU, particularly France. The diary market is seeing early signs of recovery as prices are forecast to return to average levels after many years of decline. Sentiment and margins are expected to improve throughout 2017. Shifting to Brazil on slide nine. The chart on the left displays the crop value of agricultural product, a good proxy for the health of Agri business in Brazil. Ag production is expected to increase about 8% in 2017 in U.S. dollar terms due to record acreage expansion in yield expectations. In local currency, the value of production is forecast to be up about 3%. Profitability for Brazilian farmers remains at good levels as crops are sold in dollars. On the right side of the slide, you will see eligible rates for Ag-related government-sponsored finance programs. Rates for Moderfrota remain at 8.5% for small and mid-size farmers and 10.5% for large farmers. Importantly, the overall budget for Moderfrota has been raised by nearly 50% from the initial R$5 billion to R$7.5 billion. This demonstrates the government's ongoing commitment to Agriculture and is driving continued improvement in farmer confidence. Our 2017 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 10. Industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are forecast to be down 5% to 10%, with the effects being felt in both large and small models of equipment, particularly affected our products used in the livestock sector such as mid-sized tractors and hay and forage tools. Still, there are signs the large Ag market is nearing bottom. For example, the magnitude of the industry decline expected in 2017 is considerably less than that experienced in 2016. Also, the used equipment environment is stabilizing. The EU28 industry outlook is forecast to be down about 5% in 2017, due to low crop prices and farm incomes as well as the geopolitical risks mentioned earlier. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are now projected to be up 15% to 20% in 2017. This is a reflection of improved confidence, slowing inflation, and lower benchmark interest rates in Brazil as well as positive industry sentiment in Argentina. Shifting to Asia, sales are expected to be flat to up slightly, with growth in India being the main driver. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be roughly flat in 2017, with Deere sales outpacing the industry. Putting this all together, on slide 11, fiscal year 2017 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be up about 3%. The forecast change is a result of sales improving in all regions of the world, most notably in South America. The Ag & Turf division's operating margin is forecast to be about 9% in 2017, roughly in line with 2016. Now let's focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 12. Net sales were down 6% in the quarter as a result of lower shipment volumes and higher sales incentive costs. Operating profit was $34 million in the quarter, down from $70 million last year. Lower results were driven mainly by higher sales incentive costs and the voluntary separation program. C&F operating margins were 3.1% in the quarter. Expenses related to the voluntary separation program were incurred as expected in the quarter, creating a nearly 1.5-point headwind to operating margins. Moving to slide 13, looking at the economic indicators affecting the construction and forestry industries, there was a slight improvement in the fundamentals. GDP growth is positive, job growth continues, construction spending is up from 2016 levels, and housing starts are expected to exceed 1.2 million units this year. Construction investment in oil and gas activity improved in the fourth quarter of calendar 2016 after seven quarters of decline, while residential and commercial institutional construction continued to increase moderately. Machinery rental utilization rates have made slight improvements after multiple quarters of deterioration, and forward-looking sentiment has improved with the prospect for higher infrastructure spending. On the other hand, used inventory for the industry remains above normal levels and rental rates are still soft. Also, economic growth outside the United States, particularly in Latin America, is sluggish. All in all, our outlook on the construction industry is cautiously optimistic. Moving to the C&F outlook on slide 14, Deere's Construction & Forestry sales are now forecast to be up about 7% in 2017, largely driven by production moving closer to retail demand. The forecast for global forestry markets is flat to down 5%, a result of lower sales in the U.S. and Canada. C&F's full-year operating margin is now projected to be about 5%. Let's move now to our Financial Services operations. Slide 15 shows the provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio. At the end of January, the annualized provision for credit losses was 8 basis points, reflecting the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecast for 2017, shown on the slide, contemplates a loss provision of 29 basis points, unchanged from the previous forecast. This will put losses just above the 10-year average of 26 basis points and below the 15-year average of 34 basis points. Moving to slide 16, Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $114 million in the quarter versus $129 million last year. The lower results were primarily due to less favorable financing spreads and expenses related to the voluntary separation program. 2017 net income attributable to Deere & Company is forecast to be about $480 million, unchanged from our previous forecast. Slide 17 outlines receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $461 million. We expect to end 2017 with total receivables and inventory down about $200 million, with reductions being made by both equipment divisions. With respect to North American large Ag field inventories, Deere inventories as a percent of rolling total sales are roughly half of those of the rest of the industry. As an example, at the end of December, the inventory-to-sales ratio for Deere two-wheel drive tractors of 100-horsepower plus was 37%, while the industry less Deere was 81%. Slide 18 shows cost of sales as a percent of net sales. Cost of sales for the first quarter was 80.8%, which included the impact of the voluntary separation program costs. Our 2017 cost of sales guidance is about 78% of net sales, unchanged from the last quarter. When modeling 2017, keep these unfavorable impacts in mind: an unfavorable product mix; emissions costs; voluntary separation expenses; and overhead spend. On the favorable side, we expect price realization of about 1 point. Now let's look at some additional details. With respect to R&D on slide 19, R&D was down 3% in the first quarter, including the cost associated with the voluntary separation program. Our 2017 forecast calls for R&D to be down about 2%. Moving to slide 20, SA&G expense for the quarter for the equipment operations was up 12%, with the main drivers being the voluntary separation program expenses and commissions paid to dealers, which result from direct sales to customers. Our 2017 forecast contemplates SA&G expense being up by about 5%. More than half of the full-year change is expected to come from voluntary separation expenses and commissions to dealers. Turning to slide 21, the equipment operations tax rate was 50% in the first quarter, primarily due to discrete items, as noted earlier. For 2017, the full-year effective tax rate forecast remains in the range of 33% to 35%. Slide 22 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $2.6 billion in 2017. The company's financial outlook is on slide 23. Net sales for the second quarter are forecast to be up about 1% compared with 2016. This includes about 2 points of price realization. Our full year outlook now calls for net sales to be up about 4%, which includes about 1 point of price realization. Finally, our full year 2017 net income forecast is now about $1.5 billion. In closing, John Deere continues to perform far better than in agricultural downturns of the past. And our first quarter results provide further evidence of that fact. This is due in large part to our ongoing success developing a more durable business model and a wider range of revenue sources. In addition, our efforts to improve operating efficiency are gaining traction and we remain confident we can deliver at least $500 million of structural cost reductions by the end of 2018. All of this reinforces our belief that Deere is well positioned to deliver significant value to our customers and investors in the future.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Thank you, Josh. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others, and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Cindy?
Operator: Thank you. So the first one is from Ross Gilardi. Your line is now open.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sorry if I missed this at the beginning, but I just want to understand, is the guide increase on net income from $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion, is that being driven largely by the SiteOne gain? And can you help us understand why a 300 basis point increase in the revenue guide doesn't drive a greater than $100 million net income guide?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Sure. I think certainly our original budget would not have assumed the SiteOne gain, so that would be part of the change from original budget to our current guidance. Of course, I'd note also in the quarter, as Josh talked about there was a tax impact. That's about $25 million negative. And then if you think about some of the increased sales that came, mix was not as favorable. I think some would anticipate, especially in the Ag division for example, a higher incremental margin. But keep in mind  again as Josh pointed out in the opening comments, the sales increases were really pretty wide spread geographically. And to the extent that there were additional sales coming from the U.S. and Canada market, it was mostly or largely coming from small Ag, so compact utility tractors, which again have attractive margins versus things like our large tractors and combines, not quite as significant of a margin. And so that's really what was driving some of that. Okay?
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Thank you, next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Next question's from Timothy Thein of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Tony, the question relates to Financial Services, and I guess I'll tie it in, in part to Josh's comments about some stabilization that you'd seen in the used market in North America. It doesn't appear that you booked an impairment this quarter. I'm just wondering, did that signal kind of an improvement that you've seen in terms of the rate of lease returns, as well as some of the values realized on some of the new sales?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Certainly to your point, no  really no change in the guidance on Financial Services. As it relates specifically to operating leases, I think I'd say largely the quarter went as expected. So I think many would view that as good news in that regard. And I would point out though to be fair, first quarter is a relatively low quarter for lease returns, you'll see more  with a seasonal impact, you'll see a bit more in the second quarter. But I think as you think about risk going forward, certainly as we've taken some additional depreciation and impairment in the past to anticipate this, as well as the fact that the used equipment market is appearing to stabilize, is a good sign and gives us I think some, I'll say cautious optimism as we go into second quarter with those operating lease returns. So we'll see how that progresses, but again, at least through the first three months, things moving pretty much as planned for Financial Services. Okay? Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan Securities. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just to follow up on the last question. Your other operating expense in Financial Services remains elevated, and last quarter a large portion of that was the loss on sale of used equipment. Could you talk about whether you incurred a loss on sale of used equipment in the quarter and how much that was?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Yeah. I mean certainly you see that, and it was forecasted to see some loss on the sale of equipment and again, it was largely according to forecast. If you look at that year-over-year, it was roughly in line with what we incurred last year, so really no elevated level of losses coming from those leases. Maybe I'll just  some of the other things that we're seeing, volumes actually showed year-over-year in the first quarter a slight decrease, so that's on operating leases, which are pretty good sign, as well as when you think about return rates, we're seeing those return rates also stabilizing. And I'll further note that as you think about going past second quarter, we largely get beyond that headwind that we've been experiencing with those 12 month leases. And we'd have significantly fewer as we go through the second half of 2017, which again assuming the performance on those longer than 12 month leases maintain or improve, would actually bode pretty well for operating lease returns again as we move further into the year. So hopefully that helps and we'll move on to the next caller. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Hi.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Tony, I'm wondering if you could talk about the stabilization in dealer inventories. It sounds like from the prepared remarks you're producing in line with retail demand this year. Can you just frame for us over the past couple of years how much dealer inventory has come out of the channel? And is there any opportunity for some modest restocking it over the next couple of years? Or are you folks planning on running leaner than you did, call it, three, four years ago in terms of dealer inventories?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: I think as you think about new equipment  and where we've really talked about through 2016 and even in 2015 is as we ended the year, the target was to have inventories in line with our current retail sales environment. And so, the real difference this year is, we aren't seeing a significant decline in that retail environment year-over-year as we had both in 2015 and 2016. And as a result of that we're able to produce largely to retail demand. Obviously there's going be puts and takes by individual products. But as you think about large Ag in total for the U.S. and Canada, we're producing in line with retail, which does give us some year-over-year benefit obviously in our sales as we're able to do that. So really the answer to your question would depend on what happens to the retail environment. In a year where you start to see the retail environment improving, that's when we would consider starting to lift that inventory level in line with that. But, again, we're in pretty good shape. Now I think your question was specifically around Ag & Turf. And I'd point out for C&F, we ended the year and, again, we talked about this last quarter, if anything  inventories at our dealers were actually maybe a little light versus where we would normally have them. And that's where you have some benefit potentially if you start to see some recovery in that market, you'd certainly see some inventory coming back in for C&F. Again, if we see that industry really starting to improve.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning. Tony, just wanted to get into the  I mean you talked about C&F and you talked about where the dealer inventories are. But you did raise your outlook for C&F which is curious to me because I know that's a division that's sort of has disappointed you guys in the past, in terms of being a little optimistic. And then the forecast doesn't follow through. So just sort of on the ground what are you seeing to give you that confidence level that we should be raising guidance, because I think you wanted to take a more conservative approach there, I don't know if you saw anything in the quarter or in January or in February to give you confidence? Thanks.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: I appreciate that question. Certainly a 7% increase in Construction & Forestry for the year is what we're currently guiding. We did see the industry  our industry outlook improved a little bit certainly from where we were at original budget, but really what we saw in the quarter was a very, very strong order book. And that's what's driving that confidence in terms of where that outlook improved. Now I'll go back to the previous comments. A lot of this is really the benefit we're seeing in those higher sales and large part is the fact that again, inventories at our dealers ended the year at very, very low levels. And especially compared to the industry, our used equipment at our dealers are actually in very good shape as well. So that does give us the opportunity and, again, some additional optimism that we'll see those sales pull through for the fiscal year. Again, I used the term cautious optimism earlier related to operating leases, I think we'd say the same thing with Construction & Forestry, certainly seeing some optimism, but cautiously viewing that simply because of, to your point, some of the experiences we've had in recent years.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And I know you said the order book improved, but can you put any more color around that or numbers on that? I'm assuming you won't, but I'll try.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Hey, Jamie. If you just take the first 12 weeks of orders for this quarter or even 13 weeks, the first quarter versus the same time last year, our orders are up over a third  this is for U.S. and Canada. So now again, we don't think that's going be the case for the full year. That shows the sentiment out for the dealership, for the customers and so on, okay?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Right. And I'd remind you that some of that is there's optimism that comes in, and we've talked about this all along. Because of where our inventories are at, if our dealers start to sense that there is any kind of improvement in the market, because of the significant destocking they did, there would need to be some additional stocking. And so again, you're seeing that reflected at least in the short-term in our order book, so.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Next caller is David Raso of Evercore. Your line is open.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: I was curious, organically you raised Ag & Turf revenues by over  basically $900 million, kind of a 5% swing. But your end market outlooks didn't change notably except for a little bit in South America. Can you help us better understand why the large  and obviously you didn't change your inventory outlook as well. Is there a change in your production versus retail? I didn't hear that in the earlier answer. Have you changed your view of production versus retail in Ag?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Specifically in Ag, and actually I'll look at the slide that we showed, there's really very little change for Ag when you think about the fiscal forecast, still forecasting inventory/receivables combined down $125 million. What I would say is I think on the margin we saw some slight improvement across the board geographically with the exception of South America, as you pointed out, not enough really to shift the overall industry guidance, but I think again on the margin, some slight improvement in the underlying industry. But certainly from our sales perspective, we saw maybe a little bit more growth there in terms of market share anticipation in the year.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: So in general, within each range some improvement, with only South America a true bump-up in range?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Correct. Yes, exactly.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: So, David, this is Raj. Just to add some more color to what Tony said and what Josh said earlier, on the Ag side, we are looking at  retail is actually growing around the world. So this is in Region 4, we said there are some compact utility tractors. We're also seeing some strength in some commodities like cotton, for example. And then beyond that, you will also look at Region 3. We talked about Brazil. There's also more enthusiasm in Argentina and a little bit more in Mexico. And then if you go to Region 1, there's a little bit more enthusiasm in China. So all these things add up to what you said.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Okay.
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: I appreciate it.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Thank you. Next caller?
David Raso - Evercore ISI Group: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next is from Joe O'Dea of Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi, good morning. In terms of the inventory, and you talked about carrying about half as much as the rest of the industry, we still continue to see the 100-plus horsepower category for the industry come in pretty high. Are you able to give any kind of breakdown for your own inventory levels if we split that 100-plus into the large stuff and the small stuff? So combines are actually at what look like very healthy inventory levels for the industry. Do your large tractors mirror what we would see in combines, and so we can bucket all of the higher inventory levels in the small category? But just to try to understand that important category of tractor where we don't get as much visibility.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Sure. I'm not going to be able to give you specific numbers, but keep in mind large tractors do tend to run a little higher than combines. And some of that's just the significant seasonality of combines and the way we use the early order program versus tractors using the more sequential traditional type of order book. So again, you do see generally a little higher level of orders. But what I would say is, similar to what we said in the past, really what is driving that elevated level would be what we would consider midsize livestock-oriented machines that are in that kind of 100-horsepower to 200-horsepower. It's not what we would consider large Ag in the 220-plus range. Those are in very, very good shape from a new inventory level perspective. Again, keep in mind, as you move into lower horsepower ranges, you also have a bit of a shift in our stocking strategy. So we've talked about on the very small stuff, we tend to run with higher levels of inventory as a percent of sales simply because those tend to be a bit more of an impulse buy. And then as you move into that midsize, certain products within that midsize range are going to mirror a little bit closer to what we have with small Ag, and others are going to mirror more what we do  lean more towards what we do with large Ag. So you do get a little bit of mix there as well, and so that's really what is driving those levels. We are moving some of those midsize livestock-oriented type of products, is where we're seeing most of the inventory reduction in the year that's forecast. But again, I think generally you see a little bit higher stocking strategy on those versus the very large equipment. So hopefully that helps, but let's go ahead and move on to the next caller.
Joseph John O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: It does, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Steven Fisher of UBS. Your line is open.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning. From a timing perspective, you're forecasting roughly flat revenues in the first half on the equipment side. That would imply you have upwards of 8% revenue growth in the second half. You talked to Jamie about some of the visibility you have in the orders on the construction side. What's the visibility you have on the Ag side in getting to that overall strong growth in the second half of the year?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: As you think about  again, we've talked about this quite often. In North America, we certainly have our best visibility. And so when you think about large Ag in particular in North America, we do, as I just mentioned, have early order programs on combines and other seasonal equipment. So certainly that combine early order program in most years is 90-plus percent of our annual production. That ended during our first quarter, and so we have very good visibility on combines. I'll assume the next question on that will be how did it end? So I'll go ahead and give you that now.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Sure.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: And we did on combines ended up single digit year over year, and again, I think it's reflective  a couple questions ago someone mentioned the combine inventory position, and that certainly is reflected in that strong sales. On large tractors, again, we run a more of a traditional sequential order book. And there I would say, as you look at our 7R, 8R, and 9R tractors, it's a mix, but generally in line year over year from an availability perspective. So what we mean there is if a customer comes in today and orders a tractor, when would that next availability be. So some are a little further out year over year, some are a little closer. 8Rs, for example, are actually a little behind from an availability perspective, three to four weeks. Last year it would have been end of May, early June, and this year availability is early May. But then you look at things like 7R tractors, and they're a few weeks ahead, as are some of the 9R tractors, so again, in general, running very much in line. So I would say our visibility is pretty good and our order book is very comparable year-over-year in terms of what we're seeing today versus the forecast that we have in place. So again, I think we'll obviously have even better visibility next quarter, but on large Ag pretty good visibility for the year.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Next is from Lawrence De Maria of William Blair. Your line is open.
Larry T. De Maria - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks. Good morning, Tony, guys.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Hi, Larry.
Larry T. De Maria - William Blair & Co. LLC: In North America, specifically some of your competition has been having some issues with their distribution. And I'm just curious, how you would view your distribution vis--vis the competition in terms of stress levels? And I'm assuming it's in better shape obviously. And just kind of curious what kind of market share changes or programs you might be running to take advantage of the situation and your relative health? And then just on the last question you just answered, can you give a large tractor percentage like you did for combines? Thanks.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Again, we don't comment in terms of the order book specifically on tractor because it's simply a different type of ordering program in terms of not using an early order program. But as it relates to the dealers, our dealer distribution especially in North America on the Ag side and the Construction as well, for that matter, is actually in very good shape. As we've done a lot of work in recent years, with that dealer network seen a lot of consolidation. Generally, those dealers of tomorrow in particular, their margins are very strong. They utilize parts and service to really cover a significant portion of their fixed cost, which help them as they go through leaner complete goods years, like we're seeing over the last several years. And so that's really helped us maintain again a very, very strong dealer network. One of the things we've talked about, as you go through a downturn, often it does provide a good market share opportunity for us as we tend to manage our inventories much better than the competition. So we're in a better position that way. Our dealers tend to be much stronger. We've had additional investment in product, so really expanding that technology gap between our product and customers. So when you do see that market returning, generally that's again some of our best market share opportunities. And we would expect the same to occur as we go into future years here.
Larry T. De Maria - William Blair & Co. LLC: So would that be factored into this year, Tony? Or would that provide upside if you're able to take advantage in the downturn this year?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Certainly we would have that factored in. And I think as you look at our sales versus the sum total of the guidance that we have for industry, I think certainly that's reflected in those numbers, so.
Larry T. De Maria - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Yep. Next caller?
Operator: Next is from Michael Shlisky of Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. Just want to go back to your comments earlier on the livestock industry. It's only been a few quarters of some kind of weak trends here. Do you think we're kind of seeing the early innings of a multiyear down swing in the livestock world at this time, or is it just more of a temporary blip? And I know you have some kind of new midsize tractor refreshes this year. Is it possible that if we do see a down swing, Deere might gain some share with some of your newer products out there, just kind of fit that 100 horsepower, 110 horsepower range?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Certainly when you bring out new product you always hope that that drives some market share gain. Livestock again, I think you've certainly seen some higher margins, especially through the fall months. You're going get a varying range of what could happen as you move through the year. But I think, as many people are aware, we do use Informa economics as an external consultant there. And generally, I think they would see the feeder cattle market seeing some improvement in margins as we go into 2017. Again, not forecasting the very, very strong margins that we saw a couple years ago, but certainly seeing some improvement. Same thing really for the pork industry. Poultry has remained pretty positive although as production has increased, you see a little bit of erosion in some of those margins. But, again, staying positive. I think, what I would point out is, across the board, on all of those commodities, there is a healthy level of export demand anticipated for U.S. producers. And I think that's probably one of the bigger questions is, does that export market actually happen or not. And so, if you want to point to risk, I think there would be  that would be the major one we would point to, but certainly today in the forecast, we would anticipate margins to stabilize and maybe even slightly improve across the complex. Okay.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thanks, Tony.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Andrew Casey of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Hi, Andy.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Can you provide some additional color on Europe, I mean specifically orders and whether industry inventory levels are elevated in any particular region?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Yeah. I mean I think as you think about Europe from an inventory perspective, certainly not a major concern there. I mean used in pockets would be elevated. Places like the UK with exchange, sliding a bit there. Actually it's helped the used equipment market. That was the area we previously had been pointing to with some elevated used, but you'll see pockets there. But from a new side, actually pretty good shape from an inventory perspective. It's a market that's kind of languished a bit over the last several years in terms of slight up, slight down throughout the region, and really kind of forecasting that as we move through the year. Now one of the positive signs, as Josh pointed out, is dairy now after a year, a year-and-a-half of really having some  creating some headwind in that market appears in current forecast anyway to maybe be seeing some recovery. Now that likely isn't going to drive equipment until maybe later in the year, but really into 2018 assuming that that recovery continues. So again, as usual, kind of pockety, but inventory largely is not really a concern from that perspective. Thank you.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Next caller?
Operator: Yes. Next question is from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Hey, Adam.
Adam William Uhlman - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: I was wondering if we could go back to Construction & Forestry outlook. I'm curious if a pickup in demand from the rental channel is what has been driving the improvement in the order book recently? And then related to that, have you changed your pricing assumptions at all for C&F this year with the dealer inventories getting weak and it sounds like with the strong orders, has that been a component of the forecast increase?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Yeah. Certainly rental I think for us with some of the new product, especially in the compact equipment, is certainly a positive year-over-year. We've talked about things like our skid steer loader that's new this year, that we talked about that really at original budget. So that certainly is a part of the sales for Deere in that regard. Pricing, keep in mind that's less a function of an inventory issue for us. The negative pricing that we saw last year was not driven by our dealers having excess inventory. It was simply the competitive environment where in order to get sales, we were losing market share early in the year and had to ramp up discounting in order to protect some of that. So I think it's a little early yet to anticipate any improvement from a competitive perspective. Certainly we're hopeful that that would happen, but that would not have been part of the change in our outlook from original budget. Okay, thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next is from Brett Wong of Piper Jaffray & Company. Your line is open.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: You bet.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Have you started to see any increased lending in Brazil? And on the government credit availability, do you see any risk to where funds are going to come from? And any thoughts around kind of rates moving lower for Moderfrota there? Also do you see any risk to demand in Brazil given the strengths of the reais impacting some farmer profitability? Thanks.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Yeah. I think broadly as our outlook would anticipate, we continue to see strength and strengthening markets in South America including Brazil. Profitability, while FX may have some impact, certainly is still very positive there. From a FINAME perspective, there's always risk. I think the risk is always greater when you think beyond June, when you move into the next fiscal year in particular. And to your point there's actual opportunity there as well as the overall market rate has come down. I think there is some speculation that there could be some pressure to reduce the Moderfrota rate as we go forward. We'll see what happens there. From a funding perspective, I think the government continues to be very supportive of agriculture. We've seen that, as Josh mentioned. We've already seen them at 50% to the original budget for Moderfrota, and what we've been told is their commitment remains and to the extent there's need for additional funding, that it will be available. So again, I think history would tell us that something that they have supported in the past. So hopefully, we'll continue to see that support as we go forward. Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Next is from Robert Wertheimer of Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you, good morning. Tony, just to clarify on your comments on how far you're out on the 7s, 8s, and 9s, that assumes a flat underlying production rate, and you're a few weeks ahead, a few weeks behind. Is that how I should interpret that?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: That is no. because that implies a production rate in line with what our forecast is.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: What your forecast is, okay.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: That's a very good clarification. It does not necessarily imply that we're  even if we've same availability that you have flat sales year over year, they could be higher, they could be lower.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Exactly. Okay, perfect. And then on commissions paid to dealers, maybe I missed it, but I think that's a new disclosure. Is that a new business practice? What exactly does that mean? Is there something shifting in the market where dealers want you to coordinate with big farmers more directly, or maybe it's on the used trade-in more directly. What exactly does that imply, if anything?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: There are some markets where we do have a little higher level of direct sales to large and very large customers. Brazil would be a market that we would highlight in particular. We have talked about commissions to dealers in the past, and it's usually in environments like this, where you're seeing sales in Brazil really elevated. And so again, in order to compensate our dealers as those sales go directly there are commissions paid to those, those instead of being booked as part of our net sales, actually accounting rules would require us to book those as SA&G in again sales commission. So that's largely what's driving it. You see it a little bit in U.S. and Canada. But again, mostly what you're seeing in the quarter was driven by Brazil.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it, thanks.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Yes, thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Next is from Mig Dobre of Robert W. Baird & Company. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yes, thank you. Good morning. So growth is very much back half weighted for your guidance. I'm trying to see if you can give us a little bit of color as to how we should be thinking about margin progression sequentially, or maybe operating income, however you want to frame it, first half versus second half. And also associated with this, have you made any changes to your raw material assumption for the year?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Generally, again, as you would expect, as you move through the year  and I'm looking at total equipment operations, second and third quarter tends to be our stronger margin quarters. And then we start to see that come off in the fourth quarter, first quarter being as usual the lowest margin quarter. So again, not a significant shift in that breakdown as you move through the year. Again, I'd point out, some years, second and third quarter often compete for which one is the higher margin quarter. But, again, that would be the progression. On a raw material perspective, certainly commodity prices have risen a bit in the quarter from  it actually came down a bit and then back up. But we're still forecasting, I'd say in some cases slight headwind, but really mostly flattish. When you consider the offset of the cost reduction programs that we have in place, those elevated commodity prices are being offset, so really not a significant change from original budget. Okay, next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Next is from Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Hi, Seth.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I just wanted to go back to the pricing question  or the pricing discussion. Pricing was up 2% in the first quarter. You're guiding to 2% in the second quarter, but full year is only up 1%. Is that just some conservatism, or are you seeing something out there in the order book that's causing you to think second half pricing will be softer? Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Keep in mind, first quarter is, again, a very light quarter, and rarely do you see the first quarter drive the full year. Some of that gets into comps year over year as you think about the progression. But again, as you think about pricing, we've talked about over the last several years, even when it's been a point, it's been closer to 1.5 points, and that wouldn't be unique this year versus some of the other years. So again, what we'll see as we go through the year how that pricing works out. And as we talked about earlier, what happens with C&F could drive some of that as well, if the market's competitive environment lessens up a bit, I think that's where we would hope at some point we would see some better pricing.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Okay, next caller?
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next is from Sebastian Kuenne of Berenberg Bank. Your line is open.
Sebastian Kuenne - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Good morning, gentlemen. We all know that the farmer expectations for future income is really bullish since November. So the Midwestern farmers are very positive on the outlook. So I think this might translate also to the dealers becoming a bit more positive. So when you say that the pre-orders are shooting up, is that really orders from the end farmer that the farmer purchase and order these large equipment, or is it more restocking with the dealers? Do you see a difference in Q1 this year compared to last year?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: It's a good point and one to always keep in mind. What I would tell you is, on the combine early order program, there is a mix there every year between retail and some dealer order for stock. The mix this year is very consistent with what we saw a year ago. And similarly on our large tractors, it would be a very similar mix. So the short answer is no, it's not increased orders that should be implied to see just inventory increases. It's again, a similar mix between retail and stock, with the heavier on a large Ag equipment, a heavier mix  much heavier mix towards retail versus stock. Okay, thank you. Next caller?
Sebastian Kuenne - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Just a quick follow-up, but it's true that last year the focus was more on destocking with your dealers, whereas this year the trend is more towards restocking?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Again, what we're not doing is under-producing to retail. So last year we would  yeah, so again, I would say inventory levels, other than the fact that we have the ability to produce to retail, is not really a story, if you will, in terms of our orders year over year. Okay. Next caller?
Sebastian Kuenne - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next is from Nicole Deblase of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for squeezing me in, guys. Good morning. So I want to ask about the Construction & Forestry margin guidance. I know you guys had a 150 basis point headwind from sales incentives during the first quarter, and I guess I'm curious, does that completely go away in 2Q and beyond? I'm just trying to think of the cadence of C&F margins throughout 2017.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Certainly as you get into the back-half of the year, the comp gets much easier. Now I guess I should point out in second quarter, remember, because we increased our outlook for discounting, there was the accrual bumped-up in the second quarter. So that does create I guess an easier comp in the second quarter. But as you think about sequentially pricing in the end market we would hope becomes more consistent as we move through the back-half of the year. But really, a little bit higher material costs, not so much from materials being purchased in the U.S. so much, but some higher emissions-related costs. And remember, we do purchase  we have some partner products that come from Japan. Some of those yen-based products on excavators, the exchange is creating some higher costs year-over-year there. And again, the negative price realization is really what's driving from a negative side some of the lower margins in C&F so.
Nicole Deblase - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it, thanks.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Thank you, and we'll take one last call.
Operator: Yes. Our last question is from Joel Tiss, BMO. Your line is open.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Most of them have been answered. I don't know if you talked about the warranty, why it was up so much. And I just wanted to add on that, the cost cutting, is that pretty much all just head count reduction? Or is there anything else in there? Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: Yeah. I'll start with warranty and I'll let Raj handle the cost reduction. But really if you think about that warranty that was identified for Ag in the quarter, again, I would emphasize first quarter is a relatively low quarter, so changes tend to be magnified a bit more than they would be certainly in things like our second and third quarter. But it was in part due to a change in our Service Parts Warranty program. So in the U.S. and Canada, our parts for Ag & Turf in the past would have been 90-day warranty. That has shifted to a full year for Ag parts and six months on Turf parts. So obviously, when you make those changes, again, there's an accrual for all of the service parts that are already at a dealer in dealer inventory, and that accrual rate goes up for all of those. And so that's reflected in the quarter that the change is made and you're seeing that reflected this quarter.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: And, Joel, your question on structural cost reduction, which bucket it's coming from, we have said in the past, material costs, direct and indirect, would be about 40% of that and people-related costs about 20%. And then there are a lot of other areas like R&D and lower depreciation that constitute the rest. So I would say people-related costs is definitely delivering as we anticipated, so is the material costs. If you recall on the material costs we said that structural cost reduction we're aiming for is about 2.5%, but we allow for 1.5 points of material inflation and FX, and net of only 1 point is included in the structural cost reduction goal of over $500 million. So that is also yielding results as we anticipated.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just a quick  sorry. Why would you have to take a charge for raw material cost-related reductions?
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: It's just simply as we did the calculation from a practical perspective, we assumed there would be some commodity inflation that would be more than offset by the cost-reduction project. That's not uncommon for us historically as you see inflationary periods here and there. And so, it was a way to make sure that we really were looking at this on a net-basis, not a gross-basis from a cost reduction perspective as it relates to material so.
Joel Gifford Tiss - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, thank you very much.
Rajesh Kalathur - Deere & Co.: Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Deere & Co.: And again, we'll conclude our call. We appreciate your participation. As always, we'll be available throughout the day and in the next week to take any follow-up calls. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-11-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director, Investor Relations Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer Josh Jepsen - Manager, Investor Communications
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Securities Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs David Raso - Evercore ISI Steve Fisher - UBS Securities Ross Gilardi - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital Mike Shlisky - Seaport Global securities LLC Tim Thein - Citigroup Global Markets Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Company Brett Wong - Piper Jaffray & Company Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC Nicole DeBlase - Deutsche Bank Securities Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Companys Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Hello. Also, on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer and Josh Jepsen, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deeres fourth quarter earnings, our markets and our initial outlook for fiscal 2017. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media maybe stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Josh?
Josh Jepsen: John Deere today reported solid financial results for the fourth quarter and did so in spite of the continuing impact of the global farm recession in difficult conditions in the construction equipment sector. As in prior quarters, our performance was helped by the sound execution of our operating plans, the impact of a broad product portfolio and our success in keeping the tight rein on cost and assets. For the full year, the company had earnings of $1.52 billion, a top 10-year. In our view, thats a noteworthy achievement in light of tough business conditions and certainly well above the levels we have experienced in previous downturns. For 2017, we are looking for similar overall market conditions with a slight decline being forecast for sales and earnings. Now, lets take a closer look at the fourth quarter in detail beginning on Slide 4. Net sales and revenues were down 3% to $6.52 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $285 million. EPS was $0.90 in the quarter. On Slide 5, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 5% to $5.65 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 3 points. Currency translation was favorable by 1 point. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with agriculture and turf on Slide 6. Net sales were down 5% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Lower sales were recorded in most regions of the world, mainly in the U.S. and Canada. One notable exception was South America, which experienced higher sales led by Brazil and Argentina. Operating profit was $371 million and operating margins were 8.4% in the quarter. The increase in operating profit was primarily driven by price realization and to a lesser extent, by lower pension and OPEB expense, material and production cost. Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the ag business. Slide 7 outlines U.S. farm cash receipts. Given the large crop harvests in 2015 and consequently to lower commodity prices we are seeing today, our 2016 forecast calls for cash receipts to be down about 6% from 2015 levels. Moving to 2017, we expect total cash receipts to be approximately $367 billion, about the same as in 2016 as lower livestock cash receipts are offset by higher crop receipts. On Slide 8, global grain and oilseed stocks-to-use ratios are forecast to remain at elevated but generally unchanged levels in 2016 and 17 as abundant crops are mostly offset by strong demand conditions around the world. Chinese grain and oilseed stocks have continued to increase in 2016 with supply, domestic production plus imports outpacing demand. Chinese stocks of grains and oilseeds now represent almost half of the worlds stocks. Given these stocks are unlikely to be exported the world market is sensitive to any production setbacks or major geopolitical disruptions. World cotton stocks have now fallen for second consecutive season and to the lowest level in five seasons, reflecting lower planting and stronger global demand. Our economic outlook for the EU28 is on Slide 9. Geopolitical risks such as Brexit remain elevated contributing to the outlook for slow economic growth. Farm incomes remain under pressure and is below long-term averages, especially after a poor harvest in France. The dairy sector continues to experience weakness although there are signs the market is bottoming out. As a result, industry farm machinery demand in the EU region is expected to be down about 5% in 2017. On Slide 10, you will see economic fundamentals outlined for other targeted growth markets. In China, slower economic growth persists and ag policy changes are causing short-term uncertainty for most domestic and global markets. As a result, we anticipate lowered industry sales. Turning to India, the government continues to focus on reviving growth in the ag sector and improving farm incomes. The value of agricultural production is expected to increase as a result of normal rains after 2 years of below average monsoons. These factors are expected to drive increased industry demand in India. Shifting to Brazil, Slide 11 illustrates the crop value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agri business. Ag production is expected to increase about 7% in 2017 in U.S. dollar terms due to recovering corn and the continued increase in ethanol demand. From a local currency perspective, the change is about 6%. Ag fundamentals remain positive and farmer confidence is at its highest level since 2013 due to improved political stability and signs of economic progress. We expect these factors to lead to higher industry equipment sales. Staying in Brazil, Slide 12 illustrates the finance rates for ag equipment. Moderfrota rates announced earlier this year remain at 8.5% for small and midsized farmers and 10.5% for large farmers. The governments ongoing commitment to agriculture continues and indications of shifting budgets to ensure availability of funds for Moderfrota are positive signals for the farm sector in Brazil. Our 2017 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 13. Industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are forecast to be down 5% to 10% with the effects being felt in both large and small models of equipment. Still, there are signs that large ag market is nearing bottom as indicated by the fact that the decline expected in 2017 is less than we saw in 2016. The EU28 industry outlook is forecasted to be down about 5% in 2017 due to low crop prices and farm incomes as well as persistent pressure on the dairy sector. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be up about 15% in 2017, a reflection of the factors already discussed for Brazil as well as positive industry sentiments in Argentina. Shifting to Asia, sales are expected to be flat to up slightly with growth in India being the main driver. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be roughly flat in 2017 with Deere sales outpacing the industry. Putting this altogether, on Slide 14, fiscal year 2017 Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment are forecast to be down about 1%, including about 1 point of positive currency translation. The ag and turf division operating margin is forecast to be about 8.5% in 2017. Now, lets focus on construction and forestry on Slide 15. Net sales were down 5% in the quarter due to lower shipment volumes and higher sales incentive costs both mainly driven by the U.S. market. The U.S. and Canadian markets continued to be extremely competitive and the pricing environment remains challenging. The division incurred an operating loss of $17 million in the quarter due to higher sales incentive costs, an impairment charge for international operations of $25 million and higher production costs. The divisions decremental margin was 33% for the full year. Moving to Slide 16 and looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide. GDP growth is positive. Construction spending is increasing and housing starts are expected to exceed 1 million units again this year. In spite of these positive signals, the market demand for construction equipment continues to be weak. Factors contributing to the weakness have not changed dramatically over the past quarter. Conditions in the oil and gas sector, for example, continued to be slow. Also, construction contractors are delaying fleet replenishment because of the uncertain markets. Rental utilization rate declines persist, leading to a reduction in fleets and elevated levels of used inventory. Housing starts in the U.S. for single-family homes remain below the long-term average and multifamily home construction is slowing due to overbuilding in some parts of the country. On balance, Deeres construction and forestry sales are forecast to be up about 1% in 2017 with positive currency translation of about 1 point. Global forestry markets are expected to be roughly flat in 2017. C&Fs full year operating margin is projected to be about 3.5%. Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 17 shows the provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio. The provision at the end of 2016 was 23 basis points, reflecting the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The 2017 forecast anticipates a loss provision of about 29 basis points, up somewhat from historically low levels of recent years. This puts the provision just above the 10-year average of 26 basis points though below the 15-year average of 34 basis points. Moving to Slide 18, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $110 million in the fourth quarter versus $153 million last year. 2016 net income attributable to Deere & Company was $468 million compared with $633 million in 2015. The lower results for both periods were primarily due to less favorable financing spreads, higher losses on residual values and a higher provision for credit losses. Also, remember that full year 2015 results benefited from a gain on the sale of our crop insurance business of about $30 million. Deeres worldwide financial services operation is expected to earn about $480 million in 2017. The outlook reflects lower losses on lease residual values partially offset by less favorable financing spreads and an increased provision for credit losses. Slide 19 outlines receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the year down $517 million. They are expected to decline again in 2017 by about $250 million. For the year ahead, we expect to produce in line with retail demand for large ag equipment while under-producing in the small ag sector, which is mostly related to midsized tractors and other livestock related products. Before getting into cost of sales, lets discuss the voluntary separation programs initiated during the fourth quarter of 2016 as part of efforts to improve our cost structure. As noted in todays earnings announcement, pre-tax expenses related to the programs were $11 million in 2016 and will be about $105 million in 2017, most of which will be incurred in the first quarter. These expenses are recorded in the period employees accept the offer. While the voluntary separation programs applied to salaried employees throughout the U.S., a vast majority of those accepting offers were within the equipment divisions. These costs have an impact on cost of sales, R&D and SA&G. Savings from the programs are expected to be about $75 million in 2017. Moving to Slide 20, cost of sales as a percent of net sales for 2016 was 78% versus previous guidance of 78.7%, a result of structural cost reduction efforts. Our guidance for 2017 cost of sales is about 78%. When modeling 2017, keep these unfavorable impacts in mind: an unfavorable product mix, overhead spending, and Tier 4 product costs. On the favorable side, we expect price realization of about 1 point and lower incentive compensation expense. Please note that our cost of sales guidance is flat with 2016 in spite of increasing commodity cost, higher pension and OPEB expenses and lower volume. Now, lets look at some additional details with respect to R&D expense on Slide 21. R&D was down 4% in the fourth quarter and 3% for the full year. Currency translation had a negative impact of 1% for the full year. Our 2017 forecast calls for R&D to be down about 3%. Moving now to Slide 22, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up 3% in the fourth quarter with commissions paid to dealers, incentive compensation, the voluntary separation programs and pension and OPEB expense accounting for 2 points of the change on a net basis. SA&G expense for the full year was down 5% with currency translation, pension and OPEB expense and incentive compensation accounting for most of the change. Our 2017 forecast on Slide 23 shows SA&G expense being up about 1% with a net impact of about 2 points from the voluntary separation program, currency translation and incentive compensation. Turning to Slide 24, pension and OPEB expense was down $53 million for the quarter and down $200 million for the full year. The forecast for pension and OPEB expense for 2017 is up about $30 million. On Slide 25, the equipment operations tax rate was 32% in the quarter and 30% for the full year. The lower rate resulted mainly from discrete items. For 2017, the projected effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 33% to 35%. Slide 26 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations was $2.9 billion in 2016 and is forecast to be about $2.5 billion in 2017. The 2017 outlook for the first quarter and full year is on Slide 27. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be down about 4% compared with 2016. This includes about 1 point of price realization and about 2 points of favorable currency translation. The full year forecast calls for net sales to be down about 1%. Price realization and favorable currency translation are each expected to be about 1 point. Finally, our full year 2017 net income forecast is about $1.4 billion. Comparing 2016 and 2017, Slide 28 shows the high-level reconciliation of operating profit for the equipment operations adjusted for special items. Operating profit was $1.88 billion for the equipment operations in 2016 included were special items, which require consideration, a $75 million pre-tax gain from the sale of a partial interest in SiteOne landscape supply, impairment charges for the C&F operations internationally of about $25 million, and voluntary separation programs of $11 million. Adjusted for these factors, 2016 operating profit would have been $1.841 billion. Based on the guidance provided for net sales changes in 2017 and operating margins by segment, the implied operating profit for the equipment operations is forecast to be between $1.7 billion and $1.75 billion. Included were the following items of note: voluntary separation program cost of $96 million related to the equipment operations, pension and OPEB expenses of about $30 million and other non-recurring cost of about $55 million. After adjusting for these items, implied operating profit for 2017 is in the range of $1.88 billion to $1.93 billion. On an adjusted basis, the comparison shows an improvement between $40 million to $90 million for 2017 even with lower sales volumes, which are projected to be down about 3%. The lower volumes negatively impact the 2017 forecast. When considering the special and non-recurring items as well as the impact of lower volumes, they show the company is continuing to deliver improved operational performance due in part to structural cost reduction initiatives. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Raj Kalathur, for additional comments.
Raj Kalathur: Thanks, Josh. Last quarter, we talked about our plans to improve pre-tax profit by at least $500 million through structural cost reductions by the end of 2018. These benefits would apply to 2016 volume levels. We expect to see the full benefit of the $500 million improvement in the year 2019 and beyond. These cost reduction efforts began in March of 2016 and contributed in excess of $90 million for the year 2016. The 2017 forecast includes an additional about $190 million of structural cost reduction. Here is some detail about where the $500 million in improvement is expected to come from. Number one, structural direct and indirect material cost reduction is the largest contributor of improvement, roughly one-third. Now, this is the result of leveraging existing supplier relationships, resourcing and designing cost out of our products. Second, people-related costs are the second largest category of reduction, about one-fifth of the total improvement. The voluntary separation program that Josh discussed is a significant example. Other areas of improvement include changes to our variable pay structure especially under trough conditions as well as lower R&D spending and lower depreciation associated with lower capital expenditures. Overall, our teams are making good progress towards the $500 plus million goal and we have confidence it will be realized. In conjunction with sound execution, disciplined cost management will allow us to continue delivering significantly better performance than in downturns of the past. And of course, these same factors will provide a continued benefit when market conditions strengthen. All-in-all then, we remain confident in our companys present direction and believe Deere is well positioned to provide significant value to our customers and investors in the future.
Tony Huegel: Thanks, Raj. Now, we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure and in consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Leon?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse Securities. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Good morning. I dont know where to start. I guess, Raj, I appreciate the incremental color that you gave us associated with the $500 million in the savings that you outlined, the $90 million  the $190 million in 2017. And you gave more color on sort of costs, you know what I mean, the $116 million, but can you just give us more color so for 16, 17 and 18, what are the total  what are the costs each year associated with the $500 million?
Raj Kalathur: So Jamie, we said for 2016, its in excess of $90 million on an operating profit basis, okay?
Josh Jepsen: The benefit.
Raj Kalathur: The benefit. Yes.
Jamie Cook: Okay. But whats the cost?
Josh Jepsen: The cost associated with that.
Jamie Cook: Yes, I want the cost associated with those savings each year.
Raj Kalathur: And we have said the voluntary separation costs are the primary ones if you look at it and its about $11 million in 2016, okay. In 2017, we have said that the benefits are an incremental $190 million and we have also said the costs are  was it, $75 million?
Tony Huegel: $105 million.
Raj Kalathur: $105 million in total, yes. So, $105 million in total  in 17. So, now there will be some costs, but you will realize that on the structural material and direct - indirect and direct material cost side, the costs will be pretty minimal. The benefits will be substantial. Okay. On the voluntary separation type programs, there will be a cost and we have told you a lot of it in 16 and 17, okay?
Tony Huegel: And as we go forward, Jamie, if there are significant  to your point, if there are significant costs similar to the voluntary separation, we will certainly call those out as those are incurred and try to keep people abreast of what those are. But at this point, I mean your question about 2018.
Jamie Cook: Yes, I was just trying to understand what was incremental to the $11 million and the $105 million that you had pointed out. Because last quarter, you said three buckets, SG&A, material costs, you know what I mean, so I was just trying to get more color beyond what you guys provided?
Tony Huegel: Yes, undoubtedly, there is some, but there is nothing of significance.
Jamie Cook: Okay, I will get back in queue. Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you. Next caller.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Casey. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Thanks a lot. Good morning and happy Thanksgiving early.
Tony Huegel: Thank you, sir.
Andy Casey: I guess I had question on financial services it looked like it took you about $10 million cash charge for impairment during the quarter. You guided contribution up for 17. Can you discuss what you are seeing in terms of dealer originations for operating leases? And whether it sounds like you are feeling more comfortable about the residual value risk going forward? Can you kind of talk about what you are seeing?
Tony Huegel: Sure. As you think about the maturities and so on with leases, keep in mind that we talked about this last quarter. We did have a significant level of maturities that occurred in the fourth quarter. In fact, if you look at October alone, the month of October in terms of what sales we had of matured leases, about 2x to 3x the typical months that we had. And again, thats on the sales side. So, we did see again on our maturity, a pretty significant peak in the fall. We will, as we go forward, as you think about lease maturities, you will continue to see some of those seasonal increases. So, as we mentioned before, you will see some increase in the spring generally and then again in the fall. So, typically our second and fourth quarters are the quarters that we will see those. But at this point, we would anticipate what we thought fourth quarter 2016 would be the highest peak from a maturity perspective. Certainly, we continue to see customers continuing to elect operating leases at a bit higher level than what we would have seen on a more historic basis. I think the current market conditions explain much of that. But I would also point out it isnt at some of the extreme levels that I have seen being reported. If you look over the last 12 months for example, so for 2016, if you look at just the retail financing of equipment, so comparing retail notes versus operating leases. Operating leases in terms of volumes coming in the door were about 25% of the total. Thats up. Historically, we would be in the mid to upper teens. So, its certainly at a more elevated level, but not to the degree or to the extent that some perhaps have reported. So, hopefully, it gives you a little bit of color on where we are at with the operating leases. But to your point, as we move forward especially when we get past second quarter with some of the changes that were made, at that point in time on the short-term leases, we would feel and then you are seeing it reflected in the forecast, a bit more confident on that front as we go into 17. Right, thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jerry Revich. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Happy Thanksgiving everyone.
Tony Huegel: Thanks, Jerry.
Jerry Revich: Can you folks talk about now that you have completed largely anyway that Tier 4 transition how much of the cost improvement that you are seeing in 16 and into 17 is from lower factory and lower procurement costs now that you are focusing on optimizing the cost structure on the products? How much of a tailwind is that dynamic for you over the 2 years?
Tony Huegel: Yes. I think that unfortunately a level of detail, I am not going to be able to provide. But as you think about it kind of on a higher level, I think it is worth noting we still have emissions transition cost anticipated. Some of that is final Tier 4, so we still have some Final Tier 4 conversions. But also keep in mind as we go into 2017, Brazil has a Tier 3 conversion. So, there will be some cost there. So, emissions does continue to be an increase year-over-year. Now, thats on the one side. To your point, a portion of what we have talked about with the structural cost reduction is going back to some of those applications on Final Tier 4 where we have first and foremost found the most reliable solution. Now going back and looking at, are there ways we can still clearly meet those requirements that do so on a less expensive basis and so that really goes to  and would contribute to some of that kind of a third of the cost reduction that we are targeting on product costs. A good portion of that does relate to some of the Tier 4 future savings we would hope as we take some of those costs out of products on a go-forward basis.
Jerry Revich: And Tony, just to clarify, the transition cost you mentioned there up in Brazil, but globally, they are down, correct because.
Tony Huegel: It would still be an incremental cost on a global basis. You remember, those costs generally dont go away. And you still have, yes, Brazil transitioning, you have other products on a global basis transitioning. You have got some forestry products in Europe. You would still have some smaller product in the U.S. that we will be going through some transition. China, we have gone through some Tier 3 transition. So, the emissions broadly speaking continues to move forward on a global basis and so that will continue to provide some additional cost as we go forward at least for the foreseeable future.
Jerry Revich: Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Raso. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi, good morning.
Tony Huegel: Hi, David.
David Raso: My question is on pricing, obviously, the 3% was pretty impressive. We havent seen that in many, many quarters. So, it maybe dovetails a bit into how you are viewing Deere Capital and the losses for residual values, but can you take us through a little bit, what are you seeing on pricing, the 3% for the quarter and maybe the pricing that you see in the order book and use pricing as it relates to the residual value thoughts for next year?
Tony Huegel: Yes. So, as you think  yes, when you think about the new pricing and specifically in the quarter, I would say it really is attributed to the discounting was down pretty significantly and you saw that coming through in the 3 points of price realization. And I would say thats particularly true for the ag business as we have talked about with construction, that continues to be actually the opposite story, thats the very challenged market from a competition perspective and a pricing perspective. With used pricing, I would say more of what we have said last quarter where we really have seen, I would say stabilization of that used pricing as we speak with dealers, much higher confidence as they are negotiating trade-ins, the value that they are able to put on that trade-in and what they feel they can accept. Keep in mind the challenge always on residual values is thats more about the wholesale perspective and the ability for dealers to purchase those  that used equipment coming off of lease and adding it to their used inventory level. So, we do continue to see some lower residual values on leasing and you saw that reflected in the results for the quarter. But again, I think the good news there is generally stabilization on that used equipment pricing.
David Raso: Okay. And if I can quickly ask, that SiteOne gain from last year, I believe you dont have any SiteOne gain in 2017 guidance. But given the secondary thats out there already, can you at least help us with assuming  can you give us some idea of the size of the gain essentially given where the stock is today versus May to calibrate there or is there any reason not to assume there is a gain, I guess, from the secondary?
Raj Kalathur: So David, there is a follow-on offering that SiteOne has come out with, but its not in our forecast and thats probably all we can say about it. They are just doing for follow-on offering as one thing and actually doing it is the secondary thing. So, we dont want to talk about the probabilities of that.
Tony Huegel: And that will be updated  if and when it happens, it would be updated at that point in time.
Raj Kalathur: And its not in our 2017 forecast right now.
David Raso: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Alright. Next caller. Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Steve Fisher from UBS Securities. Your line is open.
Steve Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. Just a follow-up on the pricing question, so it sounds like things are nicely stabilizing in the ag business, allowing you to get that 3% with the lower discounting. Just kind of curious why isnt that sustainable into 2017 given that you are forecasting a more moderate pricing benefit in 2017 or are you assuming that there could be some upside to that as the year goes on?
Tony Huegel: Well, again, I think the thing I would point out keep in mind thats a quarter-over-quarter difference that you are comparing what happened in 2015 to what happened in 2016. And then so we certainly didnt see the increased level of incentive that we perhaps would often see in the fourth quarter didnt repeat in 2016. So again, I think as you go forward, we are still focused on seeing good positive price realization across equipment operations and you are seeing that reflected in the forecast. So candidly, we are still in very low end markets, especially as you think about large ag equipment and so the price realization is I think fairly attractive given that perspective. But its really driven I would point out by our ability to continue to innovate. You are seeing that in our R&D spend and now you are seeing the benefit of that as we bring innovative new product out, we are able to then see that in the form of price realization. And so I think again, I think its a pretty positive story overall. Thank you.
Steve Fisher: Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ross Gilardi from Bank of America Securities Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ross Gilardi: Yes, good morning. Yes, I was just wondering, can you guys just talk more about how your early order program kind of finished out or is looking now in sort of the backlog by region? And does your current order intake reflect the 15% increase that you are forecasting for South America?
Tony Huegel: Yes. So, as you think about orders and keep my early order program primarily relate to the U.S. and Canada on large ag equipment. You see it in limited form in some of the other parts of the world. As you think about the combine early order program, keep in mind, its still in process. So, that actually ends in January. During the quarter, we would have ended our second phase of a multiphase program. I would tell you the order intake there was very supportive of the forecast in that regard. And again on large tractors, we continue to be pretty much in line slightly behind on the 8R tractors, if you think about availability year-over-year, but again, very supportive order position on the North American large ag versus our forecast. As you think about outside and I think maybe the most significant one is Brazil in South America and I think the question there that we talked about last quarter was, how much of that is simply pull ahead of that Tier 3 conversion that I mentioned previously. And we are seeing strength in the order book beyond the January 1 date and so that really is why we are reflecting that higher level of sales for the full fiscal year. Certainly, you will see some strength in the next couple of months, this month and December, ahead of that Tier 3. But our belief is what we are seeing in the order book that, that strength will continue beyond December 31. So, the short answer to your question on South America is yes, we are seeing it in the order book.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks, Tony.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Robert Wertheimer from Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Robert Wertheimer: Yes, hi, good morning.
Tony Huegel: Hi, Rob.
Robert Wertheimer: Are you  now that we have finished out the year, you have noted in the past, obviously how the 100 plus horsepower category isnt really big farming tractors anymore stuff has crept in. Can you give us a sense of what your high horsepower 180 and above or whatever you want to do is versus maybe the 2002 trough or how far down we are from peak on the 180-hp revenues?
Tony Huegel: Yes. Again, we dont break out the inventory levels and give quite that much detail. I think what I  I think what is worth, pardon me?
Robert Wertheimer: Revenues  what production was in revenues for you guys versus the prior peak in trough?
Tony Huegel: Yes. Again, we dont guide on what those levels are by product type per se. But I think when you think about the levels that we are seeing from an inventory perspective specifically with that 100 plus, we did end the year with higher levels of 100 plus horsepower tractors. But as you point out, that was almost all below the 200  220 horsepower, what we call large ag and really in that 6,000 series type of product. And you see that reflected in our lower receivables and inventory next year for the ag division. Much of that is kind of that midsized equipment getting pulled down further in 2017. And some of that candidly as we ended the year up higher than we would have liked on the 6,000 in particular. We talked a lot about that issue in the past. As you think about large ag equipment, as we expected, we are producing mostly the retail on large ag equipment as we go into 2017 and thats I think reflected in that sales outlook.
Robert Wertheimer: Okay. Thanks, Tony.
Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you. Appreciate it. Next caller.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Shlisky from Seaport Global securities LLC. Your line is open.
Mike Shlisky: Good morning, guys. A lot of questions here, but maybe I will just touch on turf and utility on my question. I think you said that it should be flat in 2017 with Deere outperforming. Can you just give us more color as to why you might outperform, is there a change in dealership networks or new products there or anything I should kind of point to there as to why you might be better than the industry in 2017?
Tony Huegel: Sure. I think probably the biggest category or biggest reason there is simply the new products that we have in the market and we would expect those to help continue to provide some market share. So, that would be the short answer. Alright, thank you.
Mike Shlisky: Thank you so much.
Tony Huegel: Next caller.
Operator: Next question comes from Tim Thein from Citigroup Global Markets. Your line is open.
Tim Thein: Thank you. Good morning. Tony, just want to come back to one of the headwinds you have cited for ag and turf being product mix. And I know you used to provide that in kind of the basis point term. But I am not sure you can do that now. But just kind of thinking through your comments with producing in line in large ag and not in small, Brazil being up nicely, both of which you think would be positive for mix. So, maybe just put a little bit more color around that your expectations for product mix? Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Right. Generally, when we have talked about large versus small, we have also pointed out small really combines midsize and utility. And so what you are seeing in some of that underproduction, as I mentioned earlier, a lot of that underproduction is coming of that midsized product, which again from a mix perspective would be a bit more negative. So, as you think about year-over-year strengths and weaknesses in the business, you are still seeing a fair level of weakness in some of that mid to large equipment at least year-over-year with continued strength in the smaller end of the portfolio. So, thats just from a product mix perspective and given where South American volumes are today, that geographic mix wouldnt be as attractive as what it would be if we were in more normal levels. So keep in mind, their production is significantly down as well and so that does put pressure there. So, its kind of a combination of those things. Volume candidly though, year-over-year volume for ag and turf is the bigger headwind, there is some mix impact as well.
Tim Thein: Alright. Understood. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: The next question comes from Mig Dobre from Robert W. Baird & Company. Your line is open.
Mig Dobre: Yes, good morning everyone.
Tony Huegel: Hi, Mig.
Mig Dobre: A lot of questions already asked, but I am going to ask you a tax question, if you would. Have you formed some sort of a view or do you have any internal modeling as to how your tax rate might progress going forward if what Mr. Trump is proposing out there in terms of tax reform actually comes to be?
Tony Huegel: Yes. I am going to take that question and make it broader than just tax. And what I would tell you is the thing  the most important thing is anything thats being talked about in media and anywhere else is obviously speculation at this point in terms of what may or may not happen. And so certainly internally, we are evaluating different scenarios. So, the short answer to your question is the, of course, we are looking at what that impact may or may not be, but we are looking at all kinds of scenarios, because at the end of the day, we want to be prepared for whatever does become reality. But we are  at this point, it would be premature to talk about that publicly just because it would be pure speculation, so  but we do appreciate the question. Thanks. Next caller.
Operator: The next question comes from Brett Wong from Piper Jaffray & Company. Your line is open.
Brett Wong: Hi, thanks. Just wondering if you can talk to Europe a little bit since you havent talked about that yet, I am just wondering kind of the drivers behind the 5% and what could indicate bottoming in the weaker dairy industry?
Tony Huegel: Yes. It certainly  Europe as you are well aware, its always a mixed bag country by country in terms of where you maybe seeing some strength versus weakness. I will start with dairy though. I mean really what we are seeing there is in some of the dairy pricing, you are certainly starting to see some of that level  you see some periods where dairy pricing was up pretty nicely, but its early. But again, I think thats what we characterize it as we did. There are signs that its bottoming, that doesnt mean it bottomed or how soon things might recover, but that is a positive versus where we would have been even as early as last quarter incrementally in Europe. But if you think about more broadly, I mean clearly, I think maybe the two of the more noteworthy regions there, France, which is our largest market, went through a very difficult harvest and the harvest is down. Farm incomes are going to be lower. Thats going to put pressure clearly on sales there, and coupled with that, as you are probably aware, there was a tax incentive program earlier in the year in France that did drive a lot of sales. And now while its still in place, not a lot of income for those French farmers, so its unlikely to have this anywhere near the type of advantages it did last year. So arguably, France would be a more challenged market. In the very short-term, I dont want to emphasize that, the concerns around Brexit and so on could  is expected to drive some benefit for the UK. You have seen exports of the used equipment become much more attractive with the FX shifts. And in the short-term we are likely to see some higher level of sales as most of those customers they are expecting that they still see some price increases as most manufacturers are importing into the UK. And so again, with the FX shift, thats likely to drive higher pricing and so they are buying ahead of that. So, there would be some benefit again in the short-term there. Longer term, obviously, that would likely have more downside than upside. So, I think those are maybe a couple of the more significant and especially when you throw the dairy commentary in the more significant pieces of Europe as you think about 2017. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Joel Tiss from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss: Alright. I made it.
Tony Huegel: Hi, Joel.
Joel Tiss: Hi, how is it going? I just wondered if you could talk a little bit about your produce  your production levels, because just trying to understand how the volumes of the factories are moving. How much you under-produced retail in 2016 and I know you said you are going to produce in line with 2017 just so we can get a little bit of a sense of the production changes underneath the covers there?
Tony Huegel: Sure. Yes, I think  as you know I would start with while certainly being able to produce to retail in some of those large ag factories is a benefit year-over-year. I would stress we are still at really low levels. We have talked before about capacity being below 50% in most of those  really across the board in the large ag facilities. That wouldnt change with the ability to build to retail. Because keep in mind, while we did draw field inventories down last year, it wasnt as significant of a drawdown as what we experienced for example in 2015. So again, you get benefit, but its not like all of a sudden, those factories are running at highly efficient levels. So, I think thats probably the most important thing to keep in mind. We havent talked about the level of specifically what the underproduction was last year. But I think again, you are seeing that reflected in the overall outlook. If you look at the sales, while most of our markets especially our largest market down 5 to 10 on a retail basis, you are seeing our sales reflecting a more positive trend than that. And I think thats part of that story. So, probably not much more I can say on that, but hopefully gives you a little bit of additional color.
Joel Tiss: Am I able to sneak another half a question in?
Tony Huegel: I think we are going to have to move on. There is a large number of people still in queue. Yes, sorry. Thank you.
Joel Tiss: Thanks very much.
Tony Huegel: Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research Partners LLC. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning.
Tony Huegel: Hi, Joe.
Joe O'Dea: Could you talk about the operating leases and when you see higher volumes rolling off lease in the fourth quarter, just what the experience was with where that equipment went, whether the farmers were leasing it, were then buying it? The dealers are absorbing it whether you took more of it than you normally do, but if we just think about that, is it proxy for dealing with higher volumes coming off lease moving forward?
Tony Huegel: Yes. I think in the quarter, we would have seen similar maybe slightly higher return rates. So, it wasnt a major shift towards customers or dealers keeping that equipment. So that kind of continued. But again, thats all factored in. Any of those shifts would have been factored into the impairment and loss in anticipation or charge that we would have taken in the quarter as we have through most of 2016. We continue to look out over the next 12 months at our lease maturities and based on more recent activity both the return rate and loss rate would book, what we think is an appropriate impairment on some of those future maturities. So, again, we would have  I think the key there is we would have reflected that already at least for the next 12 months in that outlook.
Joe O'Dea: Great. Thanks very much.
Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you. Next caller.
Operator: The next question comes from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank Securities. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning.
Tony Huegel: Hi, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Hi. So, just a question around C&F, some of your peers have talked about channel inventory still being too high and needing to work those down at the dealer level for the next several quarters. I am just curious how you view your current dealer inventory levels within the construction business?
Tony Huegel: Yes, to appreciate that question, we  as you saw really in our numbers for receivables and inventory last year, our dealers drew their inventory level down pretty dramatically in 16. As a result, while we are still on an inventory and receivable level bringing C&F down further, thats almost all inventory for C&F. There is very little receivable reduction in that division and its really just reflective from a new equipment perspective, we think our dealers are in very good shape. Now, the good news there is if we ever do start seeing more positive trends in that market for us, I think we would be in a position where dealers would likely need to add to their inventory from current levels. So again, I think thats reflective of the good work the division and our dealers did in 2016 that we are able to put that type of forecast for sales in 2017.
Nicole DeBlase: And is it a similar dynamic on used inventory?
Tony Huegel: No. Used continues to be  and thats one of the drags we would continue to point to. I think Josh pointed out in the opening comments. Used continues to be one of those kind of weights or headwinds for that market. Certainly, our dealers arent  we would argue probably in a little better shape than much of the competition, but again, thats a little harder to gauge as well, but certainly broadly for that market will continue to be a headwind.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, thanks.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies LLC. Your line is open. Can you recheck your phone Mr. Volkmann?
Stephen Volkmann: Sorry about that.
Tony Huegel: There we go, okay.
Operator: The next question comes  sorry
Tony Huegel: We got it, yes.
Stephen Volkmann: So, just a question about how to think about your forecasting ability, I mean, obviously, a quarter ago, you kind of gave us an idea of the full year. We backed into the fourth quarter, which you then beat handily. And normally, I feel like you guys have kind of good visibility quarter out and things dont change too markedly. And I am just trying to figure out if thats changed or if you are maybe being conservative last quarter or just how I should think about your visibility relative to history?
Tony Huegel: And I am assuming that question is mostly targeted towards ag since that was the division that really had a pretty strong beat in the quarter. I would tell you from a sales perspective clearly, our sales were higher. Pricing again was the incentive spend just wasnt as high in the quarter. So, that was a big part of the  most of the beat. But as you think about even on a volume basis, we did see kind of broadly some better sales levels. So, it didnt come from all U.S. and Canada. It didnt come even to the extent that there was increases in U.S. and Canada, it was broadly across a number of products. So, it would be difficult for us to even call out unless we put a very long list together where that sales increase came from. And sometimes, we will have quarters where unfortunately everything kind of moves against us. And we have a lot of little things that add up to a big negative. This happens to be a quarter where we have a lot of little things that were positive that all added up to a pretty nice advantage for us.
Raj Kalathur: Steve, to add to Tonys comments, the price and discounts we talked about was beat, and then you also talked about higher volumes and then higher volumes coming from regions 4, 3 and 2 and region 4, multiple units, now had little bit higher volume and then better mix than we had anticipated, lower overhead spending, lower material costs, lower R&D, structural cost reductions beginning to pay off a little earlier. So, all those things added to our beat in the Q4.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. I appreciate that. Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question comes from Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: And happy Thanksgiving.
Tony Huegel: Thanks, Seth.
Seth Weber: Most of the questions have been asked. Just a real kind of housekeeping, is there any color on the impairment charge that you took in the quarter, the $25 million, is there anything you can anymore details you can give us on that?
Tony Huegel: The only other thing and you will see it certainly in the  when we release the K that its almost  we talked about it being international. It really relates to both our Chinese operations as well as the joint venture in Brazil. Its roughly half and half.
Raj Kalathur: C&F.
Tony Huegel: Yes, for C&F. So again, yes, so, its about $13 million related to C&F China  operations in China and then about $12 million related to the joint venture in Brazil. Thank you.
Seth Weber: Thats all I have. Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Alright. We have time for  we will squeeze one more call in.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in and happy early Thanksgiving.
Tony Huegel: Yes, thank you.
Adam Uhlman: I am wondering, Raj, you had mentioned in your remarks that you  that there had been some changes to the compensation plans I believe if I didnt really hear that out. I was wondering if you could expand on how you are changing the incentives at the company and what that means for 2017 as well?
Raj Kalathur: Yes. So, this is for the short-term incentive. At trough, we had a maximum payout at 13% operating  return on operating assets that went up to 16% now. So, thats specifically what I was referring to.
Tony Huegel: And then keep in mind, we did increase historically  that would have been 12% last year for 2016, it went to 13% for 2017, we are bumping that up yet again to 16%. I will point out a slight increase at mid-cycle as well. Last year, we bumped it to 24% and that moves to 26%.
Adam Uhlman: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel: Alright, thank you. Again, we appreciate your participation on the call. As always, we will be available throughout the day to take any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes todays conference. Thank you all for your participation. All participants may disconnect at this time.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-08-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director, IR J. B. Penn - Chief Economist Joshua Jepsen - Manager, Investor Communications Rajesh Kalathur - CFO
Analysts: Timothy Thein - Citigroup Global Markets Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Securities Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Lawrence De Maria - William Blair David Raso - International Strategy & Investment Group Joe O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital Michael Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird Steven Fisher - UBS Securities Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Company's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question and the answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; Dr. J. B. Penn, our Chief Economist; and Josh Jepsen, our Manager Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's third quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. As a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under other financial information. Josh?
Joshua Jepsen: Thanks Tony. John Deere today reported solid financial results for the third quarter and did so inspite of the continuing impact of the global farm recession and difficult conditions in the construction equipment sector. All of Deere's businesses remained profitable for the quarter and earnings per share was slightly higher than last year. Operating profit for Ag and Turf division and for the equipment businesses overall was above last year's levels even though sales were down nearly $1 billion. Our results were helped by the sound execution of our operating plans, the impact of a broad product portfolio and our success keeping a tight rein on costs and assets. Now let's take a closer look at the third quarter in detail beginning on Slide 3. Net sales and revenues were down 11% to about $6.7 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $489 million. EPS was $1.55 in the quarter. On Slide 4, we see that worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 14% to just under $5.9 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by two points. Currency translation was negative by two points. Turning to our review of our individual businesses, let's start with agriculture and turf on Slide 5. Net sales for the division were down 11% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison with the decrease primarily due to lower shipment volumes in the United States and Canada. Also affecting sales was the negative impact of foreign currency exchange. Operating profit was $571 million. Ag and turf operating margins were 12.1% in the quarter. The gain on the sale of a partial interest in SiteOne landscape supply contributed nearly two points of operating margin in the quarter. Even excluding the SiteOne impact operating margins were above the levels of last year's third quarter. Before we review the industry sales outlook, we are pleased to welcome Deere's Chief Economist Dr. J. B. Penn. He will spend a few minutes sharing his thoughts on the state of the global Ag economy. J.B.?
J. B. Penn: Thanks Josh. I would begin with a bit of context that might be useful as we ponder the outlook. Slide 6 shows the strong tailwinds that now drive the global agricultural economy. Major changes in agriculture and food markets began occurring sometime around the turn of the century and that ushered in a dozen or so unparalleled years characterized by strong demand growth, record high prices in farm incomes, food price spikes, expanded investment and innovation and increased trade. A convergence of forces was responsible. Global population growth, widespread global economic growth especially in emerging market and developing countries, rapid urbanization and biofuels. Now in 2000, the UN was projecting that the population would grow from 6.1 billion in that year to 9.3 billion by 2050. Today that projection for 2050 is 9.7 billion, so thats another 2.4 billion from todays 7.3 billion people. Although having slowed somewhat, the global expansion continues especially across much of the developing world bringing millions more into the middle class and enabling ongoing improvements in diets. On urbanization, we passed the 50% mark of population sometime around 2010 and that is now expected to approach 70% by 2050 with implications for food production and trade. Now Slide 7 reflects global Ag as a whole showing the production and consumption of all global grains. Now perhaps the most noteworthy point of this slide and one often overlooked with all the focus on supply, acreage, and yields and that is the persistent consumption growth. Consumption remains very strong, still rising steadily year-after-year and it has risen without fail every year since 1994, 1995 even including the great recession of 2009. Now fuelled by earlier high prices and after four consecutive great growing seasons worldwide, commodities supplies now are fully adequate to meet all needs. Prices of course have moved off the previously high levels and farmer margins have narrowed. Slide 8 provides more details showing global stockholdings and the supply to use ratio. While carryover stocks have reached levels of 15 years ago and physical quantities it is important to remember that we are now consuming one third more grains, so the supply use ratio is the key indicator. While it has moved above the average of recent years, it remains in a sensitive area and especially so when viewed with Chinese grain stocks excluded. Notably the Chinese are thought to hold about 45% of the global stocks and the supply use ratio actually has ticked down the last couple of years when the Chinese stocks are excluded. Now Slide 9 illustrates that even with abundant supply the production consumption balance still can shift rather quickly. Any significant production disruption will tilt the supply use ratio downward and prices will immediately move higher. The recent price movements in response to reports of relatively minor weather events certainly highlighted continued sensitivity. You will note from the slide that both corn and soy futures were trading in a rather narrow range in the first four months of this year. Then we saw some reports of adverse weather in Brazil and Argentina in April prices quickly reflected the uncertainty brought. Corn moved almost $0.90 bushel higher, soy moved $3.25 a bushel higher that's an increase of 25% for corn, 36% for soy. Then by late June, the South American weather conditions abated followed by the early July USDA WASDE report, indicating larger acreages of both corn and soy. The weather premium quickly disappeared from the corn price and it was reduced per soy. Now just for reference, the U.S. drought in 2012 reduced corn yields 22% below trend pushing ending stocks to barely 800 million bushels and prices to new record high. But this year a corn yield reduction of only 4% would have been sufficient to reduce ending stocks to $1 billion bushels and push prices to $5 per bushel or higher, a further illustration of the sensitive supply utilization balance. Now there was some expectation that farmers would reduce acreage in response to the softer prices as we came into the Northern Hemisphere planting seasons. On Slide 10, we know that despite the softer prices farmers worldwide did not reduce acreage. Now in the United States farmer supply response this year was influenced by market prices of course which provided a paired, but still positive margin, but they were also influenced by farm program subsidies, revenue insurance and production cost decline. For example of the subsidy, the agricultural program ARC County forecast of 2015 payments for Illinois is $0.37 per bushel on corn-based acres and $0.98 per bushel on soybean based acres. So as a result of this combination, U.S. farmers this year expanded planted area for all major crops except wheat illustrating continued profitability despite softer prices. Now we also expected a similar reduction in other parts of the world, but we noted there that farmers supply response was influenced largely by currency values and also some policy shifts notably in Argentina. And this crop year major exporters expanded grain and oilseed area all around the world and grains and oilseeds were up 3.7% in South America. As an example Brazilian farmers saw corn prices in reais of $5.24 per bushel in September 2015 compared to $3.43 per bushel a year before indicating that it was still very profitable to continue to expand. Now Slide 11 speaks to the financial condition of the U.S. farm sector. Overall the farm sector balance sheet remains strong. Farmer debt has been well managed. The financial indicators are still solid. It was not until a 2000 that farm sector equity reached $1 trillion, but then it took only 10 more years to add second trillion dollars and five years later we have added another $0.5 trillion. Now a major part of that balance sheet of course is farm land and USDA forecasts land prices to decline in 2016, crop land to decline 1%. This is the first time since 2009 and only the second time in almost three decades. Now Slide 12 summarizes the situation across the global Ag sector. As I noted, supplies are fully adequate, the risk premium have been erased from the grain market. We saw very little reduction coming into the year in response to the lower prices and that was because of the aberrational forces at play, the subsidies, the risk measures and also currency values which boosted commodity prices and we're in the fourth consecutive favorable weather year. So adding all of those things together barring adverse weather events, little near term improvement in Ag market conditions is anticipated but we would note that the long term drivers, population growth, income's growth and urbanization are still intact. Now Slide 13 pertains to the U.S. Ag sector and we note that farming is still profitable despite softer prices as evidenced by the continued expansion of planted acres this year and financial conditions across the sector remain solid. There is some individual farmer stress to be sure but no widespread stress is yet evident. And finally Slide 14 lists some key factors that are worth watching in the coming months. And in the short term of course weather is key. We know that demand is strong. We now know that supply depends upon the weather so its still weather is the major market disruptor and it's still one season at a time. Attention now will turn from North America to the southern hemisphere as the planting growing season gets underway there in late September and October well continue to watch that until next spring in the northern hemisphere when we will start focusing on planting and growing conditions here. And over the longer term, I would just note that any of these geopolitical hotspots that could erupt and become a drag on global GDP would be a negative. Lots of other things to watch include relative currency values and the political situation in several countries, central bank behavior all over the world and so I would just conclude by noting that after a dozen years of unprecedented prosperity planting, commodity price, food price and trading patterns are now stabilizing. A new commodity price trading range with favorable weather is emerging and weather remains the major commodity market disruptor. The outlook is still one year at a time depending upon the weather. I will now turn the call back to Josh.
Joshua Jepsen: Thanks J.B. Our 2016 Ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 15. Youll note there are no changes from our previous forecast. Low commodity prices, weakening farming income and elevated used equipment levels in the U.S. and Canada are continuing to pressure demand for farm equipments especially high horsepower models. We expect industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down about 15% to 20% for 2016 with sales of large Ag equipment down 25% to 30%. The EU 28 industry outlook remains flat to down 5% due to lower crop prices and farm incomes as well as persistent pressure on the dairy sector. In South America industry sales of tractors and combines are expected to be down 15% to 20% in 2016. This is a reflection of the downturn in Brazil and other commodity driven markets in the regions. Shifting to Asia, the industry sales outlook continues to be flat to down slightly. This is due in part to weakness in China partially offset by improving conditions in India where the monsoon rains have been higher than normal. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2016, again no change from our prior forecast. Putting this altogether on Slide 16, fiscal year 2016 Deere sales of worldwide Ag and turf equipment are forecast to be down about 8% including about 2 points to negative currency translation. This is unchanged from the previous forecast. Our forecast for the Ag and turf divisions operating margin is now about 7.7% for the year with an implied decremental margin of about 15%. Now let focus on construction forestry on Slide 17. Net sales were down 24% in the quarter and operating profit was down 58% due mainly to lower shipment volumes and an unfavorable product mix. The divisions decremental margin was 20%. Moving to Slide 18, the economic indicators noted at the bottom of the slide although down somewhat from the previous quarter remain positive. Notwithstanding these positive signals the market demand for construction equipment continues to soften. Among the factors contributing to the weakness, conditions in the oil and gas sector continue to be slow with the impact most pronounced in the energy producing regions of the U.S. and Canada. Contractors are less apt to replenish or grow their machine fleets when faced with uncertain markets. Rental utilization rates continue to decline leading to a reduction in fleet sizes and higher levels of used equipment. Also housing starts in the U.S. for single family homes which require more earth moving equipment remain well below the long-term average. As a result Deere's construction and forestry sales are now forecast to be down about 18% in 2016. Currency translation is forecast to be negative by about 1 point. The global forestry market forecast remains down 5% to 10% primarily as a result of lower sales in the U.S. and Canada. C&F's full year operating margin is now projected to be about 4.1%. The implied decremental margin for the year is about 31%. Lets move now to our financial services. Slide 19 shows the annualized provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio which was 24 basis points at the end of July. This reflects the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecast for 2016 contemplates a loss provision of about 23 basis points, unchanged from the previous forecast. The provision remains below the 10-year average of 26 basis points and well below the 15-year average of 39 basis points. Moving to Slide 20 worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Co was a $126 million in the third quarter versus a $153 million last year. Lower results for the quarter were primarily due to less favorable financing spreads, a higher provision for credit losses and higher losses on lease residual values. The divisions forecast net income attributable to Deere & Co remains at $480 million for the year. Slide 21 outlines receivables and inventories. For a company as a whole receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $764 million. We expect to end the year with total receivables and inventories down about $500 million with reductions coming from both divisions. Field inventory to sales ratios for new large Ag equipment are expected to end the year in line with 2015 year end levels which is consistent with our previous forecast. C&F inventory and receivables to sales ratios are forecast to end the year roughly in line with last years levels as well. Our 2016 guidance for cost of sales as a percent of net sales shown on Slide 22 is about 78.7%. When modeling 2016, keep these unfavorable factors in mind, an unfavorable product mix and engine emission cost. On the favorable side, we expect price realization of about 1 point, favorable raw material costs lower pension and OPEB expense and lower incentive compensation expense. Now lets look at a few housekeeping items. With respect to R&D on Slide 23, R&D was down 2% in the third quarter. Our forecast calls for R&D to be down about 1% for the full year including about 1 point of negative currency translation. This is consistent with our previous forecast. Moving now to Slide 24. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down 10% in the third quarter. Most of the decline was attributable to incentive compensation, commissions to dealers, pension and OPEB and currency translation. Turning to Slide 25, our 2016 forecast contemplates SA&G expense being down about 5% with incentive compensation, currency translation and pension OPEB accounting for about 6 points of the full year change. On Slide 26, pension and OPEB expense was down $53 million in the quarter and is now forecast to be down about $210 million in 2016. On Slide 27, the equipment operations tax rate was 31% in the quarter and is now forecast to be in the range of 29% to 31% for the full year. Slide 28 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is forecast to be about $2.1 billion in 2016. The company's fourth quarter financial outlook is on Slide 29. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be down about 8% compared with 2015. This includes about one point of price realization and favorable currency translation of about one point. Turning to Slide 30 and the full year outlook, the forecast now calls for net sales to be down about 10%. Price realization is expected to be positive by about one point, with negative currency translation of about two points. Finally our forecast now calls for net income attributable to Deere & Company to be about $1.35 billion for the full year. In closing, Deere continues to perform well in the face of challenging market conditions and this is particularly true in relation to previous farm recessions. Our performance in the third quarter and for the year-to-date underscores our success developing a more durable business model into wider range of revenue sources. At the same time, we are continuing to look for ways to make our operations more profitable and efficient by seeking out further structural cost reductions. All-in-all, we remain confident in the company's present direction and believe Deere is on the right track to deliver significant value to its customers and investors in the years ahead. I will now turn the call back over to Tony.
Tony Huegel: Thanks Josh. Now we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. However as a reminder in consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Timothy Thein from Citigroup Global Markets. Your line is open.
Timothy Thein: Thank you. So Tony, some pretty big moves during the quarter that you alluded to in both corn and soybeans, I guess, or grains in general. But I'm curious, what you're hearing just in terms of overall sentiment from your dealers in North America, and how that's kind of influenced farmer decisions? And especially how that kind of carried through in terms of the early - the spring early order program, how that finished relative to last year. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thanks, Tim. Yes, as you might imagine, and we talked last quarter and even the early part of the third quarter where sentiment was a bit more positive as those commodity prices were up, and as we mentioned there, that can change in a hurry, and it certainly with the commodity prices coming down, I think it's fair to say the overall mood would be less positive than it was a couple months ago even. Related to the spring seasonal equipment, we just finished the first phase, remember these are multiphase early order programs, so I want to stress it's still quite early, but we did see on some of those key products like planters and sprayers as well as spring tillage equipment. We are seeing those early order programs down year-over-year, but as you think about the magnitude of that decrease considerably less of a reduction versus where we were a year ago. In fact if you look at just a plant or EOP in particular, which is often considered a good indicator for large Ag and its current environment, orders are down in the single-digit range. So just to give you an idea, again, I would stress that it is quite early.
Operator: Our next question is from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Andy Casey: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Ag and turf margin question. You mentioned the margin increased even without the SiteOne gain. First, was that gain consistent with the 76 million identified in the 10-Q, and then axing the gain out, really it's the first positive year to year gross quarter of 14 but the implied Q4 guidance suggests a fairly deep year to year decline. Im just wondering what drove the improvement in Q3 and what's changing in Q4 to drive a continuation of the margin declines.
Tony Huegel: Yes, certainly, you know, the third quarter was a very strong quarter for Ag and turf, you know, on lower sales, the operating margins were higher. Obviously price realization continues to be very strong. You point out the SiteOne gain that was about 75 million. I think Josh indicated, just under two points of margin there. So really a lot of it was cost management, and so we had lower production costs, things like obviously incentive comps, material costs continued to be a tailwind for us. Obviously it had a little higher Tier 4 emissions costs. SA&G was also lower. So those were some of the positives. Obviously volume and FX continued to be drags on the profitability as well. As you look out into fourth quarter, I think a couple of things to keep in mind, one is mix shifts, so as you think about the production, a couple of our key factories in particular, you think about Waterloo with large tractors as well as harvester works will see considerably lower production in the fourth quarter of '16 versus '15. Just to put some context around that, harvester works for combines would be about a 60% reduction in output hours and Waterloo is about a 20% reduction in output hours, so a couple of, very profitable products for us. The production will be down pretty considerably. The other thing, I think that's worth noting is material costs. Thats been a nice tailwind for us through the first three quarters of the year. That actually becomes more flattish. It's slightly negative, but really more flattish in the fourth quarter, so you lose the tailwind in the quarter would be the other item I'd point out. So those are probably the biggest differences as you move into the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse Securities. Your line is open.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning, I guess Tony, the question I usually ask. Can you just talk about the progress that you've made, you know, in the U.S. or North America on the used equipment issue, where we are relative to last year and relative to your expectations and what that implies for - do we think we have to take incremental inventory out on the used side in '17. Thanks.
Joshua Jepsen: Thanks Jamie. Used equipment, and I want to kind of parse that out again as we always do. When you think about large Ag used inventory, we continue to be down about 23% from the peak of kind of summer of 2014. That's consistent with where we were at the end of last quarter, but keep in mind, seasonality does create a challenge in terms of even keeping things flat, so I would say that, that is kind of as expected, at least in line with what we would expect. We would hope to see and certainly expect to see progress continue to resume in fourth quarter with that number continuing to move back down, but to your point, we still have a significant amount of work to do yet this year but even into 2017, so, that kind of talks to the inventory balance a bit, and I think when you look at the balance sheet of dealers and the pricing and the valuation of that equipment, generally what we're hearing is that dealers are feeling a little better about the income or the equipment that they do have and the value that it's at on their balance sheet. We've seen some pricing stabilization on used equipment, so, again, I think things are stabilizing but I want to be clear we have a lot of work on the actual level of used inventory at our dealers that will continue into 2017.
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you, I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Next question is from Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Eli Lustgarten : Good morning everyone. Very nice quarter. One thing economists look at by the way is that the - big movements in commodity price particularly in corn were related to 252,000 money manager wrong contracts that unwound in 11 days to a negative 100. I mean it was really money managers drove it more than the free market. That's public data by the way. My question really is looking at production levels that would go into the fourth quarter and actually into next year. You've indicated your inventory levels will be sort of that same place at '15 but we're talking about a U.S. market that's down 20%, 25% and almost 30% percent in big tractors and probably may have some minor fall next year. So it's just suggested there's either plant shutdowns coming now or in early 17, and that has - will probably have some weight on the $0.35 that you sort of forget for projecting for the fourth quarter. Can you give us some color on how production levels you started a little bit on, how far down the fourth quarter will be but the inventory levels aren't going to go away. The big shock for farmers
Tony Huegel: I'm going to jump in here because, A, I think you're mistaken in what we've said. Okay, we're not saying that the field inventory levels are the same. We're saying are going to be in line as a percent of sales they'll be in line, so that's implying large Ag is down pretty considerably when you look at field inventories. So, again, the reason we're clarifying that is as we talked earlier in the year, when you're looking at total Ag inventories and receivables, you have small Ag in there as well, and we've seen some increases there. But if you look at just large Ag we have taken pretty comfortable reductions in the year to keep those inventory and receivable levels in line with the sales when we get to the end of October, so I think that that's probably the most important statement. In regard to 2017 shutdowns and production schedule, we'll talk more about that next quarter when we have the 2017 outlook. So anyway, appreciate the question and we'll move on to the next caller. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich: Good morning, everyone. Tony, can you please talk about your allocation of pool funds between used transactions versus new this year or the dealers use of pool funds I should say, and how we should think about as we enter 2017 where that balance of allocation of use of pool funds shakes out between new and used just put it into context versus history for us if you don't mind.
Tony Huegel: Sure, Yes, and I think there can often be confusion around pool funds. When we refer to pool funds, at least in the U.S. and Canada, those funds are only for used equipment. They earn them on the sale of new equipment, but it's really the funds that are available for them to provide incentives for the sale of used. So we often talk about one way they can use those is for helping to subsidize the floor planning but they have of used equipment as well as actual retail, and so we do - we do tend to manage that. There was a period of time where we were starting to see a shift towards more use of wholesale financing and floor planning, but that has shifted back to a very attractive use on actual retail, and pretty much in line with what we would expect. So that's been a positive trend that we saw really early in the year, and it's continued through the year on pool fund. So another question around there that I'll throw in as a bonus is you look at pool funds in aggregate, we would say certainly as we look at that relative to used inventory, we would be comfortable in aggregate. As we said before, there are clearly some dealers who we would look at and say their pool funds - you know, are too light relative to the used equipment that they have, and that's when we have those individual conversations with those specific dealers. But in aggregate still at healthy levels.
Jerry Revich: Appreciate the bonus. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Lawrence De Maria from William Blair. Your line is open.
Lawrence De Maria: Thanks, good morning guys. I want to ask about - a little bit about the FINCO and some of the headwinds that are potentially going forward around residual values. I think if we look at the book they said around 64%. That's up significantly from a decade ago around 40%, 42%. I guess I'm kind of wondering what kind of risk you guys see from that declining given the weaker market prices we're seeing over the last couple of years and what kind of headwinds to think from that over, the next, maybe year or two I guess.
Tony Huegel: If you think about the operating leases just kind of in general, hopefully the read through as you look at the quarter is things seem to stabilize, at least in the short-term in terms of the losses that were recognized, you know, no additional impairments, those sorts of things. Obviously the forecasted income for financial services stayed the same, all positive signs, but to your point, you know, I would say in the near term, short to midterm, there's still certainly risk. As we look at future maturities we continue to work hard to reduce the return rate on those maturities as well as finding more effective ways to dispose of those when they get returns so that the loss rates are not as significant, but as long as we stay at these lower levels, as long as, you know, used equipment prices continue to be at more depressed levels, I think that continues to bear watching and certainly has risks. So while we take some comfort in the short-term with the stabilization we saw in the quarter, it's going to be a while before we're willing to say we're out of the woods there and so to your point, stay tuned and certainly we would be deciding that at some additional risk.
Lawrence De Maria: Right. So to that point, Tony if I could just follow up. When would we expect some of the biggest returns to occur given the peak few years ago and the duration of some of the leases on there, would that kind of the returns for the peak in '17 or '18 or are we going through that kind of bell curve now?
Tony Huegel: You're hitting some of that now. We'll hit some pretty strong maturities in the fourth quarter of this year, and then certainly as we move into spring, you know, next year is I think another kind of wave of maturity. So think about timing of when you tend to see a fairly healthy level of retail activity that's when you're going to see some of those - some of those peak. So let's go ahead and mover. I appreciate the question. Let's move on to the next caller thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Raso from International Strategy & Investment Group. Your line is open.
David Raso: Hi, good morning. Really just a kind of big picture question about, you know, all that you know about your new and used inventory in the channel and how production is this year versus retail. Just for a generic framework, if hypothetically retail was flat next year for Ag globally and maybe the same question for construction, how would Deere's production be in that environment, up, down, in line with that retail environment? Just trying to think through all the under production, versus inventory draw down needs. Just wrap it all into that one question.
Tony Huegel: Yes, I think in both cases, I would say in line with, which would imply higher year-over-year sales.
David Raso: Can you repeat that if flat retail
Tony Huegel: In line with retail.
David Raso: Yes.
Tony Huegel: Which would imply higher sales because we're under producing this year.
David Raso: That's sometimes so just be clear, your production would be higher than retail?
Tony Huegel: Correct. Yes.
David Raso: And when it comes to the mix of that
Tony Huegel: No, no. Our production would be in line with retail, but it was less than retail in 2016.
David Raso: Okay. Let's not confuse it with the comp, just straight out if retail is flat?
Tony Huegel: Yes.
David Raso: Deere's production year-over-year is flat or up?
Tony Huegel: Our production is higher, because we will produce in line with retail. So our year-over-year production will be higher.
David Raso: Okay. And a follow-on that the mix within that, if retails flat, but Deere is up because, you're under produce last year, this year, I mean next year you want it under produce, is that particularly a harvester works, Waterloo comment or how should we think about that on the mix of up and flat?
Tony Huegel: It's certainly our greatest under production than large Ag in the year. So mix would be favorable year-over-year.
David Raso: And does that comment hold for construction in core shares as well?
Tony Huegel: That I don't have the details on as well, I have a hard time to answering that so yes, all right.
David Raso: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. On the construction front, could you just talk about kind of where your demand levels stand relative to what you see in the end market activity, and if you see anything on the horizon where some of the challenges from oil and gas or some of the dealer destock if you see some potential near term release from that so that such that your demand could improve?
Tony Huegel: I think in the short term and what you're seeing reflected in our outlook on construction is our dealers do continue to be so flat. So as the market continues to decline as we would expect them to and hope that they would they are bringing their inventories down in line with that. Some of that actually is related to the lead times were able to have right now in our factories with the lower production, they can get replenishment, the equipment pretty quickly and as a result of that they are able to do more of that de-stocking and make sure that they are putting their inventories in a good low level type of environment. So as I turn that around a little bit to the extent you start to see positive turns in that market our dealers are likely in our - would respond maybe a bit more aggressively as dealers would need to do a little bit more stocking up. So it does have some negative now but more positive when the market does eventually rebound.
Joe O'Dea: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan: Yes, hi good morning. Good morning J.B., I hope all is well there. My one question, I need to waste my question I guess but its one that I am wrecking my brain over. Did you actually record a mark-to-market gain on your 9.5 million remaining shares at SiteOne in the quarter?
Tony Huegel : No we did not.
Ann Duignan: Okay. Thats my question and thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Seth Weber: Hi, good morning. I want to ask about Brazil. I mean I know you didnt update your outlook for South America for this year but some other data points that weve been getting, some of the shipment data our of Brazil for the last couple of months has been a little bit better. Do you think thats a market that could be up next year?
Tony Huegel: Certainly, I mean if you ask me today which market was likely if I had to pick one which one has the best likelihood of being up, I think I would have to say Brazil or South America in general. One of the things to keep in mind is and we talked about this throughout the year is a lot of downturn there has been related to the uncertainty around the government and the overall economy. Farmers have been pretty profitable. As a result of that with the new government at least today there appears to be a more positive sentiment, inflation is coming down as an example so the overall economy seems to be showing some level of improvement. And in the short term were seeing that in the order books as well. Now, the question there is remember there is a conversion to Tier 3 what we consider Tier 3 on January 1 in Brazil on large Ag equipment so that will and dealers know and customers know, that will come with the price increase. So undoubtedly some of the at least short-term order book activity were seeing is strength around that buying equipment ahead of the Tier 3 conversion. So the real question remains, will we continue to see that demand surge as we go into calendar 2017 or not. But again I think there is some fairly favorable signs that would indicate that could possibly be the case.
Seth Weber: And have you been building inventory for that emissions change?
Tony Huegel: Our order books would reflect demand related to that but we have not built inventory ahead to have on our dealer lots to lead further into 2017.
Seth Weber: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Wertheimer from Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Robert Wertheimer: Hi, good morning. Did you see any sequential materials cost reduction that was meaningful to margin, I mean the margins were very strong in Ag and turf on revenues that was down sequentially material seasonally obviously. I am just curious about if you can bridge whether materials is a big part of that or whether its something else?
Tony Huegel: Actually, if you look obviously we dont give the actual number any longer but it would benefit in the quarter for Ag would have been slightly less than second quarter for material.
Robert Wertheimer: And thats on a year-over-year basis, okay fair enough.
Tony Huegel: Yes, so again its starting to come down a little bit which you would expect as were looking some slight increase going into the fourth quarter. There was really, certainly was contribution but it was holding other costs and finding ways to operate again as efficiently as we can at these low levels and so they just did a great job working through some of those costs.
Robert Wertheimer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Shlisky from Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open.
Michael Shlisky: Good morning guys. Just checking out your slides towards the back, you did update your outlook for the 2016 cash receipts I do see that but I dont see in there a 2017 outlook although at this time last year in 15 you gave us a 2016 outlook. And so kind of wondering if thats just a reflection of the uncertainty out there or could at least give us maybe a base case scenario or directional view for next years restates for both crops and livestock. Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Yes, that was - you noted correctly. Thats actually a change we did make this year. Historically we would have provided the first look at a cash receipts forecast out into the future year and candidly its just too in our view at this point it is just so pretty mature and preliminary that we decided that would make that change this year. And Ill note that USDA doesnt provide, it wont provide their first 2017 cash receipts outlook until February of 2017. So historically we were almost six months ahead of the USDA and so as a result weve decided that we will wait. We do expect in November that well have again itll still be very preliminary but we will have our first 2017 cash receipts outlook. I would tell you if you look at our number I would call it flattish as this point year-over-year but again I cant emphasize enough. Its very, very premature.
Michael Shlisky: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mircea Dobre from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Mircea Dobre: Good morning, this is Mircea Dobre with Baird. A quick question back at Ag and turf, Tony can you give us any color at this point how much turf and maybe the smaller equipment contributes to operating income and am also wondering how you are thinking about smaller equipment and inventory in the channel, is there any risk of destocking here into next year? Thanks.
Tony Huegel: We dont provide any profitability breakdown by large and small. We do on a annual basis provide some sales breakdown as you know but I think the second part of your question is worth noting especially when you think you about small Ag I would say the higher end of that small Ag business so what really it is attributed to livestock we have seen some softening in the retail environment around some of those product categories as the livestock margins have gotten squeezed a bit. And youll actually see that reflected a little bit in some of the inventory levels that we report in the appendix. So the 100 horsepower and above youll see I forget what slide that is Josh, do you mind look at that up quick. But if you look at it youll see still on the mid 30% range.
Joshua Jepsen: 47%
Tony Huegel: 47% where wed be back down typically in the 20% range. Really whats driving that is the 100 to 200 horsepower the 6000 series tractors are a bit elevated but its possible last quarter we talked about this and said this was likely that our expectation is would have those in line year-over-year with some of the weakness in livestock. Its possible that number will be a bit elevated, it should come down but it may not hit quite the same level that we were at as we ended 2016 but again that product is coming from Germany so there is longer lead times not building to retail order, were building to forecast and that retail sales forecast has slipped a bit in the quarter and obviously its wasnt dramatic enough for us to change the overall retail sales outlook but it did soften some.
Mircea Dobre: But Tony, isnt there a bit of an issue with under 40 horsepower as well?
Tony Huegel: From an inventory perspective I dont believe that is the case and youve seen ours come up. Now remember our sales - our inventory levels are coming up but our sales are too. So its really coming up more in line with the sales at this point.
Mircea Dobre: All right thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fisher from UBS Securities. Your line is open.
Steven Fisher: Thanks. Good morning. So it looks like your leasing exposure went up in the quarter to about 5.6 billion, its up around a 100 million. Can you just talk about how your efforts to effectively discourage some of that leasing activity is being received and when might you expect to see that lease exposure actually start to come down?
Tony Huegel: Yes, I think you are right in the sense that the overall lease activity has continued to increase, so I think what's also worth nothing is the short term leases and the activity there is down significantly. And so lot of the actions that we were taking at the end of second quarter and into third quarter were focused on reducing those short term leases and that has been effective. And so we are pleased with that certainly I think, again you know we said this before our preference would always be a retail node over an operating lease that to the extent our customers continue to prefer an operating lease, our obligation there is to make sure we are structuring those in a way that John Deere Financial can continue to be profitable. So thats where we are focused on. Last quarter we did raise residual values, cant say across the board but pretty much across the board not just on short term leases. But, Im sorry we reduced residual values pretty much across the board last quarter to try to correct some of those challenges that we had been facing. All right?
Steven Fisher: Can you quantify what the percentage of short term lease is now and how much - and if declined in the third quarter per se?
Tony Huegel: I dont have that number off-hand, but if it was a significantly lower number in the quarter.
Steven Fisher: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is from Joel Tiss from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Tiss: Just snuck in there, I will make it quick too. In financial services it seems like the debt is rising roughly about $2 billion while the portfolio is shrinking. I just wonder if you could explain what's going on there?
Rajesh Kalathur : Joel, I'm not sure we are tracking all. Our debt-to-equity ratio, we try to maintain at 7.5 to 1 and thats been close to that, so we still maintained it around 7.5 to 1. And our portfolio overall has been slightly lower and even if you take a constant FX its about flat. So the portfolio has not grown.
Joel Tiss: Yes, I know but the debt is up $2 billion over since the end of the year. All right I will ask you later.
Tony Huegel: Okay. And I think we did have one more come into the queue so we can go ahead and take that.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan Securities. Your line is open.
Ann Duignan : Yes, thank you for squeezing me in. My question is more on the European end markets and we saw German registrations down 21% last month which I don't know if we have ever seen it drop like that one month and I recognize its registrations, not retail sales. Can you just talk about the environment in Europe and France, Germany and U.K. and also how you are feeling about dealer inventories in the region?
Tony Huegel : Yes, certainly, you track things like there is a seam of business parameter and so on. We started seeing even a quarter or so ago that's starting to track more negative, a year ago at this time that was actually moving a more positive direction and we had some relatively positive hope for Europe as it went into 2016. I think in the short term certainly you have a lot of factors like Brexit and so on that are causing some uncertainty. There were some challenges and if you look at some of the Eastern part of the EU28 with subsidies and timing of when subsidies were released again. And then when you look at France, I mean you are starting to see some indications that the crop there is certainly not what many had hoped and so you are seeing some weakness there. So I think certainly you are seeing a sentiment get a bit weaker here in the latter part of the year. J.B or Raj, do you have anything? All right, beyond that I am not sure there is much more, I would say it's your point, its one month, its registrations I wouldn't read too much into a single month.
Ann Duignan: And dealer inventories?
Tony Huegel: Yes, dealer inventories I think we are reasonably comfortable with, that's one where again we would say used equipment, not an issue at this point but one we certainly have our eyes on and I'd say cautionary. Actually one of the bigger challenges there had been Great Britain, U.K. and with some of the FX and it was if the FX it held up pretty well. With Brexit now and the FX changing, thats actually in a short term created some benefit for their used equipment to move because most of that of course comes to the mainland and gets distributed kind of the Eastern part of Europe. So thats been a positive again very short term impact of Brexit.
Ann Duignan: Okay. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. And before we close Raj has a couple of comments he would like to make.
Rajesh Kalathur: So there have been some questions around our third quarter margins and fourth quarter margins and around 2017 what to expect. I just wanted to make a few comments along those lines. We have mentioned in the past that each of our units plan for the mid cycle trough and peak scenarios, in addition to the following year's forecast and you will have noted our decremental margin performance in the last three years show how well we have executed in this downturn. Now as a result of our disciplined process, our margins have improved about 300 basis points at mid-cycle volumes now compared to mid-cycle volumes in 2010. So we have been working on reducing our SA&G, overhead expenses and also structurally reducing our material costs. We have diverted more of our R&D resources to focus on cost reductions in the last two years and we have increased focus on efficiency improvement and structural cost reduction activities broadly and in general. Now with such structural cost reduction activities, we expect to improve our pre-tax income by at least $500 million by the end of 2018 if large Ag down turn persists at current levels. Now I should also say our internal goals and targets are even larger. Having said this, you should also note that we have balancing structural cost reductions with investments for the future and we remain committed to maintaining manufacturing capacity to support an eventual turnaround. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: All right. Thank you, Raj, and with that, we'll conclude our call. We appreciate the questions and we of course will be around throughout the rest of the day to answer any follow up. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thanks for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-05-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director, Investor Relations Joshua Jepsen - Manager, Investor Communications Rajesh Kalathur - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Ross Gilardi - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird Kwame Webb - Morningstar David Raso - Evercore ISI Group Michael Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital Steven Fisher - UBS Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies Brendan Shea - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Dexter. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer and Josh Jepsen, our Manager Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2016. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Josh?
Joshua Jepsen: Thank you, Tony. John Deeres performance for the second quarter and first six months reflected the continuing impact of the downturn in the global farm economy as well as weakness in markets for construction equipment. Nevertheless all our businesses remained profitable. They benefitted from the sound execution of our operating plans, the strength of our broad product portfolio, and our success establishing a more flexible cost structure. You may have also noticed that weve made changes in our outlook for sales and profits for the full year. Now lets take a closer look at our second quarter results beginning on slide 3. Net sales and revenues were down 4% to $7.875 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $495 million. EPS was $1.56 in the quarter. On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 4% to $7.1 billion. Thats better than our previous net sales guidance of down about 8%. The higher sales in the quarter were largely due to timing differences of shipments between quarters mainly attributable to agriculture and turf equipment in North America and Brazil. Price realization in the quarter was positive by one point. Currency translation was negative by two points. Turning to our review of our individual businesses, lets start with agriculture and turf on slide 5. Net sales were flat in the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Foreign currency exchange had a negative impact on sales with the biggest impact coming from the Brazilian Real. Partially offsetting this was positive price realization. Operating profit was $614 million down from $639 million last year. The decrease in operating profit was primarily driven by unfavorable foreign currency exchange, lower shipment volumes, and a less favorable product mix. These factors were partially offset by price realization, lower production cost, and lower selling, administrative, and general expenses. Before we review the industry sales outlook let's look at the fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide 6 outlines U.S. farm cash receipts. Given the record crop harvests of the last three years and the resulting lower commodity prices, our estimates for 2015 cash receipts remains down about 10% from 2014 peak levels. Our 2016 forecast contemplates total cash receipts to be about $375 billion down only slightly from 2015. On slide 7, grain stocks to use ratios remained at somewhat sensitive levels even after the abundant harvest of the past three years. Global grain and oil seed demand continues to be strong while supplies are now fully adequate. Even so, unfavorable growing conditions in any key region of the world as well as unknown impacts from any geopolitical tensions could result in prices quickly moving higher. Our economic outlook for the EU 28 is on slide 8. Modest economic growth is continuing, however, the region is experiencing continued geopolitical risks such as the upcoming Brexit referendum. Farm income remains below the long-term average and weakness persists in the dairy sector. As a result were expecting lower industry farm machinery demand in the EU region. On slide 9 you will see the economic fundamentals outlined for China and India. Due to the economic slowdown in China, we continue to anticipate lower industry sales. Although the government continues to be supportive of the agriculture sector recent policy changes related to corn floor prices, reduction of corn stock piles, and a less stringent position on grains self sufficiency are causing short-term uncertainty for both domestic and global markets. Turning to India, the economy is growing, outpacing other emerging markets and foreign investment is returning. The government continues providing assistance to the Ag sector with programs such as minimum support prices for commodities, irrigation, and crop insurance. Lastly, the upcoming monsoon is expected to provide above average moisture after two years of below normal seasons. These factors are resulting in improved industry demand in India. Shifting to Brazil, slide 10 illustrates the crop value of agricultural production a good proxy for the health of the Agri business there. Ag production is expected to decrease about 2% in 2016 in U.S. dollar terms due to lower global commodity prices. The situation is more positive in local currency as Brazilian farmer profitability remains at good levels as crops are sold in dollars. Although Ag fundamentals remain positive, farmer confidence is low due to economic and political concerns as well as growing inflation, all of which are leading to lower equipment sales. The political landscape is shifting with the recent impeachment vote of the Brazilian President and the new administration taking shape. This includes the appointment of an agriculture minister with strong ties to farming and Agri business. Though its too soon to draw conclusions, the agricultural sector seems encouraged by these changes. Staying in Brazil, slide 11 illustrates the finance rates for Ag equipment. Brazil recently announced details of eligible rates for government-sponsored finance programs. They apply to the upcoming budget year which runs from July 2016 through June 2017. Rates for Moderfrota will increase from 7.5% to 8.5% for small and mid-size farmers and from 9% to 10.5% for large farmers. While the rates are being increased, its important to note they remain below the level of inflation in Brazil. This announcement is a positive sign. It removes an element of uncertainty for farmers and conveys confidence the government will continue to support agriculture in spite of the economic and political challenges in Brazil. Our 2016 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 12. Low commodity prices, stagnant farm incomes, and elevated used equipment levels in the U.S. and Canada are continuing to pressure demand for farm equipment. The decline is most pronounced in the sale of high horsepower models. Our forecast for industry sales in the U.S. and Canada remains down 15% to 20%, with large Ag equipment sales down 25% to 30%. The EU 28 industry outlook remains flat to down 5% in 2016, due to low crop prices and farm incomes as well as continued pressure on the dairy sector. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are now projected to be down 15% to 20% in 2016, a result of the downturn in Brazil and other commodity-driven economies in the region. Shifting to Asia, sales are expected to be flat to down slightly primarily due to weakness in China. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2016. Putting this altogether on slide 13, fiscal year 2016 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be down about 8%. This includes about two points of negative currency translation. The improvement in our forecast is driven almost entirely by foreign currency exchange. Ag & Turf division operating margin is forecast to be about 7% in 2016, unchanged from the previous forecast. The implied decremental margin for the year is about 28%. Now lets focus on construction and forestry on slide 14. Net sales were down 16% in the quarter as a result of lower shipment volumes and higher sales incentive costs. Operating profit was $74 million in the quarter, down from a $189 million last year. The decrease was driven by lower shipment volumes, higher sales incentive costs, and an unfavorable product mix. These were partially offset by lower production costs and lower selling, administrative, and general expenses. The higher sales incentive costs are reflective of the highly competitive environment in North America. The divisions decremental margins was about 43%. Moving to slide 15, looking at the economic indicators of the bottom part of the slide, growth in construction spending less energy and GDP are both positive, and how these starts are expected to be just below 1.2 million units this year. In spite of these encouraging signs, the industry continued operating at a slow pace. Contributing factors are rental utilization rates continue to decline. Weak conditions persist in the energy sector. Used equipment is readily available and continues to be redeployed from energy producing regions to other parts of the country. The mix of housing starts in the U.S. is skewed to multifamily homes requiring less earth moving equipment and economic growth outside the U.S. is sluggish. As a result Deeres construction and forestry sales are now forecast to be down about 13% in 2016. The change from our previous forecast is largely driven by lower sales in the United States and Canada and the impact of higher sales incentive costs. The forecast for global forestry markets remains down 5% to 10% from the strong levels we experienced in recent years primarily as a result of lower sales in the U.S. and Canada. C&F's full year operating margin is now projected to be about 6%, the implied decremental margin for the year is about 32%. Let's move now to our financial services operations. Slide 16 shows the annualized provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio. At the end of April, it was 17 basis points, reflecting the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The forecast for 2016 now contemplates a loss provision of about 23 basis points. The change from our previous guidance is related to our C&F retail note and agriculture revolving credit portfolios. Despite the increase, this would still put Deeres losses below the 10 year average of 26 basis points and well below the 15 year average of 39 basis points. Moving to slide 17, Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $103 million in the second quarter versus $170 million last year. The lower results were primarily due to higher losses on lease residual values, less favorable financing spreads, and a higher provision for credit losses. 2016 net income attributable to Deere & Company is now forecast to be about $480 million. The outlook reflects the same factors cited for the quarter namely less favorable financing spreads, higher losses on lease residual values, and an increased provision for credit losses. Also remember that 2015 results benefitted from a gain on the sale of crop insurance business of about $30 million. Before we move on to receivables and inventory let's discuss the losses on residual values noted in the earnings release. The losses in the quarter were primarily related to impairments on both construction and agricultural equipment operating leases with construction accounting for more than half of the amount. While short-term leases of 12 months or less make up only 15% to 20% of the operating lease portfolio, they account for over 60% of the impairment charges in the quarter. Recent experience has seen both a higher rate of matured lease inventory being returned to John Deere Financial in addition to higher loss rates upon the remarketing of these lease returns. Weve taken a number of actions to mitigate risk on our operating lease portfolio, a few examples include lowering residual values for future leases most heavily impacting short-term leases, significantly restricting our short-term lease offerings, and increasing risk sharing with dealers. Slide 18 outlines receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $381 million. For the quarter timing of shipments impacted the Ag and turf division. We expect to end 2016 with total receivables and inventory down about $400 million with reductions from both divisions. The change in the forecast for Ag and turf is largely driven by foreign currency exchange. Field inventory to sales ratios for new large Ag equipment are expected to end the year in line with 2015 year-end levels, which is consistent with our previous forecast. Our 2016 guidance for cost of sales as a percent of net sales shown on slide 19, is about 79% unchanged from the last quarter. When modeling 2016 keep these unfavorable impacts in mind, unfavorable product mix, tier 4 product cost, and overhead spend. On the favorable side we expect price realization of about one point, favorable raw material costs, lower pension and OPEB expense, and lower incentive compensation expense. Now lets look at a few housekeeping items. With respect to R&D expense on slide 20, R&D was up 1% in the second quarter. Our 2016 forecast calls for R&D to be down about 1% with approximately one point of negative currency translation. Moving now to slide 21, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down 5% in the second quarter with currency translation, pension and OPEB and incentive compensation accounting for nearly all the change. Turning to slide 22, our 2016 forecast contemplates SA&G expense being down about 4%. The same factor cited for the quarter account for about seven points of the full year change. Turning to slide 23; pension and OPEB expense was down $50 million for the quarter and is forecast to be down about $200 million for the full year, unchanged from the previous forecast. On slide 24, the equipment operations tax rate was 31% in the quarter, primarily due to discrete items. For 2016, the full year effective tax rate is now forecast to be in the range of 31% to 33%. Slide 25 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. The forecast for cash flow from the equipment operations is about $2.1 billion in 2016. The companys third quarter financial outlook is on slide 26. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be down about 12% compared with 2015. This includes about two points of price realization and unfavorable currency translation of about one point. Turning to slide 27 in the full year outlook, our forecast now calls for net sales to be down about 9%. Price realization is expected to be positive by about one point. The reduction in price realization guidance is mostly in response to competitive pressures in the C&F division. Currency translation is negative by about two points. Finally, our full year 2016 net income forecast is now about $1.2 billion. In summary, there's little question that Deere will face challenging conditions for the rest of the year. Even so, it is noteworthy the company is continuing to perform at a much higher level than we've done in previous downturns. This is due in large part to our success in developing a more durable business model and a broader range of revenue sources. What's more, the companys financial condition remains strong. In fact we believe Deere is well-positioned to capitalize on attractive growth opportunities that will deliver value to our customers and investors in the future. Meanwhile on the cost side, we're continuing to look for ways to streamline our operations and make them even more efficient and profitable. Ill now turn the call over to Tony.
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Josh. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question and that includes no multiple-part questions. If you have additional questions we ask that you rejoin the queue. Dexter?
Operator: Okay. So we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Andy Casey of Wells Fargo. You may now ask your question.
Andrew Casey : Thanks, good morning. Question on the guidance, I'm trying to understand the components of the $100 million net income guidance reduction, the tax rate down kind of more than offsets the $45 million down in credit. Can you kind of run through the other factors driving net income guidance decrease because it doesnt really look like the operating profit post corporate really changed that much?
Tony Huegel : Sure. And yes, there's a lot of moving pieces and I know you all love when I point out rounding. But truly again this quarter there is rounding. Ill point out a few of those specifically. As you think about Ag & Turf in the rounding there, we talk about a 7% operating margin, understand that is rounding up. So youre actually let's say you are closer to a 6.5 and you are 7. And similarly construction is also rounding up. So as we point out, the 6% its really closer to 5.5%. And I would point out as well, the 1.2 billion in income is also a rounded number and, in this case it is actually rounding down a little bit. So to your point if you look at some of those moving pieces, when you think about construction, when you think about some of the positive as well as is financial services coming down, you dont necessarily see a full $100 million. And I would point out as you look at the change in our internal forecast for net income it wouldnt be a full $100 million reduction either. It is just a way of rounding looks it does go to the full $100 million. So again you are right in the sense that obviously you are seeing some negatives from financial services. That income is obviously lower. The other larger item that did reduce in the quarter is around construction and forestry and as you think about that sales change, a good portion of that relates to pricing and with competitive pressures that we have seen our price realization has come down. Actually I will tell you it is slightly negative in our forecast today. And remember as we reduced pricing, that drops right to the bottom line and so that does have a greater impact on the profitability of that particular division. Those are the major moving pieces.
Andrew Casey : Okay, so its not really related to other expense because that was considerably higher?
Joshua Jepsen: Yes, thats exactly right. Okay, thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. You may now ask your question.
Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning. I guess just a couple of questions, Tony I think you guys covered the finance sub in your prepared remarks but could you just give a little more color you said you changed some of your assumptions on residual values on risk sharing agreements with dealers, so can you give color exactly on what you did there and your confidence level that this isn't the first step I guess more to come? Thanks.
Joshua Jepsen: Sure, yeah, and certainly I can't get too specific on the details of what we have done again just from a competitive perspective. We try to be cautious around that. But I think maybe to put some of this in context, remember the two key drivers when you think about operating leases and the gains or losses on the return of matured lease inventory there is really two factors that we tend to focus on; what's the rate of return? So how much of that equipment actually comes back to John Deere Financial. And in this case as we talked about were seeing on short-term leases a much higher return rate than the average portfolio. So more of that equipment is coming back to John Deere Financial for disposition. And then the second factor is now what of those that come back how much can you sell that for versus what the residual value is. And again on the shorter-term leases were seeing a higher level of loss generally on the disposition of that equipment. So those are that -- a lot of the work weve done is around how do we shore up and reduce the risk around those short-term leases. And so obviously as Josh talked about in the opening comments, it's around residual values, changing those, again bringing in more risk, sharing with the dealers. In fact I would tell you on some of the used equipment short-term leases, those 12 months leases dealers today effectively are guaranteeing the residual value in terms of if we are going to write a 12 month lease on used Ag equipment. So, those are some of the changes that we would have made but again its with the focus on how do we reduce some of that risk primarily around the short-term portion of the business. So well see as we move forward. Again we are doing a lot of work around how do we reduce the return rate going forward doing some advanced marketing with our dealers and customers to again see more of that matured lease inventory stay with either of the customer or the dealer, not get put back on John Deere Financial, as well as exploring a part of that, how can we dispose of that equipment more profitably. So well see as we move forward but those would be the two areas I would point out. As much as Id love to say we've captured it all and there's really no risk going forward, the change in the return rate as well as the loss rates are going to be the two factors we're looking at internally. And that I would point out has a risk of getting worse. It also has the opportunity to get better if some of these activities do actually work out and we're able to reduce those two factors. So again, hopefully, a little bit more color that helps provide some idea of what we're doing there. Thank you. Next caller?
Jamie Cook: Okay. Thank you. Ill get back in queue.
Tony Huegel : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research Company. You may now ask your question.
Adam Uhlman: Hi, guys. Good morning. On raw material costs, I guess you had mentioned that you expect that to be favorable for the year but we've seen steel prices move higher quite a bit recently. And so I'm wondering at what point in the year, in your model, does this start to become unfavorable, is that going to start in the fourth quarter as we expect that in the first quarter of next year, maybe talk through that?
Tony Huegel: Thats a good point and I would point out certainly we would describe steel prices today as very volatile. As you pointed out we've seen steel prices increase pretty dramatically here in the last several months, started really with some spikes in pricing in China. I'd note that actually in the Chinese market the pricings come down pretty dramatically again. So there are a lot of people who would argue that the high level theyre at today is likely to come off of that pricing. Again, not that we're saying its likely to come back down well below the $400 range either on some of the steel pricing. Candidly the steel mills at that level are largely unprofitable. So we would expect it to settle back a bit. Now for Deere, to get specific to your question, we would point out our risk is mostly in our fourth quarter, the way our contracts are set up. We dont have a lot of risk through third quarter, but going into fourth quarter, and then of course what that means for fiscal 2017 depending on where the steel prices settle in, could have some impact next year as well. So again its a little premature, given the volatility to talk much about what 2017 might look like but for us the risk is fourth quarter. And Id point out its a relatively low steel purchasing quarter for us. So minimal impact on 2016, more risk in 2017. Okay. Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. You may now ask your question.
Jerry Revich: Hi, good morning everyone. Tony, can you talk about the pace of operating lease growth for used equipment in Ag for you from here? I think last year was one of the bigger levers that you folks used to bring down used equipment inventories in the channel and I'm wondering if this year you're expecting a similar contribution? Have your plans there changed at all post the adjustment this quarter? Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, again, I think the easiest way to answer that is it will depend on what our customer preferences are as we - as our dealers seek to move that equipment, and Ill point out again as I have in the past, when you think about leasing versus retail notes, our preference candidly would always be a retail note versus an operating lease. But if our customers preference is to have an operating lease then well certainly consider that. Now as I mentioned earlier, from a short-term perspective and specifically I'm talking about 12-month leases, we've done a number of - made a number of changes that make those short-term leases candidly much less attractive. And in terms of some of the residual value changes that we would point out, its really setting those residual values at a level thats more appropriate for the type of experience we're seeing today on the disposition of the matured lease inventory. So going forward certainly if a customer has a preference towards a longer-term lease when theyre looking to buy used equipment, we would continue to look to offer that lease option from a financing perspective. I think there's a little bit of misunderstanding or information in the marketplace around the level of leasing too. Ive heard numbers as high as 50% is going into operating lease today. We would tell you year-to-date if you look at operating leases versus retail note its closer to a quarter of the volume is operating lease. Now again to be fair that is higher than what it would have been historically, but it is nowhere near that half type of range that some are talking about.
Jerry Revich: Thanks Tony, and that half is not from us, we appreciate it.
Tony Huegel: Thank you, next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Gilardi of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. You may now ask your question.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks Tony, so what are the factors that actually got you to flat year-on-year revenue in Ag and yet youre implying an 11% revenue decline in the second half of 2016. So what's going on there?
Tony Huegel: Sure, last quarter our sales came in a little lighter for the first quarter than what we had forecast and we talked about there that was largely a shift of production from first quarter into second quarter. So we anticipated second quarter being a little higher and I would tell you the opposite happened this quarter. We actually also saw in addition to the first quarter shipments moving into second pulling forward a little bit of the production from third quarter which is why again when you think about our agricultural Ag and turf division we really didnt see a change. When you back out FX didnt see a change in the sales impact. It is really just shifting between quarters and thats largely what drove those higher sales in the second quarter.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Yes, thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan of JP Morgan. You may now ask your question.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning.
Joshua Jepsen: Hi, Ann.
Ann Duignan: Hi, I am struggling a little bit to understand your strategy on the agricultural side. If I look at industry data, there are about 15,000 used Deere over 100 horsepower tractors for sale and yet inventories of new equipment are now at 37% of trailing 12 month sales, almost double a year ago. So can you talk to us a little bit about what is your strategy on the used equipment side, how do you help dealers get rid of that used equipment? Thank you.
Joshua Jepsen: Actually, Ill loop back around to used, but I want to address the new inventory because I think that is maybe as relevant as anything that you pointed out there. In the sense that I think you are looking at the AEM data thats in the appendix. I would point out that 100 horsepower and above, so thats a wider range than what we would consider large equipment. We would start at 220 horsepower as large Ag equipment and very specifically that 100 horsepower, 100 to 200 horsepower range is mostly for us to be our 6000 series tractors. I would point out that those 6000 series tractors come from Germany and as a result they aren't a build to retail order type of product as our large equipment large tractors would be in the U.S. and Canada. So you do get some shifts timing wise from that perspective. I'd also point out similar to the previous question, we did have some higher level of shipments in the third quarter even on the larger equipment so there is some timing difference there as well. Maybe most importantly as we think about year-end, again think about the quarter-end as a timing issue in terms of inventory in the field of new equipment. When you look forward, what's in our forecast today assuming our retail sales forecast is accurate and our shipment forecast is accurate, we will end the year with that 100 horsepower and above inventory to sales ratio very much in line with where we ended 2015. Even inclusive of those 6000 series tractors. Certainly from a large Ag perspective were expecting even a bit more of a decrease in that particular product. You know, again we work in a lot of ways on used equipment with our dealers. Certainly we leverage what we use as pool fund that provide availability to that dealer and again much of that is with the focus on the level of new equipment that they are willing to sell given the level of used. As you know, every new piece of equipment comes of the used trade. And so we do try to balance that and talk through that with our dealers. So -- but again, I think what you're seeing today in those inventories is largely some seasonality type of differences. So -- okay? Hopefully that gave you some additional color and well go ahead and move on to the next caller. Thanks, Ann.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mircea Dobre of Robert Baird. You may now ask your question.
Mircea Dobre: Good morning, everyone. Tony, if I may Id like to ask you a question on farm balance sheets. Thats slide 40 of your presentation. And obviously based on that chart, things are looking pretty good. But if we're looking at farm balance sheets, land accounts for better than 80% of farm assets. We're starting to see some deterioration in cash ramps; we're starting to see some erosion in farmland values. So I guess my question is how do you think about the risk to farm balance sheets going forward? And most importantly can equipment demand eventually stabilize if land values continue to erode?
Tony Huegel: Yes, certainly you are seeing - and you're seeing it really in that chart as well to your point, while relative to history those debt-to-equity ratios are still at pretty attractive levels and we would argue that farmers in general their balance sheets are pretty strong. They came into this downturn having come through a strong environment with balance sheets in good order. But you're seeing those creep up and some of that or a good portion of that is assets coming down and specifically land values. So you are seeing some of that and its coming down slowly. We dont anticipate any kind of precipitous decline in land values, we're certainly not seeing signals of that. Its coming down but at moderate  modest-to-moderate pace. As a result financing ratios are creeping up a bit. But again, we dont sense any major financial upheaval in the farm sector at this point. Again, I would point out, also at these levels, while farmer profitability is significantly lower, broadly speaking, farmers are still profitable at these corn prices. And again, not that they arent being pinched but are still being profitable. So if corn prices stay at this level, I would point out as cash rent comes down that helps the profitability of most farmers as well. So there's a little bit of double-edged sword on those land values and in terms of the impact it has on farmers.
Tony Huegel : Thank you. Appreciate the question and well move on to the next caller.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question comes from the line of Kwame Webb of Morningstar. You may now ask your question.
Kwame Webb: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question today. I just want to get a little bit of expanded commentary on South America. So as I think about the two big things going on there particularly in Brazil, not only was there uncertainty around the rates but also it seemed like there was a little bit of a bottleneck in terms of turnaround time on those applications. So if youd kind of give some thoughts on that and then any early thoughts on your exposure to the Argentina market, as that seems to be opening up? Thanks so much.
Tony Huegel: Thank you and I appreciate the question, yes. Certainly as you think about Brazil I think I would still claim obviously is our outlook for South America did decline a bit on tractors and in combines. Things are still - the markets still pretty tough there. But to your point there are - have been a couple of signs recently of potential positives. Certainly the fact that FINAME financing rates have been announced while theyre higher than what we've been at, theyre still at very attractive levels for farmer customers that point out below  continue to be below inflation. So that is very helpful from that perspective. And actually in the short-term we point out could result in a little bit of a pull ahead. So farmers have until, I believe, its June 9th, to make their applications under the current rates before the rates move up those - a couple of points. So again in the short-term we would expect to see some nice activity. But again as Josh pointed out in the opening comments, a lot of that uncertainty around what will happen, will we even have a FINAME program, what's going to happen with down payment requirements, all those sorts of things that at least for the time being largely been alleviated. But well see as we move forward because there is still some uncertainty. I think again were getting the sense that the agricultural community is viewing these changes positively but it is early and I would say the same thing in Argentina. Again some very positive changes for farmer customers, their ability to export their product, those sorts of things but it is still early. So we could potentially I suppose later in the year, you could see some benefit but I would argue most of that we would view as a 2017 opportunity versus the 2016 opportunity.
Kwame Webb: Thanks for the color.
Tony Huegel: You bet, thank you, next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Raso of Evercore ISI. You may now ask your question.
David Raso: Hi, thank you. Really just a simple question if you look at the second half implied EPS that you adjusted for what second half usually is at the full year, we are sort of walking away from the call with the idea of the second half of the years implying annualized earnings power roughly around $3. To walk us away from that assumption can you help us a bit maybe with is production in the second half going to be well below retail, maybe help quantify what the pull forward was from 3Q and a 2Q so I can smooth it out and put it back into the second half, I am just trying to understand is that what we should be walking away with given where youre implying second half EPS?
Tony huegel : Yeah, I mean when you think about net income in the back half you certainly as our guidance implies, our first half was stronger than the back half is forecasted to be. We have had some shifts in production. I mean broadly I can't necessarily say that that's been the case, but things like large tractors and there is obviously some relevance there. Year-over-year if you look at 2015, in the first half about 45% of our shipments occurred in the first half and 55% in the back half. 2016 that actually flips and again that was just the really more reflective of if that factory looked at the best way to line up the production for the year, thats what made the most sense for 2016. So we are seeing a little bit of shift in some of those products as we move forward. Certainly as you look at construction, things aren't getting easier there and our forecast as we talked about last year does not look for the back half of the year to improve. And seasonally youll see some sales increases but you are not going to see in our forecast anyway any anticipated lift in the overall market. So you dont get that benefit year-over-year those sorts of things. So again I think you are right in the sense that the back half is a bit lighter than the first half in our forecast.
Rajesh Kalathur: David, this is Raj I would not annualize the second half rather look at the full year. Quarter-to-quarter we have changes that can impact the full year and this time Tony said there was some pull ahead from the third quarter what would have been in the third quarter to the second quarter.
David Raso: That is why I am asking if you can help quantify it, I mean is the 300 million and thats roughly with a reasonable incremental margin, it was $0.16. I mean help us because if you dont help us it is what it is, its the second half is usually 46% to 49% of the full year, that second half run rates implying like a $3.05 earnings power. But again if you help us with the pull forward say its $0.16 then it's more like implying a $3.35 annualized run rate. Were just trying to help understand is this how we should view the earnings power as the back half is telling us, or is production also well below retail in the second half. Were just trying to help frame it because otherwise it is what it is. It is implying $3.05 kind of annualized run rate?
Rajesh Kalathur: So David all I would say is taken the second half and annualizing it will not give you the right answer going forward. So you may want - so we cannot really quantify it any more than that.
Tony Huegel: Unfortunately I think thats about all the further were going to be able to go with that one. So we can take that offline later. Just go on to the next caller. Thanks David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Shlisky of Seaport Global. You may now ask your question.
Michael Shlisky: Good morning guys, I want to touch on your share buybacks. I haven't seen all that much thus far in 2016. I guess is it kind of safe to say that 2016 buybacks will be behind what we have seen in 2015, 2014 and could you update us possibly are these sort of cash out there that are a bit higher in your hierarchy that you're kind of holding on to cash flow now, are there any good deals out there, any new markets, etcetera.
Rajesh Kalathur: Mike, this is Raj. As you know cash use priorities remain the same. Theyve not changed at all. So our single A is the highest priority and then we look at strategic options. And with respect to strategic growth options youve seen us keep organic R&D spend at a pretty healthy rate and youve also seen us announce some inorganic acquisitions. And youve seen us talk about Precision Planting, Monosem, and more recently Heidi [ph]. So in this type of an industry environment where we have a very strong financial position, some of these inorganic options become more actionable for us. And if they are in the long-term interest of our shareholders for profitable growth in the long-term, we will act on some of those. And then dividends are our next priority and then finally share repurchases and we've always said share repurchases are a residual use of cash. And as you just mentioned we have higher - if there are higher priority uses, we apply it those. Now I wont say this with respect to share repurchases, we have also said we will do those only if it fits in the long-term interest of long-term shareholders. We still think its very good value for long-term shareholders, but we want to first allocate cash for other higher priorities.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Michael Shlisky: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer of Barclays. You may now ask your question.
Robert Wertheimer: Hi, thanks, good morning. Thanks for the question. The loss of the - the charges or losses on leases, were that just on stuff that was turned in or did you change the depreciation assumption as well?
Tony Huegel: Yes, so theres both losses and impairments that we took on some of the items that were either an inventory or as well as some of the future leases. So we did look at some of the impairments. We basically looked out a year at lease maturities and took what we felt was the most applicable experience that we're seeing. Again as I mentioned earlier on the return rates that we're experiencing as well as the loss rates and apply those to that future lease maturity. Id point out to the extent that short - as we looked out a year to the extent that those short-term leases have been our largest challenge, we would have captured obviously the lions share of those short-term leases in that analysis that we took. And then as we evaluate and make changes going forward, the intent is to reduce that risk significantly on future short-term leases to the extent we do book any 12-month leases as we move forward.
Rajesh Kalathur: Rob, this is Raj. Let me just take a broader perspective on this. You know operating leases are only about 14% of our total portfolio. And then the impairments and losses have been concentrated in less than 20% of this 14%, okay? So this is primarily the less than 12 month and less leases. And you heard us talk about clearly taking significant steps to address this issue, lowered our residual values, we have significantly restricted the 12 month or less leases. But for those maturing in the next few quarters, now we've assumed recent loss rates and return rates and also forecasted that. We also, you heard from Tony, were also actively working on limiting our loss rates and return rates for whats going to mature in the next few quarters. Now the other 86% of the GDF portfolio, we are forecasting we have about 23 basis points of loss provisions. So still a very good financial portfolio, especially given where the industry is or where all in the competitive environment is.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fisher of UBS Securities. You may now ask your question.
Steven Fisher: Great, thanks. Good morning. On pricing in construction including the selling incentives I know you said is now expected to be down slightly for the year, really just trying to understand the trend in the second half versus what you are seeing in the fiscal second quarter, is that currency is maybe not as much of a competitive threat from some players as it was in the first half and I think some folks are expecting that to really help the pricing dynamic going forward. So as to what extent are you expecting pricing to get increasingly challenging in the second half versus just what you saw in the second quarter and are you stepping up restructuring to kind of mitigate that?
Tony Huegel: Yes, I think in relation to the pricing what were looking at is really reflective of what we have seen in the marketplace to date from a competitive perspective. Certainly you would hope as weve hoped all year that some of that competitive pressure would ease up a bit and others would be as focused on some positive price realization as we are. I would point out that isn't all about FX benefit in terms of the competitive pressures that were seeing. Meaning it is not just people who are leveraging yen benefits specifically. And so Ill probably leave it at that but remember as the impact in the second quarter on price was greater than what you would see as a run rate going forward in the third and fourth quarter, simply because of the accrual that you have to make when you perceive higher levels of discount in the future because you now have to increase your accrual on all of the field inventory thats already been shipped in prior quarters. So again at quarter end what you see, the way the accounting works the quarter in which you see that higher level of incentives going forward does tend to take a more significant hit. And so that was the impact for construction in the second quarter. And with that well move on to the next caller.
Steven Fisher: Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss of BMO Capital Markets. You may now ask your question.
Joel Tiss: Hi, how is it going. I am just going to glue two random ones together here. Can you just remind us what the mix in your C&F or the construction business is that you are still selling to rental? And I wonder also on the mix shift in Ag, is that partially deliberate because you guys are moving -- trying to move a little more into smaller Ag or is that just the market forces pushing things around?
Tony Huegel: Certainly from a construction perspective historically we would have said 15% to 20% of our sales go into rental. It would be on the lower -- actually below that range today and in terms of what's going to IRC. We have talked a lot about from a small large mix especially on the utility tractors. Our desire -- our compact utility tractors, our desire to improve market share there. But to be fair some of thats also market. The market is certainly not as weak on the small equipment as it would be on the large as we talked about in our guidance. So it is a bit of both, our desire to increase market share as well as the market shifting in that direction. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Volkmann of Jeffries. You may now ask your question.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi, good morning. I only have one last kind of a philosophical question and I guess as I go through your appendix and look at what you guys are assuming for the backdrop here for the next year or so it is hard to make a case that there is much of a recovery likely going out over the next year or two and I am not really asking you to bless that forecast. So, I guess I am just trying to figure out kind of where are you in the cost control process and if next year were to be another down year would you be able to hold these decrementals around 30% or would they get worse and at what point do you kind of think about doing some real footprint reduction restructuring rather than just kind of headcount stuff? Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Yes, I mean I think and obviously it is pretty early to bless any forecast for 2017. But I would point out to your comment, I mean obviously the current forecast is pretty high. Corn crop to be planted, I am sure of a significant weather event that would impact production and I would argue thats a comment from really any of the key growing regions if you see a significant weather impact. We will continue to believe you would see a pretty responsive change in pricing and the environment could shift pretty quickly. But at this point thats primarily about weather and were not going to make a call on weather at this point in the process. So lets go with the assumption that youre seeing a flattish kind of environment. Let's go with I think your question was more about down. If youre talking about large Ag seeing another significant downturn, as we have talked about last year I mean it will be challenging for us given the levels were at with our production capacity today it will be very difficult for us to maintain this level of decremental margin. Especially to the comment earlier of I think Adam asked about with steel pricing, as you start to get headwinds on some of the material cost, that adds pressure as well but even if all of those costs are those sort of external cost if you will remain flat, another significant downturn in large Ag would make it very difficult for us to maintain these low decremental margins. Now I want to shift, it does not mean that we aren't continuing to look for ways that we can reduce cost. We talked before, we haven't done lot on R&D. If we continue to see a further weakening or even continue at these levels we would take a much harder look at those projects. Certainly from a SA&G perspective as well I would say clearly were looking -- continuing to look at ways that we can streamline our processes and streamline our operations in order to reduce those costs. But the ability to do that at a level that would offset another significant step down in large Ag would not be likely.
Rajesh Kalathur: Steve, this is Raj let me add to what Tony said, and if you look at the longer-term demand for grains it is still in very good shape. So its continuing to increase globally which is a positive signal for the long term for us. And as we look at the future, we have said if there is a change in our overall pieces in terms of long-term demand that would make us take some drastic changes in terms of our strategy. But we haven't seen that otherwise it is basically localized to weather. And we have said weather can impact that you have seen the prices come back -- core prices and especially soybean prices come back up sharply with just some of the weather scenarios in Argentina and Brazil. Now with respect to your question on decrementals it clearly is going to depend on which part of the Ag or C&F segment goes down or goes up. So with a small Ag there is -- it is what you know more and more left with small Ag. If that goes down then our decrementals can be managed at the current levels or around the current levels. If it is going to be more on the large Ag it is going to be harder for us to manage but it is still going to be much better than in previous downturns, okay. And we do have continuing efforts in terms of structural cost reduction whether they be on a material cost side, overhead side, or SA&G side. So you will see us continuously work on those to offset any of these if the scenario of your -- should happen.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you so much.
Tony Huegel: Okay, well have time for just one more caller please.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets. You may now ask your question.
Brendan Shea : Hi, good morning, thanks for fitting in my question. This is Brendan Shea on for Seth. Just touching back on your sales composition, how much have recent acquisitions contributed to your current revenue and then how much do you have acquisitions baked into your estimates?
Tony Huegel : As you think about acquisitions keep in mind in our forecast as a general rule we would not incorporate sales of an acquisition into our forecast until the point in which we actually close on those. So that would include, in this case Hagie and Monosem. So it would be a pretty small percentage. So, I would say it wouldnt be in rounding. You really wouldnt see it in the current forecast.
Tony Huegel: Alright, with that we will close the call. Again I appreciate all of your questions and participation and as always we will be around throughout the day to answer any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference, thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-02-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager, Investor Communications Joshua Jepsen - Manager, Investor Communications Rajesh Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc. Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC Henry George Kirn - SG Americas Securities LLC Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Larry T. De Maria - William Blair & Co. LLC David Raso - Evercore ISI Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Emily McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC Vishal B. Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Company fourth quarter earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as Josh Jepsen and Susan Karlix from the IR team. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2016. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Before we move ahead with today's call, I'd like to pay a word of tribute to our Manager of Investor Relations, Susan Karlix. As many of you know, Susan will be retiring soon after 35 years with the company. Susan has been a valued member of the Investor Relations team for the past 13 years. Over this time, she has become well-known to investors as a trustworthy source of information about the company and a familiar voice on the quarterly earnings conference call. Within Deere and across the IR field, Susan enjoys an impeccable reputation for accuracy and professionalism. This will be Susan's final call with us. She'll be missed for her many contributions and remembered for the steady hand and conscientious style she brought to her work every day. I'm sure Susan's friends in the analyst community join all of us at Deere in wishing her much health and happiness as she closes out her career and enters the next chapter of her life. Thank you, Susan.
Susan Karlix - Manager, Investor Communications: Thank you, Tony.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Now, Josh.
Joshua Jepsen - Manager, Investor Communications: Thank you, Tony. With the announcement of our first quarter results, John Deere has started out 2016 on a profitable note. Our results, however, were lower than last year reflecting the continuing impact of the downturn in the global farm economy and weakness in construction equipment markets. All of Deere's businesses remained solidly profitable for the quarter. This shows our continuing progress, managing costs and creating a more flexible responsive cost structure. We also lowered our annual guidance for both sales and earnings, with most of the change due to foreign currency and weaker markets in construction equipment. Now, let's take a closer look at our first quarter results in detail, beginning on slide 3. Net sales and revenues were down 13% to $5.525 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $254 million. EPS was $0.80 in the quarter. On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 15% to $4.8 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by two points. Currency translation was negative by four points. In comparison with our previous net sales guidance of down about 11%, the difference is largely attributable to lower sales volumes for Agriculture & Turf equipment. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, let's start with Agriculture & Turf on slide five. Net sales were down 12% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison. The decrease was mostly due to lower shipment volumes of large Ag equipment in the United States and Brazil. Partially offsetting these declines were higher sales in Europe. Foreign currency exchange had a negative impact on sales as well, largely driven by the euro and Brazilian real. Operating profit was $144 million, down from $268 million last year. The decrease in operating profit was primarily driven by lower shipment volumes, unfavorable foreign currency exchange, and a less favorable product mix. These factors were partially offset by price realization, lower selling, administrative and general expenses, and lower production costs. The division's decremental margin in the quarter was about 26%. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide six outlines U.S. farm cash receipts. Given the record crop harvests of the last three years and the resulting lower commodity prices, our estimate for 2015 cash receipts is now down about 10% from 2014's peak levels. Our 2016 forecast contemplates total cash receipts to be about $381 billion, down slightly from 2015. On slide seven, grain stocks-to-use ratios remain at somewhat sensitive levels on a global basis, even after the abundant harvest of the past three years. Global grain and oilseed demand remain strong, while supplies are now fully adequate. Even so, unfavorable growing conditions in any key region of the world as well as unknown impacts from any geopolitical tensions could result in prices quickly moving higher. Our economic outlook for the EU 28 is on slide eight. Economic growth is improving at a moderate pace. Farm income remains below the long-term average, and weakness persists in the dairy sector. As a result, we're expecting lower industry farm machinery demand in the EU region. On slide nine, you'll see the economic fundamentals outlined for China and India. Because of the economic slowdown in China, we continue to anticipate lower industry sales. While the government support of mechanization is helping the sector, changes in government subsidies are causing uncertainty. Turning to India, the government continues providing assistance to the Ag sector with programs such as minimum support prices for commodities. Although the region has experienced two consecutive below-normal monsoon seasons, our forecast calls for a modest rebound in industry sales in 2016. Shifting to Brazil, slide 10 illustrates the crop value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness there. Ag production is expected to decrease about 2% in 2016 in U.S. dollar terms due to lower global commodity prices. The situation, however, is more positive in local currency due to the devaluation of the real. Brazilian farmer profitability remains at good levels as crops are sold in dollars. Although Ag fundamentals remain positive, farmer confidence is low due to economic and political concerns, growing inflation, and uncertainty over government-sponsored financing programs, all of which are leading to lower equipment sales. In spite of these short-term concerns, the long-term fundamentals for our Ag business in Brazil remain strong. Our 2016 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 11. You will note there are no changes from the guidance provided last quarter. Low commodity prices and stagnant farm incomes in the U.S. and Canada are continuing to pressure demand for farm equipment, with the decline being most pronounced in the sale of high-horsepower models. Our forecast for industry sales in the U.S. and Canada remains down 15% to 20%, with large Ag equipment sales down 25% to 30%. The EU 28 industry outlook remains flat to down 5% in 2016 due to low crop prices and farm incomes as well as continued pressure on the dairy sector. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be down 10% to 15% in 2016. Shifting to Asia, sales are expected to be flat to down slightly, due in part to weakness in China. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2016, benefiting from new products and general economic growth. Putting this all together on slide 12, fiscal year 2016 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be down about 10%. This includes about four points of negative currency translation. The deterioration in our forecast is driven almost entirely by foreign currency exchange. Ag & Turf division operating margin is forecast to be about 7% in 2016, unchanged from the previous forecast. The implied decremental margin for the year is about 23%. Now let's focus on Construction & Forestry. Net sales were down 23% in the quarter as a result of lower shipment volumes and unfavorable foreign currency exchange, partially offset by price realization. Operating profit was $70 million in the quarter, down from $146 million last year. The decrease was driven by lower shipment volumes, partially offset by price realization and lower selling, administrative and general expenses. The division's decremental margin was about 21%. Moving to slide 14, looking at the economic indicators at the bottom part of the slide, GDP growth is positive, construction spending is up from 2015 levels, and housing starts are expected to exceed 1.2 million units this year. In spite of these encouraging signs, the industry is operating at a slow pace. Contributing factors are weak conditions in the North American energy sector and the movement of equipment from energy producing regions to other parts of the country. Rental utilization rates continue to decline, economic growth outside the United States is sluggish and the mix of housing starts in the U.S. is skewed to multifamily homes reducing demand for earthmoving equipment. As a result, Deere's Construction & Forestry sales are now forecast to be down about 11% in 2016. The change from our previous forecast is largely driven by lower sales in the United States and Canada and a negative foreign exchange effect of about one point. The forecast for global forestry markets remains down 5% to 10% from the strong levels we've experienced in recent years, primarily as a result of lower sales in the U.S. and Canada. C&F's full year operating margin is now projected to be about 7%. The implied decremental margin for the year is about 27%. Let's move now to our Financial Services operations. Slide 15 shows the annualized provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio. At the end of January, it was eight basis points, reflecting the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecast for 2016 contemplates a loss provision of about 19 basis points. Even so, this would put the year's losses below the 10-year average of 26 basis points, and well below the 15-year average of 39 basis points. Moving to slide 16, Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $129 million in the first quarter versus $157 million last year. The lower results were primarily due to the unfavorable effects of foreign currency exchange translation, higher losses on residual values, primarily for construction equipment operating leases, less favorable financing spreads, and a higher provision for credit losses. These were partially offset by lower selling, administrative, and general expenses. 2016 net income attributable to Deere & Company is now forecast to be about $525 million which is down from last year. The outlook reflects less favorable financing spreads, an increased provision for credit losses and the negative effects of currency exchange translation. Remember that 2015 results benefited from a gain on the sale of the crop insurance business of about $30 million. Before we move on to receivables and inventory, let's discuss the losses on residual values noted in the earnings release that affected the quarter's results. A majority of the losses were due to impairment charges for construction equipment. The losses were mainly related to short-term leases of production class equipment. We continue to closely monitor the leasing portfolio, adjust residual values on the existing portfolio as needed, and take appropriate actions on new contracts to ensure we are mitigating future risk. Slide 17 outlines receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $205 million. We expect to end 2016 with total receivables and inventory down about $550 million with reductions from both divisions. 2016 guidance for cost of sales as a percent of net sales shown on slide 18 is about 79%, unchanged from last quarter. When modeling 2016, keep these unfavorable impacts in mind. Unfavorable product mix, Tier 4 product costs, and overhead spend. On the favorable side, we expect price realization of about two points, favorable raw material costs, lower pension and OPEB expense, and lower incentive compensation expense. Now, let's look at a few housekeeping items. With respect to R&D expense on slide 19, R&D was down 4% in the first quarter including about two points of negative currency translation. Our 2016 forecast calls for R&D to be down about 3% with about one point of negative currency translation. Moving now to slide 20, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down 11% in the first quarter with currency translation, incentive compensation, and pension and OPEB accounting for about eight points of the change. Our 2016 forecast contemplates SA&G expense being down about 4%. The same factors just cited for the quarter also account for about six points from the full year change. Turning to slide 21, pension and OPEB expense was down $44 million for the quarter and is forecasted to be down about $200 million for the full year, unchanged from the previous forecast. On slide 22, the equipment operations tax rate was 20% in the quarter, primarily due to discrete items. While it's not our practice to provide specifics on discrete items, I would point out the R&D tax credit was extended for 2015 during the quarter. For 2016, the full year effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 33% to 35%. Slide 23 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $2.1 billion in 2016. The reduction from our previous guidance is largely attributable to the forecasted change in working capital and lower net income. The company's second quarter financial outlook is on slide 24. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be down about 8% compared with 2015. This includes about two points of price realization and unfavorable currency translation of about three points. Turning to slide 25 and the full year outlook, our forecast now calls for net sales to be down about 10%. Price realization is expected to be positive by about two points. Currency translation is negative by about three points. Finally, our full year 2016 net income forecast is now about $1.3 billion. In closing, although Deere expects another challenging year in 2016, our forecast represents a level of performance that is much better than we have experienced in previous downturns. This illustrates the continuing impact of our efforts to establish a more durable business model and a wider range of revenue sources. At the same time, Deere's financial condition remains strong, and the company is continuing to forecast a healthy level of cash flow this year. As a result, we're well-positioned to continue looking to the future and making investments in innovative products, advanced technology and new markets. These actions, we're confident, will deliver significant value to our customers and investors in the years ahead. I'll now turn the call over to Tony.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Josh. Now, we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure, but in consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, again, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Carlos?
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our first question will be coming from the line of Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse Securities. Your line is open.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, good morning. Congratulations, Susan. We will miss you. So in terms of my questions, I guess, Tony, last quarter you talked about production in large Ag and you talked about as we think about the back half of the year that production should be more in line with retail demand. Can you talk about if there's any change there? And then also any progress you made on the used inventory issue within large Ag. Thanks.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. So as you think about inventory and some may have noticed kind of along that line with the receivables and inventory forecast that it is  it did change and the reduction is actually a little lower from what we had in the original budget. And I would point out first of all that's really more related to changes in small Ag. So if you look at large Ag, the forecasted change in dealer receivables is really very, very similar, very much in line with what we had in the original budget. Used equipment, we continue to make progress. It's still  as we talked about previously, there's still a lot of work there, especially on large tractors. I think last time we talked about down 18% roughly from the highs that were set in 2014. Today, we would put large Ag used at about 23% lower. So again, continuing to make some good progress there. Maybe as importantly, as we bring that down, used pricing on our large Ag equipment is remaining steady. So again, continuing to make progress, but those efforts will certainly continue through 2016.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Joshua Jepsen - Manager, Investor Communications: Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Congratulations, Susan. My question is on the cost structure here, Tony. And I'm trying to figure out  I know you have some flexibility. You've shown some really good control on these decremental margins, and I know your most recent contracts have given you some increased down days and weeks and so forth. And I guess I'm just trying to figure out where we are in that process, and if things get weaker, do you still have additional levers you can pull? Or are we getting to the end there?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Certainly. To your point, from a production perspective, we do have some additional  we went from  in our UAW factories previously we had 10 weeks per year, and that has gone to 16 weeks with the new contract this year. That does provide some additional flexibility, and we would have additional flexibility. We've also talked in our forecasts for R&D, while down a bit, is not a lever we pull significantly hard at this point. And again, that is trying to take a long-term view. So depending on if our perspective changes in terms of the length of this downturn that would be certainly an area we would continue to be able to pull levers. I would note, from original budget, our SA&G forecast has come down further in terms of what we're forecasting. That's an area we continue to look at and attempt to identify costs that can come out and as those are identified, we'll add those into the forecast. So again, I don't want to imply however that we have the same type of leverage that we would've had coming off of the peak. Obviously, we're already at very low levels. So our ability to pull costs out relative to any further sales declines will be more challenging. We've been pretty open about that. This year fortunately with incrementals or decrementals as the case may be, we've gotten some benefit from the pension and OPEB change and some other factors, lower material costs and those sorts of things and so  but still I think it's demonstrating that we are very focused on cost management and doing an effective job to date. So...
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: So, someday there will be incrementals again?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Absolutely. And I'll look forward to that.
Stephen Edward Volkmann - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: All right. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Timothy Thein from Citigroup Global Markets. Your line is open.
Tim W. Thein - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Just, Tony, the question relates to your degree of confidence on that one and a half to two points of positive pricing that you're expecting for this year and I'm sure you're going to have a lot more visibility on that in the next month or two. But just maybe update us there in terms of any changes, especially interested in C&F. Obviously, you're a lot lower contributor to the overall pie. But just in light of this current and revised forecast, maybe just update us of your thoughts on pricing overall. Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Sure. I think the important thing maybe to note is as you look at that two points of price realization, both divisions continue to contribute positively to that two points of price realization, and so that has not changed. Certainly, the price environment is very challenging, especially for construction. We have a large competitor who has been pretty open about some negative pricing for their business. And so far, our business has been able to hold the line and keep pricing on a positive slant. That is a challenge, however, but one we remain focused on as we go forward. All right, next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Robert Wertheimer from Barclays Capital. Your line is open, sir.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Congratulations, Susan. We'll miss you, just a quick question on your priorities on use of cash flow. Your down cycle progresses a little bit. There's a little bit less cash flow to be had. Would you see cutting back on share repurchases as the first thing? Would you do anything less with the leasing? What are you thinking on just as you get to the normal, more cyclical lower levels of cash flow?
Rajesh Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: This is Raj. Now, I want to first say our cash flow from operations is still pretty strong, over $2 billion. And we've talked about our cash use priorities several times in the past. They remain the same. So our highest priority is our single-A rating. We are maintaining a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity, and maintaining access to attractive funding sources is even more important during a downturn like right now. So next priority is organic and inorganic investments that will benefit the company in the long term. And we are, as Tony mentioned, continuing to invest in R&D, especially with a focus on innovation. And we take a long-term view with respect to inorganic options, and we have discussions over multiple years sometimes with inorganic options that are aligned with our strategy. So we recently announced two acquisitions. One was Monosem, based in France. The other was Precision Planting, based in the U.S. And we will use about $325 million of cash for just those two. The next priority is dividends. And our goal is to keep dividends at about 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings, and we will maintain our dividends even through difficult downturns. And finally, share repurchases are a residual use of cash and deployed only if the distance from intrinsic value is significant, so it's beneficial to our longer-term shareholders. While the distance from intrinsic value makes repurchases attractive now, our higher priorities will obviously take precedence. So the other point I'll make is you may recall that quarter one is typically a significant user of cash on the operations side. So if you put all those together, I think that's a summary of what our thought is on the cash.
Robert Wertheimer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Next caller? Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from the line of Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Sir, your line is open.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody, and all the best, Susan. I'm trying to reconcile the unchanged U.S. and Canada Ag & Turf outlook and the modifications you made to the commodity outlook in the appendix. In the appendix, you decreased the farm cash receipts projection for 2015 and 2016 mostly due to livestock but also in the crop area. And then the net cash income projection for 2015 and 2016 dropped about 8% and 16% respectively. But despite all of that, you maintain U.S. and Canada end market view. I'm just wondering if you could help us understand why the reduced farm financial outlook really did not impact the end market view.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Sure. At this point, while certainly the statistical modeling that we have in place and looking at farm cash receipts and so on still play somewhat of a role in our forecasting, at this point in the process, the actual orders would tend to take a stronger  make a stronger impact on the forecast. And as we're seeing those orders come in, we're still very much in line with what we had had for our previous forecast. So we are seeing sales down certainly for North American Ag with a greater impact on the large Ag business, but I would say our order books are very much in line with that outlook.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Hi, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just a quick clarification first before my question. Monosem and Precision Planting, are they now included in your revenue guidance, and how much do they impact your revenue guidance?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: We closed on Monosem in the quarter, so they certainly would be, and we would anticipate some in the forecast for Precision Planting as well.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And how much are they adding to your outlook?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. This is going to have to be your question, Ann, so...
Rajesh Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So all I'll say, Ann, is both of them together will be slightly accretive for us and very small in terms of their revenue, so it's not really  I think let's leave it at that.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. Ann, I'm sorry. You'll have to get in back into the queue for your next question. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Joe O'Dea from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi, good morning.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Hi, Joe.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: On Financial Services, the revenue  or sorry, the net income in the quarter was roughly in line with what you were guiding for the full year if you just spread it equally. But could you talk about the cadence that you're looking at whether or not over the course of the year you anticipate some reduction in the receivables book, and how we should think about any oscillations throughout the course of the year?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I think as you think through the back half or through the remainder of the year, one thing I would point out is if you look at our forecast for the provision versus the year-to-date annualized number, it would anticipate some increase there in terms of cost. Certainly, at these lower levels of sales while the average portfolio doesn't change dramatically as you move through the year just like we saw last year you would start to see some impact from that as well. So certainly you see some  a little bit lower receivables as we go through the year. So I'd say those are probably the two biggest differences from first quarter in terms of headwind for Financial Services as you go through the rest of the year.
Joe J. O'Dea - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Yes, next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Good morning, everyone, and congratulations, Susan.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Hi, Eli.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Let me just ask a question on the decrementals and production schedules. It's sort of interesting, I think you said the decremental in farm was 26% and the year is 23% and it's a reverse case, 21% in construction and 27% through the year. Can you talk about how you change your production schedules leading to farm getting better and construction getting worse, it sounds like you cut production a lot more in the second half of the year in construction and sort of maintained a balance in farm?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Certainly as you look at the forecast, I'll start with construction, when you look at the forecast change for construction, most of that change is really as you look out toward the back part of the year. So as we talked about last quarter, there was some optimism, if you will, towards the back half of the year that we'd start to see, not an incredible amount, but some increase in sales as we went through the year. Most of that optimism candidly has been removed from the forecast, and so what we are forecasting today for construction is we think normal seasonality. So you will see some improved sales as you go through the year, but really nothing beyond again a typical seasonality. So with Ag & Turf again, you get some better clarity as you go through the year. We talked about some higher level of impact of FX as well, that certainly  FX tends to from a decremental perspective provide a little bit of benefit and boost of decremental. So that would also be contributing to some of the change in our forecast, the decrementals on Ag. Those would probably be the highlights I would point out.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. We had in our meeting with Sam Allen. He basically made a statement that you did little cuts in construction equipment and should have done it bigger. Was there any reason why you just wouldn't take construction down faster in the markets other than...
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: That is a good point. I think I would argue that's what we are doing. Again, as I point out, there is little optimism in this forecast for construction beyond the typical seasonal improvement in sales here and there as you go through the year. So it is not anticipating an overall increase in  or boost in industry demand from these current levels. And so I think that is effectively what we've attempted to do is look at it from that perspective.
Rajesh Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Eli, this is Raj. To your point, we have not only taken down the market for industry projections for CE, we've also taken down our schedules and our forecast further just to go  illustrate the points you made that Sam had earlier discussed with all of you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Okay, thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Henry Kirn from Socit Gnrale. Your line is open.
Henry George Kirn - SG Americas Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and I'll echo the congratulations to Susan. In addition to the acquisition that you just made, are there more potential spots where it would be cheaper to buy than build? And under what circumstances would you be willing to meaningfully step up the M&A focus? Thanks.
Rajesh Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: This is Raj, Henry. Of course, we are not going to talk about any specific M&A and so on. But I will just tell you a little bit about our approach to M&A. It is more strategic than opportunistic. And we take a long-term perspective with M&A. What I mean is we identify M&A candidates that align with and strengthen our strategy really, and we have discussions with them in some cases multiple years before they become actionable. Downturns like the current one we're in tend to sometimes provide a window of opportunity for some of these long-term discussions to materialize into acquisitions. Monosem and Precision Planting are examples of our approach to M&A. So I am going to leave it at that and not talk more.
Henry George Kirn - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay, right.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Brett Wong with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. You kept the volume guidance for South America unchanged. Do you have more conviction around that figure now than you did back in November? Or is there still a bit of uncertainty? And maybe you could talk about the order book down there?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Right. I think anytime we talk about the markets really outside of the U.S., for large Ag that South America in particular, the visibility is not as far out. So always remember that versus large Ag in the U.S. and Canada where we do have the best visibility from an order book perspective. So there's certainly, I would say, continued risk in South America and potential opportunity. I would say you have both, so risk  Brazil continues, while, the farmers in Brazil continue to operate at very profitable levels because of the fact that they do sell their commodities in U.S. dollars, so the FX is benefiting them but the overall government concerns remain. The FINAME financing there appears to have stabilized somewhat, Moderfrota is back in place and the funding appears to be in place for that as well. We've heard some positive comments from government officials regarding their commitment to that. But, again, there is always risk and remember their fiscal year end in June. And so what happens with the FINAME financing and other supports beyond June would continue to be a question as well. Now, on the flipside, you have Argentina where we would argue there is potential upside opportunity there if the reforms continue to progress and if those reforms are fully implemented such that we have the ability not just to import but also export and so on. We think that could be a really good opportunity for us. You may have heard when we were out traveling with Sam the fact that it is a very profitable market for us and so the opportunity to sell more products into Argentina would certainly be beneficial for us. So there are a lot of puts and takes as you think about South America but all in all, the industry outlook. Again, remember that's on tractors and combines, remained unchanged and so that's really not much change in our current view what that market may look like.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Okay, next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Steven Fisher from UBS Securities. Your line is open.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning and best wishes, Susan. How are you guys thinking about the trade-off of price versus market share in small and medium-size Ag equipment? Because from what we hear, it sounds like everyone is trying to pressure everyone else. So as you guys think about it, I mean, does it make sense to incentivize sales to hold on to you market share? Or do you just leave that to your dealers on the strength of your brand and not given on price?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I think I would say it's a similar strategy that what we've had kind of on an overall basis from a company perspective and that is that balanced approach. Pricing continues to be important to us. We continue to, in most cases, trade at a premium to our competition and certainly we would continue to be focused on price realization in small Ag. Now, where we've really increased our focus is on innovation in that area and we brought in some very attractive product. So in that case, quite often, it's not so much about discounting but making sure you have the right features on that product the customers are willing to pay for, and not having excessive amounts of features that they aren't willing to pay for, if you will. So that tends to be our focus. It's making sure we really understand that market that we're delivering the product that customer is looking for and that we can do that with positive pricing.
Steven Michael Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Nicole DeBlase from Morgan Stanley Investment Research. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks and congratulations to Susan. So there's been a few questions on Construction & Forestry already but something I just want a little bit more clarity on is, Sam has said at the breakfast in January that you guys are working through excess inventory levels in the channel. And I guess I'm just curious how much progress you made there during the quarter. And if you would now characterize Construction & Forestry industry levels as healthy or in line with end user demand?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Certainly, as you look at the reported receivables and inventory, you'll note that they're slightly higher year-over-year, so I would say that's still an ongoing focus as we move through the year is to pull those inventory levels down. So if you look at ending inventories, it actually does year-over-year, we would  with our current forecast, we would finish both inventory and within our factories as well as dealer inventories at or below where  as a percent of sales where we were at the end of 2015. So still will be a focus. It is not  we are not finished in that progression, but definitely very focused on making sure that happens.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Larry De Maria from William Blair & Company. Your line is open.
Larry T. De Maria - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning and best of luck to Susan. Can you just update us on where the pooled fund stands this year? I don't know if that's been worked down, or is there much left for dealer to use? And perhaps is that a reason why you're still getting that nice positive pricing and the steady residual values because the dealers are using those funds? So if you could just update us on that. Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. So pool funds, for those that may not be aware, those are funds that dealers effectively earn when they sell new equipment that they then can utilize for various incentives on used. And certainly, we would say overall, it's  and I'll tell you, really no change from last quarter. Overall, they're in good shape. Now there are some  we couldn't say that for every dealer. We have some dealers where we wouldn't be comfortable with the level of pool funds they have relative to the equipment that's on their lots. We are seeing dealers shifting the use of those more towards the retail sale portion. As you may be aware, they can use those funds both to provide low or no interest wholesale funding while that inventory is on their lot, or they can also use it towards various incentives. I think part of the reason why used pricing is staying high: A), that's historically how Deere equipment has responded in this type of environment; and B), some of those incentives aren't focused on simply reducing the purchase price. So we're looking at things like lower rate financing opportunities, providing additional warranty on the equipment, those sorts of things that provide incentives to the customer without degrading the purchase price, if you will. So again, we did see  and I want to be clear. When we came into the downturn, we did see some small decreases in used pricing, but they've held very firm at those small single-digit type of declines, at least to date. So we are pleased with that aspect.
Larry T. De Maria - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: Hi, good morning. I'm just trying to figure out what you're trying to imply about incremental residual value losses in Ag. You highlight the construction higher residual values. But when we look at the comments you made about used, you feel in Ag is holding steady. You're obviously making some assumptions around future issues by raising the loss provision. Can you help us understand? What are you implying about your change from provisions and your used equipment comments on Ag when it comes to  from here going forward, what is the level of residual value risk within the Ag book?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Right. First of all, you need to separate those two, because provision relates to the retail note portfolio.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: No, I understand. It's a commentary on the health of the end market, where used prices are versus...
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Right, right. but I just want to clarify that, because again, while used equipment prices have held firm from that initial decline, we did see some initial decline. And so when you look at losses on returned leases, keeping in mind the average  for new equipment, the average lease term is around three years, and used has actually moved to that. It used to be a little bit further out. So most of the lease returns that are coming back today would have been written three years ago, at least on average. So you're really still in the height of the market. So recoveries aren't as high as what they would have been historically. They're still very, very strong, but we're still seeing a little bit of a decline in the recovery rate on the Ag equipment coming in. But I wouldn't imply anything beyond that. Certainly from a provision increase, a lot of those increases come from things like a revolving credit portfolio, which is where you tend to see some responsiveness early on, not just the Ag portfolio. So those are the things that are really driving those higher level of provisions in the forecast. The other thing I'd be quick to point out is they're higher but they're higher off of historic, as you know, very low levels and let's just say that forecast is dead on and we hit 19 basis points this year. That's still a very attractive level for any portfolio to be maintaining in this type of an environment with the provision on credit losses. So again, we feel very good about the strength of the farmer and their ability to continue to pay for the equipment they have financed with us.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: I appreciate the answer, Tony, but it doesn't really answer the question. I'm trying to figure out if you feel used prices are now sequentially steady.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yes.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: If they stay at these levels, let's just say this is it, they're this straightforward. What level of residual value risk or losses are baked into your guidance? Because obviously you highlight the construction side today, and I appreciate that. But the used comment sequentially about pricing was interesting. I'm just trying to help everybody gauge where are we. Clearly, there are as you pointed out not quite the recoveries of the past. Can you help us a bit in framing it?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I would tell you at this point, what's anticipated in the forecast for Ag is largely inconsequential. Yes, there are some losses in the forecast, but we're not talking about  especially when you put it relative to the size of that portfolio. You look at those portfolios, Ag or construction as we talk about is more than two-thirds of the impairment charges that we took in the quarter, and the size of the portfolio is significantly smaller. And so again, I think that's the key difference. And I wouldn't extrapolate any of what we're talking about from construction towards Ag. There are significant differences in those portfolios between Ag and construction on our leasing. So you think about things like the term of the leases. Most of the losses we're seeing and the impairment that we're taking for construction are around short-term leases. We have less than 5% of the Ag operating lease portfolio would be what we deem a short-term lease, 12 months or less, where you've got 22% of production-class equipment leases that would be in that view. We also lease a lot more used equipment in Ag, which again, in our view would reduce some of that risk. So about 42% of our Ag portfolio is used equipment versus about 14% of construction  I'm sorry, 3% of construction is used equipment. And probably the most important difference between those two, similar to what we would talk about from a retail note perspective with the dealer reserve, on our operating leases over half of the Ag operating leases in the U.S. and Canada have some level of dealer guarantee on residual values, which provides obviously protection around any losses on residual value. More importantly, it drives a very engaged dealer in the process when these leases come back  or when the equipment comes back off of lease. So again, very, very different portfolios and I wouldn't say we're trying to imply anything when we talk about higher provisions or the value of used equipment other than the fact that they're holding steady. And if that continues, our risk on operating leases in Ag are quite low. It's still a risk that we can maintain those used equipment prices but at this point, that is holding up well.
David Raso - Evercore ISI: That's great detail. Thank you very much.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Mike Shlisky from Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Good morning, guys. And again, Susan, best of luck. Wanted to ask quickly about Europe. I think you had mentioned that Ag sales were actually up in Europe in the quarter. Either way, I've seen data where you're seeing Deere gain some share in some key markets in Europe. Could you maybe just take us through are there any countries that are doing better for you and any that are doing worse, and any product categories that are doing better or worse? And perhaps is it possible for Deere itself to beat your overall market outlook for the year at all? Thanks.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: As you think about Europe, first, to the second part of that question. We certainly hope so. Any year that we enter, we would hope to gain some market share. We have a lot of new product that's entering the European market. We've been recognized from numerous tradeshows with that innovation, both Agritechnica as well as a number of shows since then that we've received a variety of awards for that innovation. So again, especially in some of those key products we would certainly hope to gain some share of it. If you think about in the short-term, with Europe, I would note that in the first part of the year that we are getting some benefit from France. They had what's been referred to as a super amortization program which does allow for some additional amortization of the equipment in the early stages of the ownership which is providing some benefit for sales there. And we did see that increase in sales in France. That program is scheduled to end in mid-April and it's based on retail. So those would be tractors that would need to be sold to customers by mid-April and so we are again seeing a bit of advantage from that. Outside of that, I think, as you think about Europe, there does overall continue to be some headwind there with  just like a lot of parts of the world with lower commodity prices. Dairy is a significant market for the European farmer and we continue to see pressure there. I think every quarter, we anticipate in the next six months for that to start to moderate and each quarter it keeps getting pushed out. But it seems to be holding on in a stubborn way in terms of the pressure on dairy right now for those farmers. But with that, I'm not sure I can add much more value beyond that. I appreciate the question.
Michael David Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities LLC: That's great, Tony. Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs & Company. Your line is open.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning and, Susan, congratulations. Tony, I'm wondering if you could just update us on your warranty performance on Tier 4 products, either frequency of repair, cost of repair? And you took up your accruals last year, I think, as you typically do with new products and can you remind us from an accounting standpoint when can we expect accruals to normalize if the performance remains favorable? How long before you make that accounting change? Thanks.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So with the warranty related questions? Yeah. Keep in mind, that's part of  that would fall into our pricing. And so to the extent you have higher returns and allowances that does affect our pricing, so you would see it there in terms of lower-priced realization, I think would be the answer. But generally, to your point, you will occasionally have some issues in a specific quarter where you had to book some accruals on specific products with new equipment. But generally, that's been a favorable trend and helped from a pricing perspective.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And sorry, Tony, the performance on Tier 4 final products, has that been favorable versus expectations and versus the accounting accruals so far?
Rajesh Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Jerry, this is Raj. If you look at every new product development program, so every wave effect typically has more issues that come up with it and then it subsides. So if you look at what we have seen in our transitions from Tier 3 and into IT 4  into Tier 4, we are very comfortable with what we have seen in terms of the product warranties in R&A with this wave of new product development programs.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: And I did want to clarify my comment. The returns and allowances are in our net sales number. They are not in our pricing calculation. So I misspoke when I said that. So  but it does impact our net sales.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Okay, thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Emily McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. This is Emily McLaughlin on for Seth today.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Hello.
Emily McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just wondering if you guys could provide a little more color on your lower organic C&F outlook? Just trying to figure out if it's end market demand deteriorating or right sizing of channel inventory.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Lower...
Emily McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then what's your confidence in your ability to maintain the positive C&F pricing with the current demand environment?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Sure. Yeah, I mean, basically as I mentioned earlier in the call, it's primarily the lower sales forecast for Construction & Forestry is around U.S. and Canada and so we lowered our end market outlook for sales in the U.S. and Canada. And again, a lot of that is just as oil prices have remained very low, the pressure that's putting on the overall market continues. And so much of the optimism we had of the markets improving as we go into the back half of the year were pretty much removed out of the forecast. So again, we continue to forecast positive price and that's our best estimate at this point and probably can't say much more beyond that. So we have time for one more caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will be coming from the line of Vishal Shah from Deutsche Bank Securities. Your line is open.
Vishal B. Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So, Tony, can you maybe just talk about the margin assumption changes for each segment for 2016, and also where your large Ag utilization rates are currently? Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Again, when you think about large Ag utilization, we talked about last year it does vary by  or last quarter, it does vary by product. So certainly when you think about where we are as a percent of mid-cycle in those products, you'd be at 50% or less in some of those facilities. And so that's where we continue to operate. And I would say mostly as you think about changes in the margin outlook, obviously FX is impacting that and that's probably the biggest change from last quarter on the Ag part. So very  really very little from a volume perspective in terms of the changes from original budget. Certainly for the year, volumes would have an impact.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So with that, I think we will need to conclude the call. We do appreciate you calling in and the questions, and as always, we will be around to take questions throughout the day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-11-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager, Investor Communications Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Tim Thein - Citigroup Global Markets Incorporated Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Joe ODea - Vertical Research Partners Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Ross Gilardi - Banc of America Merrill Lynch Mike Shlisky - Seaport Global Securities David Raso  Evercore Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research Steven Fisher - UBS Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Chad Dillard - Deutsche Bank Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Company
Operator: Good morning everyone and welcome to Deere & Companys Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today, well take a closer look at Deeres fourth quarter earnings then spend some time talking about our markets and our initial outlook for fiscal 2016. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles, generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additionally, additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Susan?
Susan Karlix: With todays announcement of our fourth quarter results, John Deere has completed another year of solid performance. We did so in spite of further weakness in the global agricultural sector and a slowdown in construction equipment markets. In response to this challenging environment, the company moved aggressively, restraining costs, reducing assets, and seeing further benefits of having a broad based business line up. As a result, Deere was able to deliver solid results, including our sixth best ever year in terms of net sales and income. We also maintained our strong financial condition, generated healthy levels of cash flow and returned some $3.4 billion a record amount to investors in the form of dividends and net share repurchases. All in all it was a sound year. One in which Deere further demonstrated its commitment to disciplined operations and the resilience of its business model. Now let's take a closer look at the fourth quarter in detail beginning on slide 3. Net sales and revenues were down 25% to $6.715 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $351 million. EPS was $1.08 in the quarter. On slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 26% to $5.9 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by one point. Currency translation was negative by five points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, let's start with Agriculture & Turf on course on slide 5. Net sales were down 25% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Lower sales were recorded in all regions of the world, but the decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes of large Ag equipment in the United States and Canada. Brazil accounted for most of the lower sales outside the US and Canada. Also hurting sales was the negative impact of foreign currency exchange. Operating profit was $271 million. The decrease in operating profit was primarily driven by lower shipment volumes, a less favorable product mix, and foreign currency exchange, partially offset by price realization, lower selling administrative and general expenses, and lower production costs. The division's decremental margin in the quarter was 27% and 30% for the full year. Quite respectable considering that worldwide large Ag sales were down approximately 35% for the year. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide 6 outlines US farm cash receipts. Given the record crop harvest of 2014 and consequently the lower commodity prices we're seeing today, our 2015 forecast calls for cash receipts to be down about 8% from 2014s peak levels. Moving to 2016, we expect total cash receipts to be about $394 billion, roughly flat with this year. On slide 7, global grain stocks-to-use ratios remain at somewhat sensitive levels, even after the abundant harvest of the past two years. Global grain and oilseed demand remains strong, while supplies are now fully adequate. Even so, unfavorable growing conditions in any key region of the world, as well as unknown impacts from any geopolitical tensions could result in prices quickly moving higher. Slide 8 highlights the awards John Deere earned at Agritechnica, the world's largest agricultural equipment fair earlier this month. Acknowledging Deere's ongoing research and development efforts, the innovation committee of the German agricultural society recognized innovations from John Deere and partner companies with 3 gold and 10 silver medals. It was the most gold and most silver medals ever awarded to one company. In addition during the show, the Waterloo-built 8R Series tractors were named Machine of the Year 2016 by a German publishing house. Our economic outlook for the EU 28 is on slide 9. Economic growth is gradually improving in the region. Farm income is below long-term averages and remains under pressure. Also, weakness continues in the dairy sector. As a result, industry farm machinery demand in the EU region is expected to be flat to down 5% in 2016. On slide 10, you'll see the economic fundamentals outlined for other targeted growth markets. In China, the governments continued investment in equipment subsidies and mechanization is supportive of agriculture. However, the economic slowdown there and lower commodity prices have lead to a decrease in the industry sales forecast Turning to India, positive consumer and investor sentiment are encouraging economic growth. While the government continues to support agriculture, two consecutive below normal monsoon seasons have taken a toll on the farm sector. Shifting to Brazil. Slide 11 illustrates the crop value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness. Ag production is expected to decrease about 2% in 2016 in US dollar terms due to lower global commodity prices. However, the situation is more positive in local currency due to the sharp devaluation of the real. That's because Brazilian farmers sell their crops in dollars helping to keep profitability at good levels. Although Ag fundamentals remain positive, farmer confidence is lower due to uncertainty over government sponsored financing programs, as well as economic and political concerns, all of which are leading to lower equipment sales. Looking beyond these immediate concerns, however, long-term fundamentals for the Ag business in Brazil remain solid. Our 2016 Ag & Turf industry outlook are summarized on slide 12. Industry sales in the US and Canada are forecast to be down 15% to 20% with large Ag sales down 25% to 30%. Low commodity prices and stagnant farm incomes are continuing to pressure demand for farm equipment, with the decline being most pronounced in the sale of high horsepower models. As mentioned previously, the EU 28 industry outlook is forecast to be flat to down 5% in 2016 due to low crop prices and farm incomes, as well as pressure on the dairy sector. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be down 10% to 15% in 2016. A reflection of the factors already discussed. Shifting to Asia, sales are expected to be flat to down slightly, due in part to weakness in China. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the US and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2016, benefiting from general economic growth. Putting this altogether on slide 13. Fiscal Year 2016 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are forecast to be down about 8% including about two points of negative currency translation. The Ag & Turf division operating margin is forecast to be about 7% in 2016, due to lower shipment volumes, a less favorable product mix, and a negative impact of foreign currency. Now let's focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 14. Net sales were down 32% in the quarter and operating profit was down 72% due to lower shipment volumes and the unfavorable effects of foreign currency. The divisions decremental margin was 27% in the quarter and 19% for the full year. Moving to slide 15. Looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, GDP growth is positive. Construction spending is increasing, and housing starts are expected to exceed 1 million units this year. And yet in spite of these encouraging signs, we are seeing weakness in our order books year-over-year. Contributing factors are weak conditions in the energy sector and energy producing regions, especially in Canada. We're also seeing a decline in rental utilization rates, sluggish economic growth outside the United States, and importantly, the mix of housing starts in the US skewing to multi-family homes, therefore reducing demand for earth moving equipment. As a result, Deere's Construction & Forestry sales are forecast to be down about 5% in 2016. Currency translation is forecast to be negative by about one point. Global forestry markets are expected to be down 5% to 10% from the strong levels we've experienced the last several years, primarily as a result of lower sales in the United States and Canada. C&Fs full year operating margins is projected to be about 8%. Let's move now to our financial services operations. Slide 16 shows the annualized provision for credit losses as a percentage of the average owned portfolio at the end of the year was 13 basis points. This reflects the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecast for 2016 contemplates a loss provision of about 19 basis points. Even so, losses would remain below the 10 year average of 26 basis points and well below the 15 year average of 39 basis points. Moving to slide 17, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $153 million in the fourth quarter versus $172 million last year. Lower results for the quarter were primarily due to the unfavorable effects of foreign currency exchange translation and higher losses on residual values, primarily for construction equipment operating leases. These factors were partially offset by lower selling, administrative and general expenses. 2015 net income attributable to Deere & Company was $633 million, an all-time record high for John Deere Financial. The 2016 forecast is about $550 million. The outlook reflects less favorable financing spreads and an increased provision for credit losses. Also remember that 2015 results benefited from a gain on the sale of our crop insurance business of about $30 million. Before we leave financial services, especially with all of the questions we've been getting over leasing. Let's take a closer look at the portfolio composition as shown on slide 18. At 31 October 2015, operating leases made up 13% of the portfolio, up two points compared to a year earlier. The vast majority of the impairment charge taken in the quarter was on a handful of construction equipment models. JDF has not been encouraging customers to utilize leases in general or short term leases specifically through pricing or residual values. Leasing, however, is becoming more attractive to many of our customers. That's because of an uncertain business environment, coupled with the lack of confidence and clarity in tax incentives. Meeting our customers financing preferences continues to be our top priority. We monitor the leasing portfolio daily, taking necessary actions to mitigate risk and expect to continue to see strength in our used equipment values. Slide 19 outlines receivables in inventories. For the company as a whole receivables and inventories ended the year down $619 million. We expect to end 2016 with total receivables in inventory down about $650 million. Our 2016 guidance for cost of sales as a percentage of net sales as shown on slide 20 is about 79%. When modeling 2016 keep these unfavorable impacts in mind. Tier 4 product costs, overhead spend and an unfavorable mix of product. On the favorable side we expect price realization of about two points, lower pension and OPEB expense and to a lesser extent favorable raw material costs. Now let's look at a few housekeeping items. With respect to R&D expense on slide 21, R&D was down 2% in the fourth quarter and full year, including about three points of negative currency translation in each period. Our 2016 forecast calls for R&D to be down about 3%. Moving now to slide 22. SA&G expense for equipment operations was down 17% in the fourth quarter with currency translation and incentive compensation accounting for about 12 points of the change. Our 2016 forecast shown on slide 23, contemplates SA&G expense being down about 1% with currency translation accounting for about two points of the change, so essentially flat in comparison to 2015. Turning to slide 24, pension and OPEB ex pen was up $20 million for the quarter and up $80 million for the full year. Pension and OPEB expense is forecast to be down about $200 million in 2016 due to the fact that we are adopting a change in the measurement of service and interest costs, known as the spot yield curve approach. On slide 25, the equipment operations tax rate was 14% in the quarter and 28% for the full year. The lower rate resulted mainly from a reduction of a valuation allowance recorded during the quarter due to a change in the expected realizable value of a deferred tax asset. For 2016, the projected effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34% to 36%. Slide 26 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations was approximately $3.1 billion in 2015 and is forecast to be about $2.6 billion in 2016. Slide 27 outlines our use of cash priorities which are unchanged and familiar to many of you. Our number one priority is to manage the balance sheet, including liquidity to support a rating that provides access to low cost and readily available short and long-term funding. Thus, Deere is firmly committed to its A rating. Our second use of cash priority is funding value creating investments in our operations, mostly relating to CapEx and R&D spending, but also acquisitions. Our third priority is to provide for the common stock dividend, which has been raised 114% since 2010. Over time, we want to consistently deliver a series of moderately increased dividends, while targeting at mid cycle earnings, a 25% to 35% payout ratio on average. In this regard, we are mindful of the importance of maintaining the dividend and not raising it beyond a point that can be sustained by our cash flow throughout the cycle. Share repurchase is are preferred method of deploying excess cash, once the previous requirements are met, so long as such repurchase is value enhancing. Since 2004 Deere has repurchased about 242 million shares, resulting in a net share reduction of 36%. Cumulatively from 2004 to 2015, we have returned about 65% of cash from the equipment operations to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. The 2016 outlook for the first quarter and full year is on slide 28. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be down about 11% compared with 2015. This includes about two points of price realization and about four points of unfavorable currency translation. The full year forecast calls for net sales to be down about 7%. Price realization and currency translation will offset one another with each expected to be about two points. Finally, our full year 2016 net income forecast is about $1.4 billion. I will now turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Raj Kalathur.
Raj Kalathur: Thanks, Susan. Thanks, everyone for participating in the call today. In closing, I'd like to summarize a few things, and also reiterate a few things that Susan mentioned about Deere's recent performance and the current Ag downturn. We have faced 2 years of lower equipment sales in 2014 and 2015. We are forecasting a third year of decline in 2016. Industry sales of large Ag equipment in North America have declined by more than 60% over this time, again its large Ag in North America industry, relative to the 2016 forecast, okay. This is 2013 to 2016 end. And in addition, all key Ag markets around the world and construction equipment markets in the Americas were down in 2015. Even with such a steep industry pullback, our businesses have remained solidly profitable, delivering respectable decremental margin of 30% in 2015. Now we also expect to be solidly profitable 2016 as well. Now we also expect to continue generating strong cash flow. Last year, Deere delivered third highest ever level of cash flow from operations and we are forecasting a very healthy level of cash flow of over $2.5 billion in 2016. Our actions and proactively controlling expenses, costs, and managing assets have enabled us to deliver substantially better results than in any of the past downturns, at the same time, I should stress that the trends that hold so much promise for John Deere's future. The ones we have told you about in the past, based on population growth, rise in living standards and increasing urbanization, they haven't gone away. They are still quite compelling in our view and have ample staying power. In fact, the demand for grain has continued to grow and the supply, demand balance is even closer now than last year. That's in spite of record production in some cases, corn as an example, recall that earlier this year, in the summer, corn prices shot up to $4.50 over worries about the weather in the US Corn Belt. All-in all then, we believe John Deere can continue to earn solid returns even in a weak farm economy, deliver financial performance, much improved over downturns in the past and longer term see substantial benefits from the world's growing need for advanced equipment and technology solutions.
Tony Huegel: Thank, Raj. Now we're ready to begin the Q & A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Carlos?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will be coming from the line of Mr. Tim Thein from Citigroup Global Markets Incorporated. Your line is now open.
Tim Thein:
Tony Huegel:
Tim Thein:
Raj Kalathur:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Steve Volkmann from Jefferies. Your line is now open, sir.
Steve Volkmann:
Tony Huegel:
Raj Kalathur:
Steve Volkmann:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Joe ODea from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open, sir.
Joe ODea:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Andy Casey:
Tony Huegel:
Andy Casey:
Tony Huegel:
Andy Casey:
Tony Huegel:
Andy Casey:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Jamie Cook:
Tony Huegel:
Jamie Cook:
Tony Huegel:
Jamie Cook:
Tony Huegel:
Jamie Cook:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Nicole DeBlase from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Nicole DeBlase:
Tony Huegel:
Nicole DeBlase:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Ms. Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ann Duignan:
Tony Huegel:
Ann Duignan:
Tony Huegel:
Ann Duignan:
Tony Huegel:
Ann Duignan:
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Ross Gilardi from Banc of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Ross Gilardi:
Tony Huegel:
Ross Gilardi:
Tony Huegel:
Ross Gilardi:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from the line of Mr. David Raso from Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Raso:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: We will be going and getting his line, sir. One moment please.
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Sure. Our next question will be coming from Mike Shlisky from Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open, sir.
Mike Shlisky:
Tony Huegel:
Mike Shlisky:
Tony Huegel:
Mike Shlisky:
Tony Huegel:
Mike Shlisky:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: The next question will be coming from David Raso from Evercore. Your line is open, sir.
David Raso:
Tony Huegel:
David Raso:
Tony Huegel:
David Raso:
Tony Huegel:
David Raso:
Tony Huegel:
David Raso:
Tony Huegel:
David Raso:
Tony Huegel:
David Raso:
Tony Huegel:
David Raso:
Tony Huegel:
David Raso:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Eli Lustgarten:
Tony Huegel:
Eli Lustgarten:
Tony Huegel:
Eli Lustgarten:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be coming from Steven Fisher from UBS. Your line is now open.
Steven Fisher:
Tony Huegel:
Steven Fisher:
Tony Huegel:
Steven Fisher:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from the line of Mr. Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Jerry Revich:
Tony Huegel:
Jerry Revich:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Vishal Shah from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Chad Dillard:
Tony Huegel:
Chad Dillard:
Tony Huegel:
Raj Kalathur:
Tony Huegel:
Chad Dillard:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Thank you. The next question will be coming from Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open, sir.
Tony Huegel:
Seth Weber:
Tony Huegel:
Seth Weber:
Tony Huegel:
Seth Weber:
Tony Huegel:
Seth Weber:
Tony Huegel:
Seth Weber:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Thank you. The last question will be coming from Mircea Dobre from Robert W. Baird & Company. Your line is now open.
Mircea Dobre:
Tony Huegel:
Mircea Dobre:
Tony Huegel:
Raj Kalathur:
Mircea Dobre:
Tony Huegel:
Mircea Dobre:
Tony Huegel:
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes todays conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-08-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager, Investor Communications Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Steven Fisher - UBS Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Tim Thein - Citigroup Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Securities Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Mike Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Company David Raso - Evercore ISI Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Joel Tiss - BMO Asset Management Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kwame Webb - Morningstar Larry De Maria - William Blair & Company
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Companys Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today, well take a closer look at Deeres third quarter earnings then spend some time talking about our markets and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Susan?
Susan Karlix: John Deere announced its third quarter earnings today. And in our view, it was a solid performance in light of the weak conditions in the global agricultural sector. Deeres results reflected the sound execution of our operating plans and the success of efforts to manage costs. Although results were lower than in the same quarter a year ago, all of our businesses remained solidly profitable. As a result the company continues to be well positioned to meet the needs of customers while funding its growth plans and returning cash to stockholders. Now, lets take a closer look at the third quarter in detail beginning on slide 3. Net sales and revenues were down 20% to $7.594 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $512 million. EPS was $1.53 in the quarter. On slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 22% to $6.8 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by two points. Currency translation was negative by six points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with Agriculture & Turf on slide 5. Net sales were down 24% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Lower sales were recorded in all regions of the world, but the decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes of large Ag equipment in the United States and Canada. Also hurting sales was the negative impact of foreign currency exchange. Operating profit was $472 million. The decrease in operating profit was primarily driven by lower shipment volume, a less favorable product mix and foreign exchange partially offset by price realization and lower production cost. The divisions decremental margin the quarter was 28%, quite respectable considering the decrease in large Ag sales. Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide 6 outlines U.S. farm cash receipts, our 2014 forecast calls for cash receipts of about $418 billion, up about 1% from 2013, and the highest level ever recorded. Given the record crop harvest of 2014 and consequently the lower commodity prices were seeing today, our 2015 forecast calls for cash receipts to be down about 7%. Looking ahead to next year, based on our expectation of - above trend-line yields for 2015 and declining livestock prices, our very early forecast calls for total cash receipts to be down slightly in 2016. On slide 7, global grain stocks-to-use ratios remain at somewhat sensitive levels, even after the abundant harvests of the past two years. Global grain and oilseed demand remains strong, while supplies are now fully adequate. Even so, unfavorable growing conditions in any key region of the world as well as unknown impacts from any geopolitical tensions could disrupt trade, lower production, reduce stocks-to-use ratio, and result in prices quickly moving higher. Our economic outlook for the EU 28 is on slide 8. Gradual economic growth continues in the region. While grain prices appear to be stabilizing at levels near the long-term average, the dairy sector remains under pressure. As a result, farm machinery demand in the EU region is expected to be lower for the year. I should mention, we are encouraged by some early indications that this market maybe in the early stages of recovery. On slide 9, youll see the economic fundamentals outlined for other targeted growth markets. In China, the governments continued investment in equipment subsidies and mechanizations are supportive of agriculture. However, the economic slowdown and lower commodity prices have led to a decrease in forecast industry sales. Turning to India, positive consumer and investors sentiment are encouraging economic growth. While the government continues to support agriculture, two consecutive below normal monsoon seasons are hurting the farm sector. In the CIS, continued deterioration of economic growth and further tightening of credit continue to weigh on equipment sales. Notably, western equipment manufacturers are being heavily affected by the weak Russian currency and geopolitical uncertainties. Shifting to Brazil, slide 10 illustrates the value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness. Ag production is expected to decrease about 11% for the year in U.S. dollar terms due to lower global commodity prices. However, with the weak real, the value of production is much more attractive in the local currency, up about 10% thats because Brazilian farmers sell their crops in dollars. Even with the recent drop in prices, Ag fundamentals remain positive for grains. Our early forecast calls for the value of production to be down slightly in 2016. Slide 11 illustrates eligible finance rates for Ag equipment in Brazil. The 2015/2016 Ag budget affirmed eligible finance rates for Ag equipment are 7.5% and 9%, through the end of June 2016 depending on a farmers revenues, with no change on the required down payment. So, rates have increased, they are not considerably higher than they were in 2011 which was a banner year for industry sales in Brazil. And they remain below current market rates of about 14%. Nonetheless, farmer confidence is lower as a result of these rising interest rates, economic uncertainty and political concerns, all of which are leading to lower equipment sales. Still, long term fundamentals for the Ag business in Brazil are solid. Our 2015 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 12. Lower commodity prices and falling farm incomes are continuing to pressure demand for farm equipment, especially larger models. At the same time, conditions in the livestock sector are more positive, providing support to sales of small and mid-sized tractors. We continue to expect industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down about 25% for 2015. The EU 28 industry outlook is down about 10%, unchanged from last quarter, due to lower crop prices and farm income, as well as pressure on the dairy sector. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are now projected to be down 20% to 25% in 2015, a reflection of the factors already discussed. Shifting to Asia, we now expect sales to be down moderately with most of the decline in India and China. In the CIS, we continue to expect industry sales to be down significantly, due to limited credit availability, the weak ruble and overall economic concerns. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2015, no change from our prior forecast. Putting this all together on slide 13, fiscal year 2015 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be down about 25%, including about five points of negative currency translation. Our forecast for the Ag & Turf divisions operating margin continues to be approximately 8%. Now lets focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 14. Net sales were down 13% in the quarter and operating profit was down 34% due to lower shipment volumes and the unfavorable effects of foreign currency. The divisions decremental margin was 29%. Moving to slide 15, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide. GDP growth is positive, unemployment is falling, construction hiring is on the increase, and housing starts are expected to exceed 1 million units this year. In spite of these encouraging economic indicators and positive dealer and customer sentiment, we are seeing weakening in our order books. Some contributing factors to the slowdown in demand are the conditions in the energy sector and energy producing regions, wet weather that slowed construction activities this spring and summer, the decline in rental utilization rates and sluggish economic growth outside the United States. As a result, Deeres Construction & Forestry sales are now forecast to be down about 5% in 2015. Currency translation is forecast to be negative by about three points. Global forestry markets are now expected to be flat to up 5% on the heels of a 10% increase in 2014, as gains in the U.S. and Europe are offset by declines in other regions of the world. C&Fs full year operating margin is now projected to be about 10%. Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 16, shows annualized provision for credit losses as a percentage of the average owned portfolio was 12 basis points at the end of July. This reflects the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecast for 2015 now contemplates a lot provision of about 13 basis points versus 9 basis points in 2014. The increase is a reflection of unsustainably low loss levels of the last four years. It remains well below the 10-year average of 26 basis points and the 15-year average of 43 points. Moving to slide 17, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $153 million in the third quarter versus $162 million last year. Lower results for the quarter were primarily due to less favorable financing spreads, partially offset by lower selling administrative and general expenses. The divisions forecast net income attributable to Deere & Company remains at about $630 million for the year. Slide 18 outlines receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $1.5 billion. Thats equal to 30.6% of prior 12-month sales compared with 29.8% a year ago. We expect to end the year with total receivables and inventories down about $350 million. With this decrease forecast to come entirely from Ag & Turf, the division will have reduced receivables and inventories by almost $2 billion over the last two years. At constant exchange rates, the two-year decline is about $1.4 billion. Our 2015 guidance for cost of sales as a percent of net sales, shown on slide 19, is about 78%, unchanged from last quarter. When modeling 2015, keep these factors in mind: price realizations of about one point; favorable raw material costs; an unfavorable mix of product and Tier 4 product costs. With respect to R&D expense on slide 20, R&D was down 4% in the third quarter, including four points of negative currency translation. So, essentially flat on a constant exchange basis. Our 2015 forecast now calls for R&D to be down about 2% for the full year, including about three points of negative currency translation. Moving now to slide 21, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down 7% in the third quarter, including five points of currency translation. Our 2015 forecast contemplates SA&G expense being down about 11% with landscapes, water, incentive compensation and currency accounting for about nine points of the change. Turning to slide 22, pension and OPEB expense was up $25 million in the quarter and is forecast to be up about $70 million in 2015. On slide 23, the equipment operations tax rate was 31% in the quarter. For the remainder of fiscal 2015, the projected effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34% to 36%. Slide 24 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $3.2 billion in 2015. The companys fourth quarter financial outlook is on slide 25. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be down about 24% compared with 2014. This includes about one point of price realization with unfavorable currency translation of about five points. Turning to slide 26 and the full-year outlook, the forecast now calls for net sales to be down about 21%. Price realization is expected to be positive by about one point with negative currency translation of about four points. Finally, our forecast now calls for net income attributable to Deere & Company to be about $1.8 billion for the full year. As a closing thought, John Deere is well on its way to another good year and doing so in the face of some pretty significant headwinds. Our performance highlights our success establishing a wider range of revenue sources and a more durable business model. As a result, the company is showing great resilience and discipline and performing much better than in previous farm downturns. Longer term, we believe our steady investment in new products and geographies will make Deere the provider of choice for a growing global customer base. Whats more, we believe the impact of these actions will become increasingly clear as the end-markets for our products start moving ahead. These are just some of the reasons we have confidence in the companys present course and in our ability to deliver significant value to customers and investors well into the future. Ill now turn the call back over to Tony.
Tony Huegel: Thanks Susan. Now were ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. Our operator David will instruct you on the polling procedure. But, in considerations of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. David?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question today will be from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning.
A - Tony Huegel: Hi Jamie.
Q - Jamie Cook: Hi, I guess two questions. One, Tony, could you or Susan or Raj speak to where you guys are relative to expectation with regards to inventory in the channel, thats a big concern in the market and how that sort of impacts2016? And whether the excess inventory rolls into 16? And then I guess my second question is if you could just give us some color on the order book, the early order book so far? Thanks.
A - Tony Huegel: In the spirit of one question, Ill go ahead and answer your first one and then well pick the second one up hopefully from someone else or Ill ask you to get back in the queue, okay.
Q - Jamie Cook: Okay.
A - Tony Huegel: So, as we think about inventory, and Ill split it between new and used inventory, and Im assuming, youre primarily looking at large Ag in the U.S. and Canada?
Q - Jamie Cook: Of course.
A - Tony Huegel: Okay. As you think about new inventory and I would say similar situation to what we talked about in the past, in the sense that we continue to have new inventory well below the competitors. We tend to have 50% or less as you look at inventory as a percent of sales and that continues to be the case. We continue to evaluate that of course as we go through the year and see various changes in the market. Used equipment continues to be a challenge. We are making good progress on used equipment. As you look at some of the factors from a large Ag perspective, were down about 10% year-over-year in July in terms of where were at with used inventory. Pricing is holding in okay, if you look at it kind of from a two-year average, we would be slightly below that. But believe we continue to maintain a healthy premium versus our competition. And again, we are making progress but its likely we would expect these efforts will continue into 2016, we continue to coordinate with our dealers to assist with the movement of the used equipment. But it is still especially on large tractors continues to be a challenge that were working on within the market.
Q - Jamie Cook: Okay, thanks. Ill get back in queue.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Your next question will be from Steven Fisher with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Steven Fisher: Great, thanks, good morning. So, I guess, Ill pick up on the second half of Jamies question on how early order programs are trending year-over-year and specifically if you could talk also about your approach to incentives year-over-year on the early order program?
A - Tony Huegel: One of the challenges that we do have in terms of comparison year-over-year is there are some timing differences in terms of when we have various phases of the early order programs. And the closing of the first phase is a bit different year-over-year. Now, having said that, so, I just want to make sure I have that clearly out front but directionally what were seeing is order activity on those early order programs are off year-over-year. And just to be clear, what were talking about is planters sprayers and tillage. A lot of people will have questions around combine early order programs Im guessing, but remember those just started up in early August. And candidly its just too early to make any type of conclusions related to where that program is. One of the challenges we do have also as you think about the spring seasonal early order programs, and where we would think that perhaps in this current environment where they may not be as close of a correlation to overall, or as good of an indicator of overall demand going into next year, is the fact that they do have a much higher level of stock component versus retail orders in those spring seasonal order programs. And again, given the dynamics in the market, there is candidly not as much pressure to put orders in at this particular point. And we really believe the combine early order program, as that continues to develop, will be a better indicator of actual demand. And again, I want to be clear, Im not trying to skirt the issue, certainly we are seeing in those early order programs, orders being off year-over-year which historically would indicate some additional weakening as you move into 2016.
Q - Steven Fisher: Can you say what degree of magnitude theyre off year-over-year?
A - Tony Huegel: Similar to last year we arent going to discuss the magnitude again, because and some of that goes back to the timing of the ending of the early order program. And it could give some misleading numbers both, more positive or more negative depending on the program in terms of when they actually close. So, but again, it is directionally down year-over-year. So we will go to the next.
Q - Steven Fisher: Thanks a lot.
A - Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you. Next question.
Operator: Next question is from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Adam Uhlman: Hi guys, good morning.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Adam Uhlman: Could you talk a little bit more about what youre seeing in Europe, you mentioned that youre seeing some early stage of recovery in that market, maybe talk to your orders on a year-over-year basis for the quarter, do you expect to hit positive sales anytime soon? What are you looking for to confirm that early stage of recovery? Thanks.
A - Tony Huegel: Sure. I think some of that, as you look at the general economy, were starting to see that. As you look, there are different confidence indicators that are available as well, and those are starting to trend more positive still  I want to be clear, I mean, theyre still in more negative territory but directionally moving the right direction in the sense of a more positive direction in terms of overall sentiment. And we are, and as you look at the forecast change, obviously for Ag & Turf we did bring the sales forecast down slightly but there was, there were couple markets that were a little weaker but some offsetting strength in Europe. So were seeing a little bit of improvement but as Susan pointed out, were seeing early indications of the possibility that youre going to start to see some turnaround there.
Q - Adam Uhlman: Okay, thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Great. Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Next question will be from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Jerry Revich: Hi, good morning.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Jerry Revich: Im wondering if you can talk about the decision not to cut production more aggressively in the fourth quarter in Construction & Forestry to reduce that channel inventory. It looks like youre still planning to build receivables and inventories by $375 million for the year? I guess Im wondering is that behind the lower margin guidance for 4Q, are you giving yourselves room to reduce the inventory and receivables or should we think that as first half 2016 event?
A - Tony Huegel: Remember, as you think about Construction & Forestry, and we talked about this earlier in the year because there was some question as to why ending receivables and inventory were up as much as they were versus the forecasted sales increase. And as you recall, there were some changes in 2015 related to wholesale terms which we believe was going to drive some higher level of receivables and that has been the case. So, thats part of whats driving that. Now, as you look at the underlying forecast for receivables and inventory, it looks like there was just a slight reduction. Actually, whats underlying there is more of a reduction in receivables, so field inventory with some offsetting increase in inventory so Deere company-owned inventories. And again, some of that have to do with final Tier 4 transitions, and plans along that way, as well as recognizing this has been a pretty rapid change in the business environment. There was about seven-point change in our sales outlook. Im sorry, apparently I said a decrease in receivables, there is an increase in receivables, no, no, a decrease in the forecasted receivables, in the level of forecast. So, again, were still - just to be clear, were still forecasting an increase in receivables but its less of an increase versus our prior guidance. And inventory is a little higher than in our prior guidance. And again, a combination of final Tier 4 and as well as just the rapid change in that business environment from an inventory perspective.
Q - Jerry Revich: I guess, Tony, part of the question there, are you planning to adjust that in 4Q or is that an early 16, you mentioned the quick change in the business environment. Just can you clarify?
A - Tony Huegel: We would always be evaluating as we move forward, and this would be true not just for C&F, this would be true for Ag & Turf as well. We are always evaluating business environment and what we feel we need from an inventory or receivables. So, whether its a company owned inventory or a field inventory level. And what I can tell you is we will make those changes as quickly as we can. And I think fourth quarter last year is a good example of our ability to make those changes very rapidly, if we see the environment changing and necessitating that, so.
Q - Jerry Revich: Thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Tim Thein of Citigroup. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Tim Thein: Thank you, and good morning.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Tim Thein: Just one question is on pricing and the change albeit probably modest when you break the numbers down. But the overall change in pricing for this year, just curious if you can comment directionally if one of the two segments was a bigger contributor to that? I guess, on Ag Tony, youve called out the risk on Ag since late or early calendar year, early part of the calendar year. So, Im just curious if thats the change or in light of what you just mentioned in terms of the steep drop-off in construction. Just where the delta if any has been greater between the two segments? Thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Sure. Certainly if you look at our guidance for the year, last quarter we were at 2 points for fiscal year 15 and our current guidance is one point. Ill start with recognizing that both last quarter and this quarter there is some fair amount of rounding to get to that whole number. So weve been fluctuating candidly right around 1.5 points. And we just happen, the last quarter it rounded up and this quarter rounds down. Now, so there hasnt been a substantial change in the pricing environment since last quarter. And I would say its a little bit of both. Certainly I wouldnt point all to Ag & Turf I mean Construction & Forestry continues to be a challenging environment. We have competitors in the marketplace who are very aggressive on pricing right now. And that hasnt changed. And if anything has potentially gotten a bit stronger over the year. And so, it is a little bit of a decrease in terms of price realization really coming from both. Okay, and with that well go to next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning guys.
A - Tony Huegel: Hi Ann.
Q - Ann Duignan: And my question is around your outlook for U.S. farm cash receipts, Tony there is one thing that JPMorgan and Deere have always agreed on and thats the very strong correlation between cash receipts and equipment sales. So, in an environment where youre forecasting a decline in 2016 cash receipts, if that holds up and I realize that its a forecast, then isnt it inconceivable that you would be able to forecast an increase in equipment sales at this point?
A - Tony Huegel: Couple of things there. First of all, keep in mind as you think about cash receipts and I think we would agree on this as well, its not necessarily one-for-one in the sense of 2016 cash receipts driving 2016 sales. Remember its a combination of both current year and prior year. So, as you look at while its relatively flat from 15 to 16, when you look at the 2014/2015 combination that drove last years sales, and the 2015/2016 cash receipts looking in into next year, youd have to argue that it would be down even more than what just the single year-over-year implications would be. What I would tell you is, at this point given that outlook in cash receipts, given what were seeing and in the very early stages of our early order programs it is likely that you would see some reduction, further reduction in large Ag sales retail sales next year.
Q - Ann Duignan: Okay. That was my question. Thank you, Tony.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Andy Casey: Thanks. Good morning everybody.
A - Tony Huegel: Hi Andy.
Q - Andy Casey: Im just trying to bridge the operating profit elements, tax and credit guidance for 15 to the $1.8 billion net income guidance. Is there any sizeable change in other income or interest expense thats going to pull down the net income?
A - Tony Huegel: Keep in mind, and again, I hate using this explanation. But do remember that our operating profit outlook forecast for both Ag & Turf and C&F are rounded numbers. And so, it can drive some differences as you come down to operating profit. I wouldnt cite anything on any of those factors that you just pointed out that would be a significant change for the year. Obviously on the tax rate, we are as normal. We continue to assume no discreet items and tax rate being in that 34% to 36% range. Weve had some positive discreet items through the year that have pulled the year-to-date rate down. But wed use that 34% to 36% for the forward-looking period but outside of that nothing really noteworthy that I could point to.
Q - Andy Casey: Okay, thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Mike Shlisky of Global Hunter Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Mike Shlisky: Good morning guys.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Mike Shlisky: Last quarter you said in the call that summer weather the crus of the growth story going forward. And if the weather cooperates and yields are above trend-line, it would be challenging to see improvement anywhere around the globe in 2016. But here we are, and it does look in fact like yields will be above trend-lines. So, Id kind of ask you to follow-up on last quarter, I guess, do you still stand by your statement, and therefore, is the general direction down for 2016 in all regions of the world?
A - Tony Huegel: I would - certainly I would say that I would be a little careful to extrapolate what happens in the U.S. drives global markets. So you would really have to look at that statement would be true if you look at production on a global basis being positive than on a global basis there would be certainly some challenges to see some increases. And as you look, you see some varying weather patterns but not of any kind of significant factor in that regard. Again, as we look into next year, well we dont have of course any guidance until next quarter, we are starting to see some positive signs coming from Europe in that regard that certainly as you look at other parts of the world, well see what happens with the growing conditions in Brazil as we move forward. Theyre heading towards planting season now and well see what factors might be driven there. Keep in mind as we go into 2016, we did have some favorable weather conditions, El Nino actually strengthened through the summer. And that certainly bodes well normally for U.S. market or growing areas. But keep in mind that can have some more negative and dry impact on other parts of the world. So, as you think about weather, there are a number of regions of the world that we would point to on a watch-list if you will of what impact El Nino may have, when you think about Southeast Asia, India, Australia, even Brazil and Argentina, quite often that can drive some very wet spring summer type of weather, which a little bit of extra moisture is good in some cases, but if its excessive obviously that can have some negative ramifications as well. So, well see how things develop as we move forward for the rest of the world. But certainly we did have a very good summer here in the U.S. from a weather perspective at least in aggregate. And youre seeing that reflected in the guidance or the outlook for yields.
A - Raj Kalathur: Hi Mike, this is Raj. Let me add that broader picture, the weather has been good so far and production for grains on a global basis are likely to be good. Now, the other side of the equation, demand has grown as well, and thats always been what we are saying, if you take since the mid-90s the demand for grains have grown consistently and its grown very nicely this year as well. So, the demand-supply equilibrium is still pretty tight. You again see like June/July type conditions where, if there is excess rain or assumptions of any shortfall in weather conditions and the prices just vary quickly. So, again, the demand side is also very healthy.
Q - Mike Shlisky: Great point. Thanks.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Eli Lustgarten with Longbow Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Eli Lustgarten: Good morning, everyone.
A - Tony Huegel: Hi Eli.
Q - Eli Lustgarten: Pardon my voice. Can we get some comment, as you look at the fourth quarter and actually on decrementals in the quarter for the fourth quarter, is there anything happening that will alter this, the kind of decremental we saw in the third quarter into the fourth quarter, are we seeing the same levels? And the second part of it is, production being held up and inventory built because of the Labor Contract on October 1 that youre maybe developing a little bit of a strike an edge inventory being for yourself?
A - Tony Huegel: As you think about fourth quarter and decrementals, implied within the forecast if you look at sequentially from third quarter to fourth quarter you would see some higher decrementals. So it would be around 32% for equipment ops is roughly, whats implied there. But keep in mind you also have a fourth quarter where were forecasting the largest reduction in terms of year-over-year sales on a percentage basis at that 24% reduction. And so, the next closest quarter would have been first quarter where our decrementals were 35%. So, again I would argue sequentially would be a little higher decremental but still very good performance and especially relative to what we in the first quarter, would be very very strong. There was a hint at the UAW contract well begin negotiations later this month to officially kick those off. Beyond that as agreed on with UAW we really just have no comments related to that. And well have to leave that there. So, well move on to the next caller.
Q - Eli Lustgarten: Thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you.
Operator: Next question will be Mig Dobre with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Mig Dobre: Good morning everyone. I think Im going to stick with the same line of thinking as Eli here. And obviously, you guys have done a great job in terms of decrementals and in A&T considering the headwinds that youre dealing with. But Im wondering here, can you hold these levels of decrementals in to 2016 given that were probably talking about yet another decline. Im wondering if there is more left on variable cost that you can do or are we getting to the point that were talking about something that requires larger restructuring, more permanent cost take-out if you would?
A - Raj Kalathur: Okay Mig, this is Raj. Let me take that. Now, youre asking kind of hypothetical question. For 2016, now dont take this answer as indicating any forecast for 2016, right. So the answer depends on the mix of products, the level of softness were going to see or level of upside we might see in 2016 and several other factors. Now, if we assume all of the factors stay the same and say demand for all product lines are down by 10% from the 2015 forecasted levels, we should be able to deliver less than 40% decremental margins like we did this year. And remember, our units prepare not only for the forecasted scenario but also for downside and upside scenarios. And we expect to manage assets and costs with discipline as always to deliver at least 12% operating, return on operating assets at about 80% of mid-cycle. And at the enterprise level, we have plans in place for 2016 SA&G, R&D and on the cash side capital expenditures. And if we are able to execute with discipline to our plans as we normally have, we should deliver decent decremental or incremental margins depending on the scenario we face.
Q - Mig Dobre: Thats helpful. Thank you, Raj.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from David Raso of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - David Raso: Thank you. I apologize in advance for making this a math question, but guys, Im sorry I need to understand this because obviously the fourth quarter is going to influence how people think about 16. I know you mentioned rounding Tony but I heard you correctly, C&F margins for the full year 10%, Ag & Turf 8%, thats just a clarification, correct me if Im wrong.
A - Tony Huegel: Thats correct, yes.
Q - David Raso: If thats the case, youre implying the Construction & Forestry margins in fourth quarter to go up from 8.4% this quarter to 10.3%. Youre implying the segment profits to be at a level that does not collaborates a net income number to get the full-year to $1.8 billion, I mean, its literally like $0.30 of EPS off, its a difference between $0.65 implied to the fourth quarter versus roughly $0.95. So, I apologize but if you can please just for modeling here for the whole street going forward, can you help us understand thats not rounding? If you stick with your Ag, and you go well, that the wiggles in Construction, its the difference between saying C&F margins are 10% in the fourth quarter or break-even. So, please just indulge us, walk us through what are you really implying about segment margins for the fourth quarter or are you maybe sandbagging the net income implied to the fourth quarter. Just the math, it just doesnt make sense?
A - Tony Huegel: Im not following necessarily your math on, especially on C&F.
Q - David Raso: Tony, the math, am I wrong youre saying sales for the year at $6.252 billion right, thats 5% down, 10% margins are $625 million, thats a full year EBIT, we only have $464 million year-to-date, so you need profits of $161 million in the fourth quarter to get your full-year C&F. And on these revenues thats a 10.3% margin for the fourth quarter its, just the math?
A - Tony Huegel: If you do a full 10% and if that 10% was exactly 10.0%, I would agree with you. But as I said before, remember, when we say 10% thats anywhere from 9.5% to 10.4% round to
Q - David Raso: I dont mean to make this a math question, but the fourth quarter margin on C&F, even if you get anywhere near that rounding issue, its implying a segment EBIT for the whole company well above what youre implying net income to be to the fourth quarter, I mean, its a positive story, maybe it is cushion in the net income number and you think the segments do these numbers, and thats great. So, Im not making a bullish or bearish comment here, Im just trying to make sure I understand that math doesnt make sense, it could wildly swing the C&F margin for the fourth quarter and thus influence peoples thoughts on how they model C&F into 16? And if need to take it offline thats fine, but this is not rounding?
A - Tony Huegel: We will have to take it offline, but remember again as I said, this is both the margins are rounded. And so, again, just like we had with pricing there are times when youre rounding it can be more aggressive than other times. So you have to take that into consideration as youre trying to reconcile down to where we are with our net income number. And so, beyond that there is really not much more I can say. When we follow-up later, we can certainly discuss this a bit more.
Q - David Raso: I appreciate it. And again, I apologize for the math. I just wanted to clarify. So thank you. Well talk later.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Vishal Shah of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Vishal Shah: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. Tony, can you maybe comment on the extent of over capacity that you think is coming out of your oil patch and how long it will take to get some of that capacity to be absorbed and the headwinds to overcome? Thank you.  
A - Raj Kalathur: C&F. Energy Sector.  
A  Tony Huegel: I think from our perspective, our dealers tend to react pretty quickly when they see some of those changes in terms of their end demand. We are hearing, and again, as Susan pointed out in her comments, when you think about C&F, there is little bit of dichotomy because you talk to our contractors, our dealers, the sentiment is generally - fairly positive especially outside of those energy impacted areas. The underlying fundamentals that we would normally point to are actually fairly positive year-over-year. Were just seeing a softness in orders. And certainly in energy is weaker year-over-year. Youre hearing some, there is commentary about some of the independent rental companies for example shifting inventory out of those areas that are more energy dependent into the rest of the country. And that is in fairly large sizes, some large auctions and in places like Western Canada, in more recent months, so those sorts of things can have some impact. So, again, well see as we move forward where this market ends up going. But both in current year as well as you look out into 2016, most of the indications from a general economic perspective would be relatively positive. But again, as I started to say, our dealers respond quickly with our order fulfillment process and the ability for them to replenish equipment very rapidly. They tend to when there is uncertainty, they tend to pull-back quickly and adjust their inventories very rapidly which is exactly what we would hope to see. And thats really what weve seen in the quarter as well as is those dealers making those adjustments quickly. And with that, well go ahead with the next caller.
Operator: Next question is from Nicole DeBlase with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks good morning guys.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: I dont know whats going to happen, but Im going to try to ask this in a really simple way. So, pricing you guys are now seeing 1% growth for the full year, my math suggests that that implies negative pricing in the fourth quarter, can you just confirm if you think pricing goes negative in 4Q or if its just decelerating from what weve seen in 2Q and 3Q?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes, our forecast would not be negative in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind as you think about that as I mentioned earlier, remember there is rounding in that number. So, even within some of the other prior quarters, third quarter for example, we were actually running much closely to that 1.5 points versus, even in our prior forecast when you saw the 2 points we were rounding up to that 2 points. Now were rounding down to 1 point. And so, the implied change from last quarter to this quarter isnt a full point.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: Okay. That makes total sense, thanks for clarifying.
A - Tony Huegel: And just to clarify, both divisions while we dont talk about details by division, both divisions are forecasting positive price in the fourth quarter.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: Okay, thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Joel Tiss with BMO Asset Management. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Joel Tiss: Hi, I just have one for Raj. I just wondered if you can talk to us why the free cash flow seemed so weak in the quarter or for the year-to-date given how much inventories are coming down?
A - Raj Kalathur: So, Im not sure why youre saying its weaker. The previous forecast for cash flow from operations was $3.4 billion, the current is about $3.2 billion, but $100 million should be explained by our net income in our guidance reduction from $1.9 billion to $1.8 billion, and the rest of that is essentially working capital. By the way the $3.2 billion, as we actually achieve would be I think the third best in recent history if not the third best ever.
Q - Joel Tiss: My question was about free cash flow though not operating and year-to-date its about $800 million down from $1.5 billion last year. And so, with almost $1 billion of inventory coming out year-to-date I wondered why it looks like its a lot lower than just the inventory reduction?
A - Raj Kalathur: I think we look at operating cash flow, if you look at - if you reduce the capital, the capital expenditures are actually, our forecast for capital expenditures, last quarter to this quarter has actually come down. So, I still am not adding up what youre adding up yet, so.
Q - Joel Tiss: Okay, all right.
A - Tony Huegel: We can take that offline too and talk about a little bit more detail, but yes, actually again, I think as you look for the year, were certainly continuing to forecast we think very strong cash flow, down a little bit as receivables and inventory adjusted in the quarter versus prior guidance, is that adjusted in the quarter but still very healthy level of cash flow. Okay, next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Seth Weber: Hi, good morning everybody.
A - Tony Huegel: Hello.
Q - Seth Weber: Hello, hi, can you hear me?
A - Tony Huegel: I can.
Q - Seth Weber: Great, thanks. So, the decremental margins in the Construction business, Construction & Forestry about 29%, it looks like youre forecasting something around 30% for the fourth quarter. If revenues are down next year, is the 30% decremental the right way to think about Construction & Forestry for next year? And maybe can you comment on mix that youre seeing there?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes, I think normally we would be, some of that can be mix driven to your point. And I think as you think about that decremental, especially in the third quarter and again in the fourth quarter, keeping in mind some of that is caused by the rapid change in the environment. So, as you think about pulling some of the levers we would pull, those sorts of things, there are lead times on that. So, if we would continue to see negative sales going into 2016, certainly that division would be looking at ways to improve the decremental sounds like an odd way to say it, but to see lower levels of decrementals.
Q - Seth Weber: Lower, relative to the 30%?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes.
Q - Seth Weber: Okay, thank you very much.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Ross Gilardi: Hi, good morning everybody.
A - Tony Huegel: Hi Ross.
Q - Ross Gilardi: I guess, I just want to ask you quickly about South America, and youve taken your outlook down for Ag again. But I mean, the data thats come out year-to-date still feels like a lot worse than that outlook. So, what are you seeing there, I mean, is the data overall in both Ag and Construction in Brazil just feel terrible. And I know Deeres obviously bullish on the long-term. But any signs of stability at all, why down only 20% to 25%?
A - Tony Huegel: Well, first of all, I would keep one thing to keep in mind is as youre looking at year-to-date data out of Brazil, thats a calendar basis. And we would be looking at a fiscal basis, so we still have within our outlook for fiscal 2015 we still have November/December of last year where those FINAME rates were still at very low levels relative to where they are today. And so I think that maybe some of the change in terms of what our outlook is versus maybe what youre seeing in the calendar year-to-date numbers.
Q - Ross Gilardi: Okay. Just can you comment at all? It was all, meant to be kind of wrapped up in one question, just your thoughts on stabilization at all there? It just doesnt feel like the data  it feel like the data is still in the process of getting worse not better?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes, I think its FINAME financing I would argue has created some stabilization with the announcement earlier this year of rates really through next June of 2016. The funding seems to be appropriate, so they didnt increase it from where rates went to in April of this year. And so, there is some stability there of course, there is always risk that that can change. And again, the funding that was announced is, we believe at a very appropriate level for the business, so thats one positive aspect. But I think FX creates certainly uncertainty in the environment, farmers there have benefited from the weakening of the real in this year as they sell their crops in U.S. dollars and they convert that back. Its actually kept their cash receipts and margins pretty favorable. But there is always the risk of when does that change and move back the other direction. So, there is uncertainty there. And more importantly just around the general economy and that doesnt seem to be seeing much stabilization at this point. Id argue thats probably the biggest risk as we move next year.
Q - Ross Gilardi: Got it, thanks Tony.
A - Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Kwame Webb with Morningstar. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Kwame Webb: Good morning everyone.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Kwame Webb: So, maybe just a little bit of a longer-term question, I know you guys have been doing a lot on the Telematics front, recent acquisition in Brazil. Can you just kind of talk about what are the product development priorities there? And then just any commentary on what if renewal rates been for products like JDLink once customers get beyond the trial period?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes, at this point we really havent talked about any kind of renewal rate publicly and that sort of thing but clearly as weve talked about longer term from intelligence in machinery thats a key focus that we continue to have especially around machine and job optimization functions. From an R&D perspective I think weve talked about as well, certainly increasing the amount that were spending in that area today. What we spend on intelligence would be comparable to the type of R&D we would have on things like large tractors or combines. So its certainly right up in parity. With that and again just reflects the importance that we see of intelligence as we move forward. And we think we have a great opportunity to continue to provide efficiency to our customers through intelligence and believe that will be a way that we continue to differentiate as we move forward.
Q - Kwame Webb: Just, if you arent willing to give like a hard number, maybe just some commentary on whether its trended, renewal rates have been in-line, below or better than expectations?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes, thats just not something weve commented on publicly. So were going to have to move on to the final call. We have time for one more call. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question will be from Larry De Maria with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Larry De Maria: Hi, thanks, hi Tony. I guess, not to go back and harp on the book order but if theyre similar to last year, obviously that implies down double-digit, which means that large Ag probably is down like you said. I think you would hope for a flat demand next year and have inventory in shape, which would give you positive delta for next year. So, Im just wondering where we stand now, do you think Deere and field inventory can get into relatively decent shape at year-end? And then therefore what kind of order of magnitude if not do we need in production cuts into next year do you think to kind of right-size things?
A - Tony Huegel: Right. First of all I want to be clear we did not have guidance on 2016. I think a lot of people implied some of our commentary to assume we were looking at flat for 2016. We were using that as an example, just like Raj earlier mentioned if it were down 10% what would our decremental margins be, I want to be clear we are not trying to signal down 10% for next year on all product lines, thats just an example. And we similarly use that really to reflect the fact that as we under-produce this year, you dont need an increase in end-markets, retail sales to necessarily see an increase in Deere sales. But clearly as you look at the early order programs, I want to be clear there as well. Were down year-over-year were not talking about seeing the type of magnitude of decrease that we saw last year but certainly down directionally is what were seeing in those early order programs at this point. So, in that regard we certainly have under-produced this year from a new inventory perspective. Certainly we feel like, our inventories will be in good shape. But as I mentioned earlier in the call, we will have some additional challenges to work through next year on used equipment especially as it relates to large tractors. Beyond that there is not much more I can really say about 2016.
End of Q&A:
Tony Huegel: So, we appreciate your call. But were going to have to wrap up. Again, thank you for your participation. And we look forward to the call backs as we go through the rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation. All parties may disconnect at this time.Deere & Company (DE) Q3 2015 Earnings Conference Call August 21, 2015 10:00 AM ET
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager, Investor Communications Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Steven Fisher - UBS Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Company Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Tim Thein - Citigroup Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Securities Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Mike Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Company David Raso - Evercore ISI Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Joel Tiss - BMO Asset Management Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kwame Webb - Morningstar Larry De Maria - William Blair & Company
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Companys Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today, well take a closer look at Deeres third quarter earnings then spend some time talking about our markets and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Susan?
Susan Karlix: John Deere announced its third quarter earnings today. And in our view, it was a solid performance in light of the weak conditions in the global agricultural sector. Deeres results reflected the sound execution of our operating plans and the success of efforts to manage costs. Although results were lower than in the same quarter a year ago, all of our businesses remained solidly profitable. As a result the company continues to be well positioned to meet the needs of customers while funding its growth plans and returning cash to stockholders. Now, lets take a closer look at the third quarter in detail beginning on slide 3. Net sales and revenues were down 20% to $7.594 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $512 million. EPS was $1.53 in the quarter. On slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 22% to $6.8 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by two points. Currency translation was negative by six points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with Agriculture & Turf on slide 5. Net sales were down 24% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Lower sales were recorded in all regions of the world, but the decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes of large Ag equipment in the United States and Canada. Also hurting sales was the negative impact of foreign currency exchange. Operating profit was $472 million. The decrease in operating profit was primarily driven by lower shipment volume, a less favorable product mix and foreign exchange partially offset by price realization and lower production cost. The divisions decremental margin the quarter was 28%, quite respectable considering the decrease in large Ag sales. Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide 6 outlines U.S. farm cash receipts, our 2014 forecast calls for cash receipts of about $418 billion, up about 1% from 2013, and the highest level ever recorded. Given the record crop harvest of 2014 and consequently the lower commodity prices were seeing today, our 2015 forecast calls for cash receipts to be down about 7%. Looking ahead to next year, based on our expectation of - above trend-line yields for 2015 and declining livestock prices, our very early forecast calls for total cash receipts to be down slightly in 2016. On slide 7, global grain stocks-to-use ratios remain at somewhat sensitive levels, even after the abundant harvests of the past two years. Global grain and oilseed demand remains strong, while supplies are now fully adequate. Even so, unfavorable growing conditions in any key region of the world as well as unknown impacts from any geopolitical tensions could disrupt trade, lower production, reduce stocks-to-use ratio, and result in prices quickly moving higher. Our economic outlook for the EU 28 is on slide 8. Gradual economic growth continues in the region. While grain prices appear to be stabilizing at levels near the long-term average, the dairy sector remains under pressure. As a result, farm machinery demand in the EU region is expected to be lower for the year. I should mention, we are encouraged by some early indications that this market maybe in the early stages of recovery. On slide 9, youll see the economic fundamentals outlined for other targeted growth markets. In China, the governments continued investment in equipment subsidies and mechanizations are supportive of agriculture. However, the economic slowdown and lower commodity prices have led to a decrease in forecast industry sales. Turning to India, positive consumer and investors sentiment are encouraging economic growth. While the government continues to support agriculture, two consecutive below normal monsoon seasons are hurting the farm sector. In the CIS, continued deterioration of economic growth and further tightening of credit continue to weigh on equipment sales. Notably, western equipment manufacturers are being heavily affected by the weak Russian currency and geopolitical uncertainties. Shifting to Brazil, slide 10 illustrates the value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness. Ag production is expected to decrease about 11% for the year in U.S. dollar terms due to lower global commodity prices. However, with the weak real, the value of production is much more attractive in the local currency, up about 10% thats because Brazilian farmers sell their crops in dollars. Even with the recent drop in prices, Ag fundamentals remain positive for grains. Our early forecast calls for the value of production to be down slightly in 2016. Slide 11 illustrates eligible finance rates for Ag equipment in Brazil. The 2015/2016 Ag budget affirmed eligible finance rates for Ag equipment are 7.5% and 9%, through the end of June 2016 depending on a farmers revenues, with no change on the required down payment. So, rates have increased, they are not considerably higher than they were in 2011 which was a banner year for industry sales in Brazil. And they remain below current market rates of about 14%. Nonetheless, farmer confidence is lower as a result of these rising interest rates, economic uncertainty and political concerns, all of which are leading to lower equipment sales. Still, long term fundamentals for the Ag business in Brazil are solid. Our 2015 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 12. Lower commodity prices and falling farm incomes are continuing to pressure demand for farm equipment, especially larger models. At the same time, conditions in the livestock sector are more positive, providing support to sales of small and mid-sized tractors. We continue to expect industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down about 25% for 2015. The EU 28 industry outlook is down about 10%, unchanged from last quarter, due to lower crop prices and farm income, as well as pressure on the dairy sector. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are now projected to be down 20% to 25% in 2015, a reflection of the factors already discussed. Shifting to Asia, we now expect sales to be down moderately with most of the decline in India and China. In the CIS, we continue to expect industry sales to be down significantly, due to limited credit availability, the weak ruble and overall economic concerns. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2015, no change from our prior forecast. Putting this all together on slide 13, fiscal year 2015 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be down about 25%, including about five points of negative currency translation. Our forecast for the Ag & Turf divisions operating margin continues to be approximately 8%. Now lets focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 14. Net sales were down 13% in the quarter and operating profit was down 34% due to lower shipment volumes and the unfavorable effects of foreign currency. The divisions decremental margin was 29%. Moving to slide 15, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide. GDP growth is positive, unemployment is falling, construction hiring is on the increase, and housing starts are expected to exceed 1 million units this year. In spite of these encouraging economic indicators and positive dealer and customer sentiment, we are seeing weakening in our order books. Some contributing factors to the slowdown in demand are the conditions in the energy sector and energy producing regions, wet weather that slowed construction activities this spring and summer, the decline in rental utilization rates and sluggish economic growth outside the United States. As a result, Deeres Construction & Forestry sales are now forecast to be down about 5% in 2015. Currency translation is forecast to be negative by about three points. Global forestry markets are now expected to be flat to up 5% on the heels of a 10% increase in 2014, as gains in the U.S. and Europe are offset by declines in other regions of the world. C&Fs full year operating margin is now projected to be about 10%. Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 16, shows annualized provision for credit losses as a percentage of the average owned portfolio was 12 basis points at the end of July. This reflects the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecast for 2015 now contemplates a lot provision of about 13 basis points versus 9 basis points in 2014. The increase is a reflection of unsustainably low loss levels of the last four years. It remains well below the 10-year average of 26 basis points and the 15-year average of 43 points. Moving to slide 17, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $153 million in the third quarter versus $162 million last year. Lower results for the quarter were primarily due to less favorable financing spreads, partially offset by lower selling administrative and general expenses. The divisions forecast net income attributable to Deere & Company remains at about $630 million for the year. Slide 18 outlines receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $1.5 billion. Thats equal to 30.6% of prior 12-month sales compared with 29.8% a year ago. We expect to end the year with total receivables and inventories down about $350 million. With this decrease forecast to come entirely from Ag & Turf, the division will have reduced receivables and inventories by almost $2 billion over the last two years. At constant exchange rates, the two-year decline is about $1.4 billion. Our 2015 guidance for cost of sales as a percent of net sales, shown on slide 19, is about 78%, unchanged from last quarter. When modeling 2015, keep these factors in mind: price realizations of about one point; favorable raw material costs; an unfavorable mix of product and Tier 4 product costs. With respect to R&D expense on slide 20, R&D was down 4% in the third quarter, including four points of negative currency translation. So, essentially flat on a constant exchange basis. Our 2015 forecast now calls for R&D to be down about 2% for the full year, including about three points of negative currency translation. Moving now to slide 21, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down 7% in the third quarter, including five points of currency translation. Our 2015 forecast contemplates SA&G expense being down about 11% with landscapes, water, incentive compensation and currency accounting for about nine points of the change. Turning to slide 22, pension and OPEB expense was up $25 million in the quarter and is forecast to be up about $70 million in 2015. On slide 23, the equipment operations tax rate was 31% in the quarter. For the remainder of fiscal 2015, the projected effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34% to 36%. Slide 24 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $3.2 billion in 2015. The companys fourth quarter financial outlook is on slide 25. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be down about 24% compared with 2014. This includes about one point of price realization with unfavorable currency translation of about five points. Turning to slide 26 and the full-year outlook, the forecast now calls for net sales to be down about 21%. Price realization is expected to be positive by about one point with negative currency translation of about four points. Finally, our forecast now calls for net income attributable to Deere & Company to be about $1.8 billion for the full year. As a closing thought, John Deere is well on its way to another good year and doing so in the face of some pretty significant headwinds. Our performance highlights our success establishing a wider range of revenue sources and a more durable business model. As a result, the company is showing great resilience and discipline and performing much better than in previous farm downturns. Longer term, we believe our steady investment in new products and geographies will make Deere the provider of choice for a growing global customer base. Whats more, we believe the impact of these actions will become increasingly clear as the end-markets for our products start moving ahead. These are just some of the reasons we have confidence in the companys present course and in our ability to deliver significant value to customers and investors well into the future. Ill now turn the call back over to Tony.
Tony Huegel: Thanks Susan. Now were ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. Our operator David will instruct you on the polling procedure. But, in considerations of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. David?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question today will be from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Jamie Cook: Hi, good morning.
A - Tony Huegel: Hi Jamie.
Q - Jamie Cook: Hi, I guess two questions. One, Tony, could you or Susan or Raj speak to where you guys are relative to expectation with regards to inventory in the channel, thats a big concern in the market and how that sort of impacts2016? And whether the excess inventory rolls into 16? And then I guess my second question is if you could just give us some color on the order book, the early order book so far? Thanks.
A - Tony Huegel: In the spirit of one question, Ill go ahead and answer your first one and then well pick the second one up hopefully from someone else or Ill ask you to get back in the queue, okay.
Q - Jamie Cook: Okay.
A - Tony Huegel: So, as we think about inventory, and Ill split it between new and used inventory, and Im assuming, youre primarily looking at large Ag in the U.S. and Canada?
Q - Jamie Cook: Of course.
A - Tony Huegel: Okay. As you think about new inventory and I would say similar situation to what we talked about in the past, in the sense that we continue to have new inventory well below the competitors. We tend to have 50% or less as you look at inventory as a percent of sales and that continues to be the case. We continue to evaluate that of course as we go through the year and see various changes in the market. Used equipment continues to be a challenge. We are making good progress on used equipment. As you look at some of the factors from a large Ag perspective, were down about 10% year-over-year in July in terms of where were at with used inventory. Pricing is holding in okay, if you look at it kind of from a two-year average, we would be slightly below that. But believe we continue to maintain a healthy premium versus our competition. And again, we are making progress but its likely we would expect these efforts will continue into 2016, we continue to coordinate with our dealers to assist with the movement of the used equipment. But it is still especially on large tractors continues to be a challenge that were working on within the market.
Q - Jamie Cook: Okay, thanks. Ill get back in queue.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Your next question will be from Steven Fisher with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Steven Fisher: Great, thanks, good morning. So, I guess, Ill pick up on the second half of Jamies question on how early order programs are trending year-over-year and specifically if you could talk also about your approach to incentives year-over-year on the early order program?
A - Tony Huegel: One of the challenges that we do have in terms of comparison year-over-year is there are some timing differences in terms of when we have various phases of the early order programs. And the closing of the first phase is a bit different year-over-year. Now, having said that, so, I just want to make sure I have that clearly out front but directionally what were seeing is order activity on those early order programs are off year-over-year. And just to be clear, what were talking about is planters sprayers and tillage. A lot of people will have questions around combine early order programs Im guessing, but remember those just started up in early August. And candidly its just too early to make any type of conclusions related to where that program is. One of the challenges we do have also as you think about the spring seasonal early order programs, and where we would think that perhaps in this current environment where they may not be as close of a correlation to overall, or as good of an indicator of overall demand going into next year, is the fact that they do have a much higher level of stock component versus retail orders in those spring seasonal order programs. And again, given the dynamics in the market, there is candidly not as much pressure to put orders in at this particular point. And we really believe the combine early order program, as that continues to develop, will be a better indicator of actual demand. And again, I want to be clear, Im not trying to skirt the issue, certainly we are seeing in those early order programs, orders being off year-over-year which historically would indicate some additional weakening as you move into 2016.
Q - Steven Fisher: Can you say what degree of magnitude theyre off year-over-year?
A - Tony Huegel: Similar to last year we arent going to discuss the magnitude again, because and some of that goes back to the timing of the ending of the early order program. And it could give some misleading numbers both, more positive or more negative depending on the program in terms of when they actually close. So, but again, it is directionally down year-over-year. So we will go to the next.
Q - Steven Fisher: Thanks a lot.
A - Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you. Next question.
Operator: Next question is from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Adam Uhlman: Hi guys, good morning.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Adam Uhlman: Could you talk a little bit more about what youre seeing in Europe, you mentioned that youre seeing some early stage of recovery in that market, maybe talk to your orders on a year-over-year basis for the quarter, do you expect to hit positive sales anytime soon? What are you looking for to confirm that early stage of recovery? Thanks.
A - Tony Huegel: Sure. I think some of that, as you look at the general economy, were starting to see that. As you look, there are different confidence indicators that are available as well, and those are starting to trend more positive still  I want to be clear, I mean, theyre still in more negative territory but directionally moving the right direction in the sense of a more positive direction in terms of overall sentiment. And we are, and as you look at the forecast change, obviously for Ag & Turf we did bring the sales forecast down slightly but there was, there were couple markets that were a little weaker but some offsetting strength in Europe. So were seeing a little bit of improvement but as Susan pointed out, were seeing early indications of the possibility that youre going to start to see some turnaround there.
Q - Adam Uhlman: Okay, thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Great. Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Next question will be from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Jerry Revich: Hi, good morning.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Jerry Revich: Im wondering if you can talk about the decision not to cut production more aggressively in the fourth quarter in Construction & Forestry to reduce that channel inventory. It looks like youre still planning to build receivables and inventories by $375 million for the year? I guess Im wondering is that behind the lower margin guidance for 4Q, are you giving yourselves room to reduce the inventory and receivables or should we think that as first half 2016 event?
A - Tony Huegel: Remember, as you think about Construction & Forestry, and we talked about this earlier in the year because there was some question as to why ending receivables and inventory were up as much as they were versus the forecasted sales increase. And as you recall, there were some changes in 2015 related to wholesale terms which we believe was going to drive some higher level of receivables and that has been the case. So, thats part of whats driving that. Now, as you look at the underlying forecast for receivables and inventory, it looks like there was just a slight reduction. Actually, whats underlying there is more of a reduction in receivables, so field inventory with some offsetting increase in inventory so Deere company-owned inventories. And again, some of that have to do with final Tier 4 transitions, and plans along that way, as well as recognizing this has been a pretty rapid change in the business environment. There was about seven-point change in our sales outlook. Im sorry, apparently I said a decrease in receivables, there is an increase in receivables, no, no, a decrease in the forecasted receivables, in the level of forecast. So, again, were still - just to be clear, were still forecasting an increase in receivables but its less of an increase versus our prior guidance. And inventory is a little higher than in our prior guidance. And again, a combination of final Tier 4 and as well as just the rapid change in that business environment from an inventory perspective.
Q - Jerry Revich: I guess, Tony, part of the question there, are you planning to adjust that in 4Q or is that an early 16, you mentioned the quick change in the business environment. Just can you clarify?
A - Tony Huegel: We would always be evaluating as we move forward, and this would be true not just for C&F, this would be true for Ag & Turf as well. We are always evaluating business environment and what we feel we need from an inventory or receivables. So, whether its a company owned inventory or a field inventory level. And what I can tell you is we will make those changes as quickly as we can. And I think fourth quarter last year is a good example of our ability to make those changes very rapidly, if we see the environment changing and necessitating that, so.
Q - Jerry Revich: Thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Tim Thein of Citigroup. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Tim Thein: Thank you, and good morning.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Tim Thein: Just one question is on pricing and the change albeit probably modest when you break the numbers down. But the overall change in pricing for this year, just curious if you can comment directionally if one of the two segments was a bigger contributor to that? I guess, on Ag Tony, youve called out the risk on Ag since late or early calendar year, early part of the calendar year. So, Im just curious if thats the change or in light of what you just mentioned in terms of the steep drop-off in construction. Just where the delta if any has been greater between the two segments? Thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Sure. Certainly if you look at our guidance for the year, last quarter we were at 2 points for fiscal year 15 and our current guidance is one point. Ill start with recognizing that both last quarter and this quarter there is some fair amount of rounding to get to that whole number. So weve been fluctuating candidly right around 1.5 points. And we just happen, the last quarter it rounded up and this quarter rounds down. Now, so there hasnt been a substantial change in the pricing environment since last quarter. And I would say its a little bit of both. Certainly I wouldnt point all to Ag & Turf I mean Construction & Forestry continues to be a challenging environment. We have competitors in the marketplace who are very aggressive on pricing right now. And that hasnt changed. And if anything has potentially gotten a bit stronger over the year. And so, it is a little bit of a decrease in terms of price realization really coming from both. Okay, and with that well go to next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning guys.
A - Tony Huegel: Hi Ann.
Q - Ann Duignan: And my question is around your outlook for U.S. farm cash receipts, Tony there is one thing that JPMorgan and Deere have always agreed on and thats the very strong correlation between cash receipts and equipment sales. So, in an environment where youre forecasting a decline in 2016 cash receipts, if that holds up and I realize that its a forecast, then isnt it inconceivable that you would be able to forecast an increase in equipment sales at this point?
A - Tony Huegel: Couple of things there. First of all, keep in mind as you think about cash receipts and I think we would agree on this as well, its not necessarily one-for-one in the sense of 2016 cash receipts driving 2016 sales. Remember its a combination of both current year and prior year. So, as you look at while its relatively flat from 15 to 16, when you look at the 2014/2015 combination that drove last years sales, and the 2015/2016 cash receipts looking in into next year, youd have to argue that it would be down even more than what just the single year-over-year implications would be. What I would tell you is, at this point given that outlook in cash receipts, given what were seeing and in the very early stages of our early order programs it is likely that you would see some reduction, further reduction in large Ag sales retail sales next year.
Q - Ann Duignan: Okay. That was my question. Thank you, Tony.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Andy Casey: Thanks. Good morning everybody.
A - Tony Huegel: Hi Andy.
Q - Andy Casey: Im just trying to bridge the operating profit elements, tax and credit guidance for 15 to the $1.8 billion net income guidance. Is there any sizeable change in other income or interest expense thats going to pull down the net income?
A - Tony Huegel: Keep in mind, and again, I hate using this explanation. But do remember that our operating profit outlook forecast for both Ag & Turf and C&F are rounded numbers. And so, it can drive some differences as you come down to operating profit. I wouldnt cite anything on any of those factors that you just pointed out that would be a significant change for the year. Obviously on the tax rate, we are as normal. We continue to assume no discreet items and tax rate being in that 34% to 36% range. Weve had some positive discreet items through the year that have pulled the year-to-date rate down. But wed use that 34% to 36% for the forward-looking period but outside of that nothing really noteworthy that I could point to.
Q - Andy Casey: Okay, thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Mike Shlisky of Global Hunter Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Mike Shlisky: Good morning guys.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Mike Shlisky: Last quarter you said in the call that summer weather the crus of the growth story going forward. And if the weather cooperates and yields are above trend-line, it would be challenging to see improvement anywhere around the globe in 2016. But here we are, and it does look in fact like yields will be above trend-lines. So, Id kind of ask you to follow-up on last quarter, I guess, do you still stand by your statement, and therefore, is the general direction down for 2016 in all regions of the world?
A - Tony Huegel: I would - certainly I would say that I would be a little careful to extrapolate what happens in the U.S. drives global markets. So you would really have to look at that statement would be true if you look at production on a global basis being positive than on a global basis there would be certainly some challenges to see some increases. And as you look, you see some varying weather patterns but not of any kind of significant factor in that regard. Again, as we look into next year, well we dont have of course any guidance until next quarter, we are starting to see some positive signs coming from Europe in that regard that certainly as you look at other parts of the world, well see what happens with the growing conditions in Brazil as we move forward. Theyre heading towards planting season now and well see what factors might be driven there. Keep in mind as we go into 2016, we did have some favorable weather conditions, El Nino actually strengthened through the summer. And that certainly bodes well normally for U.S. market or growing areas. But keep in mind that can have some more negative and dry impact on other parts of the world. So, as you think about weather, there are a number of regions of the world that we would point to on a watch-list if you will of what impact El Nino may have, when you think about Southeast Asia, India, Australia, even Brazil and Argentina, quite often that can drive some very wet spring summer type of weather, which a little bit of extra moisture is good in some cases, but if its excessive obviously that can have some negative ramifications as well. So, well see how things develop as we move forward for the rest of the world. But certainly we did have a very good summer here in the U.S. from a weather perspective at least in aggregate. And youre seeing that reflected in the guidance or the outlook for yields.
A - Raj Kalathur: Hi Mike, this is Raj. Let me add that broader picture, the weather has been good so far and production for grains on a global basis are likely to be good. Now, the other side of the equation, demand has grown as well, and thats always been what we are saying, if you take since the mid-90s the demand for grains have grown consistently and its grown very nicely this year as well. So, the demand-supply equilibrium is still pretty tight. You again see like June/July type conditions where, if there is excess rain or assumptions of any shortfall in weather conditions and the prices just vary quickly. So, again, the demand side is also very healthy.
Q - Mike Shlisky: Great point. Thanks.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Eli Lustgarten with Longbow Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Eli Lustgarten: Good morning, everyone.
A - Tony Huegel: Hi Eli.
Q - Eli Lustgarten: Pardon my voice. Can we get some comment, as you look at the fourth quarter and actually on decrementals in the quarter for the fourth quarter, is there anything happening that will alter this, the kind of decremental we saw in the third quarter into the fourth quarter, are we seeing the same levels? And the second part of it is, production being held up and inventory built because of the Labor Contract on October 1 that youre maybe developing a little bit of a strike an edge inventory being for yourself?
A - Tony Huegel: As you think about fourth quarter and decrementals, implied within the forecast if you look at sequentially from third quarter to fourth quarter you would see some higher decrementals. So it would be around 32% for equipment ops is roughly, whats implied there. But keep in mind you also have a fourth quarter where were forecasting the largest reduction in terms of year-over-year sales on a percentage basis at that 24% reduction. And so, the next closest quarter would have been first quarter where our decrementals were 35%. So, again I would argue sequentially would be a little higher decremental but still very good performance and especially relative to what we in the first quarter, would be very very strong. There was a hint at the UAW contract well begin negotiations later this month to officially kick those off. Beyond that as agreed on with UAW we really just have no comments related to that. And well have to leave that there. So, well move on to the next caller.
Q - Eli Lustgarten: Thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you.
Operator: Next question will be Mig Dobre with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Mig Dobre: Good morning everyone. I think Im going to stick with the same line of thinking as Eli here. And obviously, you guys have done a great job in terms of decrementals and in A&T considering the headwinds that youre dealing with. But Im wondering here, can you hold these levels of decrementals in to 2016 given that were probably talking about yet another decline. Im wondering if there is more left on variable cost that you can do or are we getting to the point that were talking about something that requires larger restructuring, more permanent cost take-out if you would?
A - Raj Kalathur: Okay Mig, this is Raj. Let me take that. Now, youre asking kind of hypothetical question. For 2016, now dont take this answer as indicating any forecast for 2016, right. So the answer depends on the mix of products, the level of softness were going to see or level of upside we might see in 2016 and several other factors. Now, if we assume all of the factors stay the same and say demand for all product lines are down by 10% from the 2015 forecasted levels, we should be able to deliver less than 40% decremental margins like we did this year. And remember, our units prepare not only for the forecasted scenario but also for downside and upside scenarios. And we expect to manage assets and costs with discipline as always to deliver at least 12% operating, return on operating assets at about 80% of mid-cycle. And at the enterprise level, we have plans in place for 2016 SA&G, R&D and on the cash side capital expenditures. And if we are able to execute with discipline to our plans as we normally have, we should deliver decent decremental or incremental margins depending on the scenario we face.
Q - Mig Dobre: Thats helpful. Thank you, Raj.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from David Raso of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - David Raso: Thank you. I apologize in advance for making this a math question, but guys, Im sorry I need to understand this because obviously the fourth quarter is going to influence how people think about 16. I know you mentioned rounding Tony but I heard you correctly, C&F margins for the full year 10%, Ag & Turf 8%, thats just a clarification, correct me if Im wrong.
A - Tony Huegel: Thats correct, yes.
Q - David Raso: If thats the case, youre implying the Construction & Forestry margins in fourth quarter to go up from 8.4% this quarter to 10.3%. Youre implying the segment profits to be at a level that does not collaborates a net income number to get the full-year to $1.8 billion, I mean, its literally like $0.30 of EPS off, its a difference between $0.65 implied to the fourth quarter versus roughly $0.95. So, I apologize but if you can please just for modeling here for the whole street going forward, can you help us understand thats not rounding? If you stick with your Ag, and you go well, that the wiggles in Construction, its the difference between saying C&F margins are 10% in the fourth quarter or break-even. So, please just indulge us, walk us through what are you really implying about segment margins for the fourth quarter or are you maybe sandbagging the net income implied to the fourth quarter. Just the math, it just doesnt make sense?
A - Tony Huegel: Im not following necessarily your math on, especially on C&F.
Q - David Raso: Tony, the math, am I wrong youre saying sales for the year at $6.252 billion right, thats 5% down, 10% margins are $625 million, thats a full year EBIT, we only have $464 million year-to-date, so you need profits of $161 million in the fourth quarter to get your full-year C&F. And on these revenues thats a 10.3% margin for the fourth quarter its, just the math?
A - Tony Huegel: If you do a full 10% and if that 10% was exactly 10.0%, I would agree with you. But as I said before, remember, when we say 10% thats anywhere from 9.5% to 10.4% round to
Q - David Raso: I dont mean to make this a math question, but the fourth quarter margin on C&F, even if you get anywhere near that rounding issue, its implying a segment EBIT for the whole company well above what youre implying net income to be to the fourth quarter, I mean, its a positive story, maybe it is cushion in the net income number and you think the segments do these numbers, and thats great. So, Im not making a bullish or bearish comment here, Im just trying to make sure I understand that math doesnt make sense, it could wildly swing the C&F margin for the fourth quarter and thus influence peoples thoughts on how they model C&F into 16? And if need to take it offline thats fine, but this is not rounding?
A - Tony Huegel: We will have to take it offline, but remember again as I said, this is both the margins are rounded. And so, again, just like we had with pricing there are times when youre rounding it can be more aggressive than other times. So you have to take that into consideration as youre trying to reconcile down to where we are with our net income number. And so, beyond that there is really not much more I can say. When we follow-up later, we can certainly discuss this a bit more.
Q - David Raso: I appreciate it. And again, I apologize for the math. I just wanted to clarify. So thank you. Well talk later.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Vishal Shah of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Vishal Shah: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. Tony, can you maybe comment on the extent of over capacity that you think is coming out of your oil patch and how long it will take to get some of that capacity to be absorbed and the headwinds to overcome? Thank you.
A - Raj Kalathur: I think from our perspective, our dealers tend to react pretty quickly when they see some of those changes in terms of their end demand. We are hearing, and again, as Susan pointed out in her comments, when you think about C&F, there is little bit of dichotomy because you talk to our contractors, our dealers, the sentiment is generally - fairly positive especially outside of those energy impacted areas. The underlying fundamentals that we would normally point to are actually fairly positive year-over-year. Were just seeing a softness in orders. And certainly in energy is weaker year-over-year. Youre hearing some, there is commentary about some of the independent rental companies for example shifting inventory out of those areas that are more energy dependent into the rest of the country. And that is in fairly large sizes, some large auctions and in places like Western Canada, in more recent months, so those sorts of things can have some impact. So, again, well see as we move forward where this market ends up going. But both in current year as well as you look out into 2016, most of the indications from a general economic perspective would be relatively positive. But again, as I started to say, our dealers respond quickly with our order fulfillment process and the ability for them to replenish equipment very rapidly. They tend to when there is uncertainty, they tend to pull-back quickly and adjust their inventories very rapidly which is exactly what we would hope to see. And thats really what weve seen in the quarter as well as is those dealers making those adjustments quickly. And with that, well go ahead with the next caller.
Operator: Next question is from Nicole DeBlase with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks good morning guys.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: I dont know whats going to happen, but Im going to try to ask this in a really simple way. So, pricing you guys are now seeing 1% growth for the full year, my math suggests that that implies negative pricing in the fourth quarter, can you just confirm if you think pricing goes negative in 4Q or if its just decelerating from what weve seen in 2Q and 3Q?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes, our forecast would not be negative in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind as you think about that as I mentioned earlier, remember there is rounding in that number. So, even within some of the other prior quarters, third quarter for example, we were actually running much closely to that 1.5 points versus, even in our prior forecast when you saw the 2 points we were rounding up to that 2 points. Now were rounding down to 1 point. And so, the implied change from last quarter to this quarter isnt a full point.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: Okay. That makes total sense, thanks for clarifying.
A - Tony Huegel: And just to clarify, both divisions while we dont talk about details by division, both divisions are forecasting positive price in the fourth quarter.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: Okay, thank you.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Joel Tiss with BMO Asset Management. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Joel Tiss: Hi, I just have one for Raj. I just wondered if you can talk to us why the free cash flow seemed so weak in the quarter or for the year-to-date given how much inventories are coming down?
A - Raj Kalathur: So, Im not sure why youre saying its weaker. The previous forecast for cash flow from operations was $3.4 billion, the current is about $3.2 billion, but $100 million should be explained by our net income in our guidance reduction from $1.9 billion to $1.8 billion, and the rest of that is essentially working capital. By the way the $3.2 billion, as we actually achieve would be I think the third best in recent history if not the third best ever.
Q - Joel Tiss: My question was about free cash flow though not operating and year-to-date its about $800 million down from $1.5 billion last year. And so, with almost $1 billion of inventory coming out year-to-date I wondered why it looks like its a lot lower than just the inventory reduction?
A - Raj Kalathur: I think we look at operating cash flow, if you look at - if you reduce the capital, the capital expenditures are actually, our forecast for capital expenditures, last quarter to this quarter has actually come down. So, I still am not adding up what youre adding up yet, so.
Q - Joel Tiss: Okay, all right.
A - Tony Huegel: We can take that offline too and talk about a little bit more detail, but yes, actually again, I think as you look for the year, were certainly continuing to forecast we think very strong cash flow, down a little bit as receivables and inventory adjusted in the quarter versus prior guidance, is that adjusted in the quarter but still very healthy level of cash flow. Okay, next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Seth Weber: Hi, good morning everybody.
A - Tony Huegel: Hello.
Q - Seth Weber: Hello, hi, can you hear me?
A - Tony Huegel: I can.
Q - Seth Weber: Great, thanks. So, the decremental margins in the Construction business, Construction & Forestry about 29%, it looks like youre forecasting something around 30% for the fourth quarter. If revenues are down next year, is the 30% decremental the right way to think about Construction & Forestry for next year? And maybe can you comment on mix that youre seeing there?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes, I think normally we would be, some of that can be mix driven to your point. And I think as you think about that decremental, especially in the third quarter and again in the fourth quarter, keeping in mind some of that is caused by the rapid change in the environment. So, as you think about pulling some of the levers we would pull, those sorts of things, there are lead times on that. So, if we would continue to see negative sales going into 2016, certainly that division would be looking at ways to improve the decremental sounds like an odd way to say it, but to see lower levels of decrementals.
Q - Seth Weber: Lower, relative to the 30%?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes.
Q - Seth Weber: Okay, thank you very much.
A - Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Ross Gilardi: Hi, good morning everybody.
A - Tony Huegel: Hi Ross.
Q - Ross Gilardi: I guess, I just want to ask you quickly about South America, and youve taken your outlook down for Ag again. But I mean, the data thats come out year-to-date still feels like a lot worse than that outlook. So, what are you seeing there, I mean, is the data overall in both Ag and Construction in Brazil just feel terrible. And I know Deeres obviously bullish on the long-term. But any signs of stability at all, why down only 20% to 25%?
A - Tony Huegel: Well, first of all, I would keep one thing to keep in mind is as youre looking at year-to-date data out of Brazil, thats a calendar basis. And we would be looking at a fiscal basis, so we still have within our outlook for fiscal 2015 we still have November/December of last year where those FINAME rates were still at very low levels relative to where they are today. And so I think that maybe some of the change in terms of what our outlook is versus maybe what youre seeing in the calendar year-to-date numbers.
Q - Ross Gilardi: Okay. Just can you comment at all? It was all, meant to be kind of wrapped up in one question, just your thoughts on stabilization at all there? It just doesnt feel like the data  it feel like the data is still in the process of getting worse not better?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes, I think its FINAME financing I would argue has created some stabilization with the announcement earlier this year of rates really through next June of 2016. The funding seems to be appropriate, so they didnt increase it from where rates went to in April of this year. And so, there is some stability there of course, there is always risk that that can change. And again, the funding that was announced is, we believe at a very appropriate level for the business, so thats one positive aspect. But I think FX creates certainly uncertainty in the environment, farmers there have benefited from the weakening of the real in this year as they sell their crops in U.S. dollars and they convert that back. Its actually kept their cash receipts and margins pretty favorable. But there is always the risk of when does that change and move back the other direction. So, there is uncertainty there. And more importantly just around the general economy and that doesnt seem to be seeing much stabilization at this point. Id argue thats probably the biggest risk as we move next year.
Q - Ross Gilardi: Got it, thanks Tony.
A - Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Next question will be from Kwame Webb with Morningstar. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Kwame Webb: Good morning everyone.
A - Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Q - Kwame Webb: So, maybe just a little bit of a longer-term question, I know you guys have been doing a lot on the Telematics front, recent acquisition in Brazil. Can you just kind of talk about what are the product development priorities there? And then just any commentary on what if renewal rates been for products like JDLink once customers get beyond the trial period?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes, at this point we really havent talked about any kind of renewal rate publicly and that sort of thing but clearly as weve talked about longer term from intelligence in machinery thats a key focus that we continue to have especially around machine and job optimization functions. From an R&D perspective I think weve talked about as well, certainly increasing the amount that were spending in that area today. What we spend on intelligence would be comparable to the type of R&D we would have on things like large tractors or combines. So its certainly right up in parity. With that and again just reflects the importance that we see of intelligence as we move forward. And we think we have a great opportunity to continue to provide efficiency to our customers through intelligence and believe that will be a way that we continue to differentiate as we move forward.
Q - Kwame Webb: Just, if you arent willing to give like a hard number, maybe just some commentary on whether its trended, renewal rates have been in-line, below or better than expectations?
A - Tony Huegel: Yes, thats just not something weve commented on publicly. So were going to have to move on to the final call. We have time for one more call. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question will be from Larry De Maria with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Q - Larry De Maria: Hi, thanks, hi Tony. I guess, not to go back and harp on the book order but if theyre similar to last year, obviously that implies down double-digit, which means that large Ag probably is down like you said. I think you would hope for a flat demand next year and have inventory in shape, which would give you positive delta for next year. So, Im just wondering where we stand now, do you think Deere and field inventory can get into relatively decent shape at year-end? And then therefore what kind of order of magnitude if not do we need in production cuts into next year do you think to kind of right-size things?
A - Tony Huegel: Right. First of all I want to be clear we did not have guidance on 2016. I think a lot of people implied some of our commentary to assume we were looking at flat for 2016. We were using that as an example, just like Raj earlier mentioned if it were down 10% what would our decremental margins be, I want to be clear we are not trying to signal down 10% for next year on all product lines, thats just an example. And we similarly use that really to reflect the fact that as we under-produce this year, you dont need an increase in end-markets, retail sales to necessarily see an increase in Deere sales. But clearly as you look at the early order programs, I want to be clear there as well. Were down year-over-year were not talking about seeing the type of magnitude of decrease that we saw last year but certainly down directionally is what were seeing in those early order programs at this point. So, in that regard we certainly have under-produced this year from a new inventory perspective. Certainly we feel like, our inventories will be in good shape. But as I mentioned earlier in the call, we will have some additional challenges to work through next year on used equipment especially as it relates to large tractors. Beyond that there is not much more I can really say about 2016.
End of Q&A:
Tony Huegel: So, we appreciate your call. But were going to have to wrap up. Again, thank you for your participation. And we look forward to the call backs as we go through the rest of the day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-05-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager, Investor Communications Rajesh Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) David Michael Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities Steven M. Fisher - UBS Securities LLC Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Rob C. Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners LLC Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities, LLC Emily G. McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC Larry T. De Maria - William Blair & Co. LLC Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research, Inc. Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Company's second quarter earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings then spend some time talking about our markets and our outlook for the second half of fiscal 2015. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Susan?
Susan Karlix - Manager, Investor Communications: John Deere announced second quarter earnings today. And in our view, the results were impressive in light of the weak conditions plaguing the global agricultural sector. Our performance reflected the skillful execution of our operating plans and the contributions of a well-rounded business lineup. The company's Construction & Forestry and Financial Services businesses had higher results for the quarter, while our Agriculture & Turf operations remained solidly profitable despite lower demand for large models of farm machinery. We also saw benefits from our success holding the line on costs and assets, a fact that gives our performance a measure of resilience we have not seen in prior downturns. Another item weighing on our results was the strong U.S. dollar. It continued to put pressure on reported sales made outside of the United States and is expected to continue doing so for the rest of the year. Now let's take a closer look at the second quarter in detail, beginning on slide three. Net sales and revenues were down 18% to $8.171 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $690 million. This includes a $38 million after-tax gain associated with the previously announced sale of our crop insurance business. EPS was $2.03 in the quarter. On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 20% to $7.4 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by two points. Currency translation was negative by five points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, let's start with Agriculture & Turf on slide five. Sales were down 25% in the quarter-over-quarter comparison. Lower sales were recorded in all regions of the world, but the decrease was primarily due to lower shipment volumes of large Ag equipment in the United States and Canada. Also hurting sales in the quarter was the negative impact of foreign currency exchange. Operating profit was $639 million. The division's decremental margin in the quarter was 31%, quite respectable considering the decrease in large Ag sales. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide six outlines U.S. farm cash receipts, which in spite of softer commodity prices, remain near historically high levels thanks to help from record livestock receipts. As a result, our 2014 forecast calls for cash receipts of about $418 billion, up about 1% from 2013, and the highest level ever recorded. Given the record crop harvest of 2014 and consequently the lower commodity prices we're seeing today, our 2015 forecast calls for cash receipts to be down about 6%. Of note, crop receipts for 2015 are forecast to be about 23% lower than 2012's record. On slide seven, global grain stocks-to-use ratios remain at somewhat sensitive levels, even after the abundant harvests of the past two years. Global grain and oilseed demand remains strong, while supplies are now fully adequate. Even so, unfavorable growing conditions in any key region of the world as well as unknown impacts from any geopolitical tensions could lower production, reduce stocks-to-use ratio, and result in prices quickly moving higher. Our economic outlook for the EU 28 is on slide eight. Economic growth continues in the region, although at a slow pace. Grain prices appear to be stabilizing at levels near the long-term average. While livestock margins remain at good levels, dairy margins are being squeezed. As a result, farm machinery demand in the EU region is expected to be lower for the year. On slide nine, you'll see the economic fundamentals outlined for other targeted growth markets. In China, the government continues its investment in Ag equipment subsidies, but the growth rate has slowed. This as well as the continued slowdown in economic growth and lower commodity prices has led to a decrease in forecast industry sales. Turning to India, the 2015 monsoon season rainfall is expected to be below normal. That on top of last year's relatively dry monsoon season will result in lower overall agriculture output. In the CIS, continued deterioration of economic growth and further tightening of credit continued to weigh on equipment sales. Notably, western equipment manufacturers are being heavily impacted by the weak Russian currency and geopolitical uncertainties. Shifting to Brazil, slide 10 illustrates the value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness. Ag production is expected to decrease about 11% for the year in U.S. dollar terms due to lower global commodity prices. However, with the weak real, the value of production is much more attractive in the local currency, as the price for which farmers sell crops is set in U.S. dollars, but paid in Brazilian real. Even with the recent drop in prices, Ag fundamentals remain positive for grains. On balance, though, farmer confidence in Brazil is lower as a result of economic uncertainty and political concerns in the country, leading to lower equipment purchases. Slide 11 illustrates eligible finance rates for Ag equipment in Brazil. Eligible finance rates for Ag equipment through the end of June increased 3% in April to 7.5% and 9%, depending on a farmer's revenues, with no change on the required down payment. Uncertainty over the 2015  2016 Ag budget as well as concerns about possible further increases in interest rates are also weighing on farmer confidence. Our 2015 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 12. Lower commodity prices and falling farm income are putting pressure on demand for farm equipment, especially larger models. At the same time, conditions in the livestock sector are positive, providing support to sales of small and mid-sized tractors. As we refine our forecast of market conditions, we now expect industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down about 25% for 2015. The EU 28 industry outlook is down about 10%, unchanged from last quarter, due to lower crop prices and farm income, as well as pressure on the dairy sector. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are now projected to be down 15% to 20% in 2015. The decline in our outlook is a result of economic uncertainty in Brazil, the questions surrounding government-sponsored financing noted previously, and potential currency movements. Shifting to Asia, we now expect sales to be down modestly. In the CIS, we continue to expect industry sales to be down significantly, due to economic concerns, limited credit availability and the weak ruble. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2015, no change from our prior forecast. Putting this all together on slide 13, fiscal year 2015 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be down about 24%, including about five points of negative currency translation. The one point change in the forecast from last quarter is all attributable to the impact of foreign currency exchange. The Ag & Turf division operating margin is now forecast to be about 8%. Before turning to Construction & Forestry, let's take a look at our all-new 8000 Series Self-Propelled Forage Harvester on slide 14. After 20 years of incremental changes to our SPFH product line, it represents a complete update with a total of 5,500 new part numbers. The new machine addresses the needs of livestock and dairy customers, as well as biogas producers for higher efficiency and productivity. It offers innovative features such as field guidance, products, and smart unloading systems, as well as a new cab, which combine to increase performance and up time and decrease the cost of ownership, while adding comfort for the operator. Earlier this year, the 8000 Series won the 2015 Forage Harvester Machine of the Year at SIMA, the Paris International Agri Business Show. The 8000 Series Forage Harvester added to our lineup of self-propelled windrowers. And our recent entry into the large square baler business better positions Deere within the hay and forage market. Now let's focus on Construction & Forestry on slide 15. Net sales were up 2% in the quarter and operating profit was up 43%. The division's incremental margin was about 173%. Moving to slide 16, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, the economy continues to move forward. GDP growth is improving, unemployment is falling, construction hiring is on the increase, and housing starts are expected to exceed 1 million units this year. In contrast, we are seeing weakening conditions in the energy sector and energy producing regions. Deere's Construction & Forestry sales are now forecast to be up about 2% in 2015. Currency translation is forecast to be negative by about three points. The change in our forecast from last quarter is due to lower sales outside the U.S. and Canada, as well as the impact of foreign currency exchange. Global forestry markets are expected to be about flat on the heels of a 10% increase in 2014. C&F's full year operating margin is projected to be about 11%. Before moving to financial services, the first Deere-designed and built production-class dozer is shown on slide 17. The model 1050K is the largest crawler dozer John Deere has ever produced and is part of our growing production-class equipment portfolio. It was introduced earlier this year for mass earthmoving and quarry operations. Its dual-path, hydrostatic transmission, a unique feature to this size class, provides better fuel economy and maneuverability. Other improvements include a higher power-to-weight ratio, which provides more pushing power and more turning power with full loads. In addition, the 1050K crawler is equipped with John Deere WorkSight telematics to allow technicians to connect to the machines wirelessly, reducing the repair cycle time, the overall cost of repair and customer downtime. Let's move now to our financial services operations. Slide 18 shows that the financial services annualized provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio was eight basis points at the end of April. This reflects the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecast for 2015 now contemplates a loss provision of about 14 basis points versus nine basis points in 2014. The year-over-year increase is a reflection of the unsustainably low loss level of the last four years. For reference, the 10-year average is 26 basis points and the 15-year average is 43 points. Moving to slide 19, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $170 million in the second quarter versus $148 million last year. Net proceeds from the sale of the crop insurance business benefited the division's second quarter income by about $27 million after-tax. Earlier, I mentioned a $38 million enterprise gain on the sale. The difference is largely due to the enterprise utilization of capital loss carry-forwards not originating at the financial services division level. 2015 net income attributable to Deere & Company is forecast at about $630 million, no change from our previous forecast. Slide 20 outlines receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $1.6 billion. That was equal to 31.4% of prior 12-month sales compared with 32.1% a year ago. The decrease, which came entirely from Ag & Turf, is reflective of the aggressive way we have cut production in line with our 2015 outlook. We expect to end the year with total receivables and inventories down about $600 million. The decrease in the Ag division from prior guidance is due to reductions outside the United States and Canada and foreign currency exchange. Our 2015 guidance for cost of sales as a percent of net sales, shown on slide 21, is about 78%, unchanged from last quarter. When modeling 2015, keep these factors in mind: price realizations of about two points; favorable raw material costs; an unfavorable mix of product; and Tier 4 product costs. Looking at R&D expense on slide 22, R&D was down about 4% in the second quarter, including about three points of negative currency translation. Our 2015 forecast calls for R&D to be down about 1% for the full year, including about three points of negative currency translation. The forecast reflects higher R&D spending in the second half of the year which is the typical pattern. Moving now to slide 23, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down about 14% in the second quarter, including about four points of currency translation. Our 2015 forecast contemplates SA&G expense being down about 11% with landscapes, water, and currency accounting for about six points of the change. Similar to the situation with R&D spending, SA&G expense is forecast to be higher in the second half of the year. Turning to slide 24, pension and OPEB expense was up about $15 million in the quarter and is forecast to be up about $70 million in 2015. On slide 25, the equipment operations tax rate was approximately 30% in the quarter, primarily due to mix of income and discrete items. For the remainder of fiscal 2015, the projected effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34% to 36%. Slide 26 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $3.4 billion in 2015. The company's third quarter financial outlook is on slide 27. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be down about 17% compared with 2014. This includes about two points of price realization with unfavorable currency translation of about six points. Turning to slide 28 and the full-year outlook, the forecast now calls for net sales to be down about 19%. Price realization is expected to be positive by about two points. Currency translation is negative about four points. Finally, despite strong currency headwinds, our full-year 2015 net income forecast is now about $1.9 billion, an increase from our previous guidance. In closing, John Deere expects to be solidly profitable in 2015. In fact, the year is forecast to rank among our stronger ones in sales and profits, even with the pullback we're experiencing in the farm sector. Such an achievement says a lot about the progress we've made establishing a wider range of revenue sources and a more durable business model. All in all, we remain confident in the company's present direction and in its ability to meet customer needs for advanced machinery and services in the future. I'll now turn the call back over to Tony.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, Susan. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. But as a reminder, in considerations of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate on the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. David?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question today comes from Vishal Shah of Deutsche Bank Securities. Your line is open.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Maybe we should start with about how you see the inventory levels at the dealers and what you see in the used equipment pricing market.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So as you think about used equipment, obviously, overall I assume you're referring mostly to large Ag equipment. So, as you...
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's right.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So as you look at dealer inventory, certainly we took  last year, again as a reminder, we pulled a lot of inventory out. As Susan pointed out in the opening comments, we're down pretty significantly year over year. As we ended the quarter this year with receivables and inventory, we're down almost $2 billion year over year for Ag & Turf. And certainly there's a lot of conversation about used equipment levels as well. And we would tell you, as you look at large Ag in total, certainly, we're always concerned about used equipment. If you ask us are we more concerned today than we were three months ago or six months ago, the answer would be no. We continue to be very focused on that. We believe we're materially in better position than our competition. But we're really focusing on lowering those used inventory levels, but also protecting resale values as we do that. So we believe we're on the right path. We feel pretty good about the direction we're heading with used equipment, but certainly we have a lot of work ahead of us in terms of continuing to pull that down.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: That's helpful, and just one other question.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Actually, I'm sorry.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Can you maybe talk about what percentage of...
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I'm going to have to ask you to get back in the queue. I'm sorry.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Sure.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Next caller?
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Good morning.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: A quick question on the modest improvement in the U.S. and Canada outlook. Is that all driven by lower horsepower, or are you seeing better order intake than previously expected in the high horsepower equipment sector?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I would not characterize that as a significant improvement, really, in any of our businesses. I would argue it's a bit of a tweaking, as Susan pointed out, refining the forecast. But certainly, we have not changed our outlook on large Ag business. We're continuing to see that down closer to the 40% range in the industry, and so not a significant change really anywhere, but certainly not with large Ag.
Andrew M. Casey - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, next caller?
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi, good morning.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Good morning.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Tony, can you talk about the raw material benefit that you folks saw in the quarter and what's factored into guidance? And then can you calibrate us on the transactional impact of currency along those lines as well, please?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Okay, so I'll take the first question. If we want to talk about currency, we'll have to someone get back in, either get back in queue or we'll have someone else pick up on that. As you know, we don't disclose specific guidance in terms of dollar impact from raw materials. A couple years ago now, we switched and started providing guidance on overall cost of sales. But certainly, that has been a benefit in the first half of the year. I would tell you as you look at the second half of the year, certainly for Ag & Turf, but really on the overall business, it's slightly less benefit in the back half of the year. Now before anyone gets too excited about that, it's not that we're implying that steel costs and other commodity costs necessarily go up. If you think about the timing of our general purchases and our production on any year, we tend to build inventory in the first half of the year sequentially, and then it comes down in the back half. So you tend to get the benefit earlier in the year in some of those material costs. So continued benefit from material costs year over year, but if you're looking first half, second half, there is actually a slight difference, a slightly lower benefit in the back half in our implied guidance. Okay.
Jerry David Revich - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, next caller?
Operator: Your next question comes from Mig Dobre of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning, everyone.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Good morning.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Tony, can you maybe range us in terms of your expectations for full-year margins in construction versus Ag & Turf?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So if you look at the margin, I think Susan pointed out on the call, we are looking for C&F margins to be about 11%. For the full year, Ag & Turf would be about 8%. So no change on C&F from our prior forecast, a slight increase actually for Ag & Turf; we had previously forecasted about 7%.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, next caller?
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
David Michael Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Thank you. Given your new inventory and receivable forecast, where do you see production versus retail heading into 2016? And if you can break it out between Ag & Turf and Construction & Forestry, because obviously, I assume that must have been baked into why you altered some of the receivable and inventory forecasts?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: As you look at receivables and inventory, and specifically we'll start with Ag & Turf, as you look at the change in the forecast from last quarter to this quarter, I would tell you it really  it does not relate to the U.S. and Canada. It relates to receivables and  both receivables and inventory outside of the U.S. and Canada as well as some FX impact quarter over quarter. But it's mostly about those receivables outside of the U.S. and Canada. But it's implied already and not to be forgotten that we pulled a lot of receivables and inventory out in 2014 as we ended the year, and certainly in our initial  in our original budget guidance, we had a pretty healthy level of receivables and inventory continuing to come out on Ag & Turf as we seek to under-produce the retail environment through the year. So we have under-produced year-to-date and we would continue, especially as we go into the back half of the year, we'll be under-producing the retail environment and continuing to bring those field inventories down, both on new as well as providing some additional support that way for our dealers on used equipment. When you think about C&F, remember we talked about it early on, much of that increase and some of that is because of higher sales, of course, so I don't want to imply there isn't any increase in field inventories. But much of that has to do with the change in some of the terms, and we think that will drive some higher levels of receivables. And really the reduction you saw in the quarter had more to do with a refinement of what we think that impact will be from those terms changes versus really any kind of significant expectation in terms of a change in actual field inventories. So that's really what's driving most of that as we look towards the end of the year.
David Michael Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: But to my question, just so I'm clear on the takeaway, is this forecast to set you up going into 2016 that whatever we think retail will be, you expect to produce in line with retail?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Our expectation for 2015 is certainly to produce under with the hope that in 2016 we will be able to produce to retail next year. Now again, that's making a lot of assumptions on what 2016 would be as well. But what I don't want to imply is that, as you look at that reduction in receivables and inventory, that there is any kind of signaling of what 2016 may or may not be because, again, that change was not related to the U.S. and Canada.
David Michael Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: I totally understand. I just want to make sure the spirit of that forecast is to set you up into 2016 where there isn't necessarily more inventory reduction. The spirit is to enter 2016.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: That has been our expectation all year and that has not changed so.
David Michael Raso - Evercore ISI Institutional Equities: Thank you so much, I appreciate it.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, next caller?
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Fisher of UBS Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Steven M. Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Bigger picture on Ag, we're still seeing most Ag markets down around the world. But looking forward, give us your sense for which Ag market you think has the best potential to turn positive first and why.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: That's a great  a tough question at this point. And actually I think if you look at the U.S. and Canada markets, for example, and I think it really implies the overall commodity market in general, if you talk to our Chief Economist, he would tell you we're really in kind of a year-to-year type of mode right now. And as frustrating as it may be for people to hear, it really is about what happens this summer with the current crop that's in the ground. If you're going to assume another year of better than average weather, where yields are above trend yield, then certainly it's going to be a challenging argument to make that 2016 would certainly improve really anywhere around the globe. If you look back at what would the implications be of trend yields or a little less than ideal weather or average weather and you see below trend yield, then that story changes pretty dramatically because we would argue that you're not  while you certainly have ample supply of commodities and you're seeing that reflected in commodity prices, there isn't a glut of commodities either. And so if you under-produce demand going into  through the 2015 crop and going into 2016, we believe prices will be very responsive to that and cash receipts would recover in that type of environment, you would see sales begin to recover as well. But that's as close to  and I can't pinpoint a certain geography, specifically, but I would say that's probably a pretty consistent global statement that we would make, okay.
Steven M. Fisher - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, next caller?
Operator: Next question comes from Jamie Cook of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, good morning. I guess can you just comment on the order book where we stand today versus expectations and where we were last year by combines and 7R, 8R or 9R, et cetera? Thanks.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: You bet. As you think about order book, I think in general we would continue to say, versus our forecast  obviously, we're forecasting a much lower level of orders, but versus that forecast, we continue to be in very, very good shape compared to last year in terms of the order coverage. And certainly combines at this point in the year with the early order program we're well over 90% covered and the bigger question tends to be things like large tractors. If you think about 7000 Series tractors, today we would be  really 7000s, 8000s, and 9000s for this year we're out into early October in terms of availability and these are the wheel tractors, not track tractors so across the board on wheel tractors we'd be early October. Last year, on 7000s, that would have been late August. 8000s would have also been early October, so consistent. And on 9000s, it would have been mid-June...
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: ...in terms of availability. So our order book is actually  on, again, much lower order level, our much  expectations, but as an availability perspective in very good shape. I didn't mention the track tractors. Those would also be on 8000s would be out into early October. 9000s would be in August, which would be a little bit behind where we were last year. Last year, we would have been out into September.
Jamie L. Cook - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): All right, great. Thank you for the color.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Great. Thank you, next caller?
Operator: Next question comes from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, hi. Good morning.
Susan Karlix - Manager, Investor Communications: Hi, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just a clarification first, if I can. Just on David Raso's question. Your point is that until we get through July and August, July and August make or break the crop, until we get through those months we really cannot even begin to forecast what 2016 might look like. I think you would agree with that.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yes.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then my real question is if you look at this whole trend in the industry towards leasing, can you talk about the increase in your equipment leasing? It was up about $1 billion, about 31% year over year, talk about the risks of  on residual values, when those leases expire and why this trend towards leasing versus selling?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Sure, that's a great question. Certainly you're right, we are seeing a move towards more leasing. We think some of that has to do with giving some of the lower margins customers are facing. And as well as  so again, when you purchase the equipment, you tend to get a better advantage from a tax deduction perspective. So as margins are a bit lower that isn't as attractive always, but then there's also questions around Section 179 and bonus depreciation. Will we really have that or not? And so we think that's factoring into some of those decisions in terms of a move towards leasing. Really as we look at it, the key here is making sure that residuals  and I think as you imply, making sure that residuals are valued properly. And that tends be what we focus on, as you know. We tend to be relatively conservative on the setting of residual values. We continue to do that. Today, we certainly evaluate those on a regular basis. We haven't had any kind of write-downs or accruals that we've had to make against the residual values of that leasing portfolio. But that's really where the risk is. It does move some risk to the financial services organization in the sense of if residuals would drop dramatically as they come off of lease that could create some challenges there. Couple things I would point out, though, related to that is, one, while it's increasing it's still a relatively small part of our total portfolio. So just to keep that in perspective. And the other thing is, and it's one of the reasons why it's so important for us as we manage used inventories in general to make sure we're protective of the  of pricing on that used equipment. Not only does it help  the value of that used equipment. So it helps certainly our dealers. So it's supportive there. But it's also supportive of the financial services organization in the sense of making sure we're protecting those residual values as we go through this downturn and as we continue to focus on moving those used equipment levels lower. So it is a balancing act in terms of looking to reduce those and still being protective of those values. So anyway, thank you. And we'll move onto the next caller.
Operator: Next question comes from Ross Gilardi of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your question.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah, thanks. Good morning.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Hi, Ross.
Ross P. Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about Brazil, Tony. I mean, soybean fundamentals seemed pretty poor. You've cut your price outlook there. The borrowing rates were up sharply. You tweaked your outlook a little bit more negative but it doesn't seem like anything major. So does the situation feel like it's still in the process of deteriorating, or are you seeing any signs of stabilization at the bottom?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: As you think about Brazil on the Ag side, it's an interesting situation this year with the outlook that we have in place. Because if you look at  I would actually turn around a little bit with the soybean prices while in U.S. dollars certainly it's down, and consider the impact of currency. Because remember Brazilian farmers sell in U.S. dollars and then convert back to local currency. So their cash receipts in local currency and their margins, because most of their inputs were purchased in local currency. And to the extent that they were purchased in U.S. dollars, it would have been before the currency shifted last fall. And so when you look at margins on the crop that was recently harvested, they're pretty attractive levels, which is in stark contrast to the outlook. Really what we're seeing in our outlook is, in our view, a concern around the general economy in Brazil. Some of the  you're seeing that in some of the increased rates of FINAME financing. So I would tell you much of that is going to be dependent on what happens as we move forward with that Brazilian economy. There's still some question. You'll note our slides end in June in terms of what the FINAME financing rates are because they haven't been announced beyond that. So we'll be hearing hopefully in early June is the expectation now, not just what the FINAME financing rates will be for both PSI and Moderfrota, but also what down payment levels they're going to require. Will they keep Moderfrota at the 10%? And as importantly, what's the overall budget? Will they change that overall budget? And then we'll have a much better feel for what happens as we move forward with Brazil, at least in the short term. But again, I'd remind you this is about as short of a cycle. Longer term, we continue to believe that we have great opportunity in Brazil as agricultural output continues to grow, as acreage continues to grow, and certainly as our market share continues to grow, Okay, next caller?
Operator: Your next question comes from Eli Lustgarten of Longbow Research. Please go ahead with your questions.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Good morning, everyone. Brilliant quarter, actually. Can we talk a little bit about the change in construction equipment, the lower sales and outlook and what you're seeing in the marketplace? I mean 2% is obviously a little disappointing type of gain in currency. But what are you seeing in the marketplace with the impact of oil and gas, and are we basically looking at a flattish environment for you guys for a while?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I think it's important to point out and remind you, as Susan pointed out I guess in her comments, that the reduction really is not related to the U.S. and Canada. It's more about sales outside of the U.S. and Canada as well as FX. Within the U.S. and Canada, certainly we're seeing in those areas that are heavily influenced by energy, certainly seeing lower orders and business slowing down somewhat, but the overall market continues to be fairly attractive in terms of what we saw at the beginning of the year as well, again, as a reminder, coming off of a very strong 2014. So as you see those growth rates slow as we go into the back half of the year, remember we move into much tougher compares in that division. But when you look at markets like Brazil, and I just mentioned that in my last commentary on the Ag sector, and I would say certainly the overall business there is down significantly. While we have our new facilities and we continue to look for market share increases in Brazil as we go through 2015, those market share increases just are not going to offset the impact of the overall reduction in the industry. And so again, those are some of the  it's probably the major reduction quarter over quarter is what our expectation is in Brazil. But a variety of overseas locations really have weakened, in our view, over the quarter. So that's primarily what's driving that difference.
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: But you'll able to hold profitability if you...
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Profitability has not  as you look at that, profitability has not changed. We're still forecasting the same 11% margins, so. Okay?
Eli S. Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: All right, thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Let's move on to the next caller. Thank you, Eli.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nicole DeBlase of Morgan Stanley Investment Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So my question is around the competitive environment. I guess what are you guys seeing on the pricing front out there, both with respect to new and used equipment? I think Vishal asked the question, but I'm not sure if that part of it got answered. And then not just Ag, but also if you're seeing any increase in competitive pricing within construction.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yes, so competitive pressure certainly, we talked about that with the Ag & Turf division, and it's not a surprise given the level of inventories that our competition has. And as a reminder, we went into the year on large Ag, as you look at inventory as a percent of sales, about half of where our competition was. We would continue to say on large Ag equipment that our inventory levels are, as a percent of sales, about half of what the rest of the industry would be. But certainly that puts pressure because those inventories need to come down, and so you do see some pricing pressure. There's a variety of methods that they may choose to use to do that. And certainly, we continue to see that  we talked about it last year in Construction & Forestry, both on our dealer sales as well as with the independent rental business, a lot of pricing pressure. And I would certainly tell you, year over year, that pricing pressure has not reduced. Now we still continue to forecast, even in that environment, a two point price realization. That's for the enterprise, but I would tell you both divisions are contributing to that, both Ag and Construction. And so while it's a tough environment, we continue to focus on bringing value to customers and enable us to get some of that price realization.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you, next caller?
Operator: Next question comes from Rob Wertheimer of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Rob C. Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hi, good morning.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Hi, Rob.
Rob C. Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners LLC: I'm trying to understand North American row crop inventory, and I totally get that the industry is twice as high as you, I do. But industry dealer inventory I think in units, is up year over year. I think your dealers were up year over year in units for row crops specifically. And sales I think at retail are down like 20%s. I'm just trying to understand. Why isn't your inventory down? Forgetting the industry is worse, why isn't your inventory down because I thought everything was matched to a farmer? So maybe there's just a pulse I'm not understanding or something like that. And then how do you get to the down 40% if it seems like you're down 20% or less for the first six months?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So as you think about row crop tractors, I think the first thing to keep in mind is the data that's made public is 100 horsepower and above for AEM data. And we would view in terms of row crop tractors that breakdown to be more 180 horsepower to 200 horsepower and above. So when you look at the AEM data, it gets clouded because you have our 6000 Series tractors in those numbers. You have some of our 5000 Series tractors in those numbers. And certainly those are tied much more closely to the livestock industry. We've talked about year over year seeing some strength in livestock, and so that does cloud that picture. And I would point out those 6000 Series tractors come from Germany. And so while we talk about building to retail order, that is on large Ag, so that would be our 7000s, 8000s and 9000s and that certainly is the case on those. So I think that's part of what is causing maybe some of the confusion. The other thing to keep in mind, too, is what's reported in AEM is what inventory the dealer owns at the end of the quarter  or at the end of the month. And so you do get some distortion. Not all of that is inventory or stock at the dealer. You can have retail sold inventory or tractors that are marked as retail sold pounded in those numbers. So from the day it ships from our factory until it's delivered to the customer, it does get reported as dealer inventory. So again, that can distort things. And I'd also caution any time, and we've talked about this for years, to be very careful about looking at any single month. And especially this year, as you look at year-over-year comparisons through the second quarter, remember last year our 7000 Series tractors and 8000 Series tractors were converting to Final Tier 4. And so you had different levels of inventory as you prepared for that transition and certainly as you came out of that transition. So it can distort the year-over-year comparison. So we would continue to tell you from a new inventory level perspective, we're quite comfortable in large Ag. We continue to have the lowest levels in the industry. And that's not expected to change as we go through the year. Now again that being said, as we talked about earlier, we are under-producing retail which we think will help lower inventories even further as we go through the year.
Rajesh Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Rob. This is Raj. Let me add a couple points, okay. So if you just step back think of the industry environment we are facing and what we have done with respect to new and used inventories, we're facing, as you know, the deepest downturn in North American large Ag equipment industry in 25 years. And as Tony mentioned, we've been working on both used and new. Now, on used combine volumes, our position today is less than where our used combine volumes were a year from now  a year before and two years before. Okay? So we have confidence that we will work down our row crop used inventory as well. And as for the new row crop equipment sold to the corn and soybean producers in the U.S. and Canada, if you take the 7000 Series and 8000 Series tractors in the first half of this year, our shipments in the U.S. and Canada came down with the decline in retail and a lot further as well. We actually under-shipped retail sales by over 20% in the first half. We are forecasted to under-ship retail for the second half as well. So the point I'm trying to make is we are managing our inventories aggressively while at the same time, and as Tony mentioned, keeping the long-term in mind. So thanks for the question.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Next caller?
Rob C. Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Shlisky of Global Hunter Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities, LLC: Good morning, guys. I wanted to touch on Brazil as well, especially on your combine shipments. Some of the data coming out is showing that your shipments were actually down quite a bit in the second quarter here. But I was wondering if you could maybe comment on your company's retail sales versus shipments in Brazil and whether it's in line with your expectations for the quarter?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah, that's a good point. When you think about the information that's available publicly in Brazil, as a reminder, that is shipments not retail sales. While we certainly have continued to push for the industry to move to retail sales, others in the industry haven't been supportive of that change. And so it can distort things. We would tell you that certainly, from a retail sales perspective, things are moving forward as we would expect. We continue to take market share. It's showing, I think, even in the shipment numbers that certainly from a retail sales perspective our market shares continue to grow in Brazil, especially on tractors. And so we feel pretty comfortable with where we're at on inventories as well as the retail sales from a market share perspective in Brazil. Okay?
Michael Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities, LLC: Great. Thanks, Tony.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Seth Weber of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Emily G. McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good morning. This is Emily McLaughlin on for Seth.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Hello.
Emily G. McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I just wanted  hello? Can you hear me?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yes, I can.
Emily G. McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. I just wanted to see if you guys had any update to some of the countries in Europe are any better or worse than what you were thinking three months ago?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I think probably as you look at Europe from  maybe the most noteworthy thing is you're starting to see at least some glimmers of hope from just a general economy perspective in some countries. But if you look at the Ag industry, we didn't change the overall outlook, and, I would say, from a country by country perspective, really not any kind of significant changes. It's a year that's really moving forward fairly consistently with what we had anticipated early on. So again, just not really much noteworthy in terms of a year-over-year change.
Emily G. McLaughlin - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Okay. Thanks. Next caller?
Operator: Next question comes from Larry De Maria of William Blair & Co. Please go ahead with your question.
Larry T. De Maria - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. Good morning. Just curious, you guys have talked a lot about myjohndeere.com and JDLink over the last couple years. How did the myjohndeere.com platform do this planting season? Have they been collecting data from farmers? Are they using it or blocking the data collection? And related to that, how did the new high speed planter do this year into planting season versus expectations? Thanks.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah, unfortunately I'll have to take  I'll take the first question. And as you think about the myjohndeere.com, certainly it is being used. Things have gone well with that from our perspective. Obviously, we continue to work with our customers to improve that process, but it is online and it is gathering data. And I think it's mostly being used, obviously, to gather prescription information and download into the machines given that it's more planting season. And certainly, we'll use that. I would expect customers to use that on the back half of the year as they gather harvesting information as well. So again we think it's off to a good start and feel pretty confident that that's going be a real value enhancer for our customers as we move forward.
Rajesh Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Larry. This is Raj. I would also add that we watch the metrics on myjohndeere.com, the number of crop acres and a number of other things like that. So far it is actually  we're very encouraged by the results that we're seeing, okay?
Larry T. De Maria - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Can you put some numbers to that in terms of acreage that's been used on...
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: We at this point have not disclosed any kind of acreage that's covered or anything along that line, so. Okay, next caller?
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Sponheimer of Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Thanks for fitting me in here.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Hi, Brian. Sure.
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research, Inc.: Just one clarification on the guidance. It's inclusive of the gain on the landscapes business, right?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: On...
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research, Inc.: The net income increase is inclusive on the gain on the sale?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: On the sale of the insurance.
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research, Inc.: I'm sorry, insurance, rather. Yes.
Rajesh Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Crop insurance.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: The crop insurance.
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research, Inc.: Crop insurance, rather.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yes. Yes, it is.
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research, Inc.: And I'm just curious about from a planning, what type of weather is really kind of the 50% base point...
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Brian, I would  Brian...
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research, Inc.: ...for how you do your planning? And what's the plus, minus, and what will constitute a good year or a bad year as it relates to how you see the next six to 12 months shaping up?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: First of all, I want to make sure I point out, by the way that gain was implied in our forecast last quarter as well for the year.
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: And so that wasn't necessarily a full change as we go into the rest of the year. So the other thing I  at this point, you assume average weather. You assume trend yields until you get data that can potentially change that. And so we would continue to use trend yields in our internal forecasting at this point, recognizing that you can certainly see variation from that. We'll start adjusting that as we go through the summer and see weather develop, so. Okay?
Brian C. Sponheimer - G.research, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Tony.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yep. Thank you. The next call  our next question will have to be the last question we can take for the call, so.
Operator: And your last question today comes from Brett Wong of Piper Jaffray & Co. Please go ahead with your question.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thanks for fitting me in here at the end, Tony. I appreciate it.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: You bet.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): I'm just wondering. I understand there's a lot of uncertainty around what 2016 will look like, and if we do have a strong crop this year pressuring a potential recovery, what other levers can you pull in order to kind of support margins?
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Certainly, we would continue to look at from a cash perspective. Our CapEx would be one area we'd continue to look at, although we did pull that down quite a bit. You continue to look at options with SA&G and R&D. We talked about, when C&F went through their super-trough in 2009; when you get into levels that you didn't anticipate you tend to also find levers that you didn't necessarily anticipate. And depending on the perspective, we kept R&D pretty flat year over year in our outlook, and so that would be something you would continue to look at. And that's  as we've said all along, that's something you balance in terms of long-term need. That wouldn't be necessarily a desirable lever, but you  we would continue to look at those things that we could pull out as we go through the year. But it would  I would also point out if you see a large incremental drop, that creates challenges given where our capacity, where our facilities are at today in terms of percent of capacity utilization. And so, but again, we certainly  as we look at the outlook for next year, unless you're going to argue for better than average weather, it's hard to argue that you're going to see a significant drop in commodity prices given the strength in demand that we continue to see on commodities. So that would be one area I would make sure to remind people, so.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Okay, with that, we will conclude the call. And I think it's important maybe to step back a little bit, too, and think about the year that we're forecasting. As you look at our guidance for 2015 and put that in perspective, in a historical perspective, as you look at what we're forecasting for equipment operations net sales, as you look at what we're forecasting for cash flow from operations in equipment operations, as well as our EPS overall, it puts us in a top five year in all three of those categories in terms of what this guidance provides. And when you put that in context of where our largest business, where the end markets went this year in terms of the significant drop, we think that's really demonstrating again the power of the overall portfolio, the strength of that SVA model and our ability to continue to drive very solid earnings even in lower end markets. With that, we'll be around for the rest of the day to take any additional questions you may have. Thank you for participating.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. All parties may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director, IR Susan Karlix - Manager, Investor Communications Raj Kalathur - SVP, CFO
Analysts: Timothy Thein - Citi Research Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets David Raso - Evercore ISI Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies Larry De Maria - William Blair Steven Fisher - UBS Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Mike Shlisky - Global Hunter Securities Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Sameer Rathod - Macquarie Capital Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Mig Dobre - Robert Baird Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Bank Plc
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere & Company's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings then spend some time talking about our markets and our outlook for fiscal 2015. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our Web site at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our Web site at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Susan?
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Tony. With the announcement of our first quarter results, John Deere has started out 2015 on a good note. And we did so in spite of sluggish conditions in the global farm economy, which are reducing demand for agricultural machinery, particularly for larger models. As a result, both sales and profits for our agriculture and turf equipment operations were lower for the quarter and are forecast to be down for the year as well. At the same time, our construction and forestry and financial services businesses had higher profit, showing the value of a well-rounded business lineup. Deere's results for the quarter also demonstrated the progress we've made managing costs and creating a more flexible, responsive cost structure. One other item worth emphasizing in today's earnings report is the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. It is putting significant pressure on reported sales made outside of the United States, a fact reflected in both our first quarter results and our full-year forecast. Now let's take a closer look at the first quarter in detail, beginning on Slide 3. Net sales and revenues were down 17% to $6.383 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $387 million. EPS was $1.12 in the quarter. On Slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 19% to $5.6 billion. In the quarter-over-quarter comparison of net sales, Landscapes and Water accounted for 2 points of the change; price realization in the quarter was positive by 1 point; currency translation was negative by 2 points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, let's start with agriculture and turf on Slide 5. Sales were down 27% due to lower shipment volumes of large ag equipment in the United States and Canada and lower sales in Europe and Brazil. Operating profit was $268 million. The division's decremental margin in the quarter was 35%. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at fundamentals affecting the ag business. Slide 6 outlines U.S. firm cash receipts which in spite of lower grain prices, remain at historically high levels thanks to help from record livestock receipts. As a result, we now see 2014 cash receipts at about $418 billion, up about 1% from 2013 and the highest level ever recorded. Given the record crop harvest of 2014 and consequently, the lower commodity prices we are seeing today, our 2015 forecast calls for cash receipts to be down about 6%. Of note, crop receipts for 2015 are forecast to be down about 23%, lower than the levels in 2012, which was the record. On Slide 7, global grain stocks-to-use ratios remain at somewhat sensitive levels, even after the abundant harvests of the past two years. Global grain and oilseed demand remains strong, while supplies appear to be fully adequate. Even so, unfavorable growing conditions in any key region of the world as well as unknown impacts from any geopolitical tensions, could lower production, reduce the stocks-to-use ratio and result in prices quickly moving higher. Our economic outlook for the EU28 is on Slide 8. Economic growth continues in the region, although at a slow pace. Grain prices have declined, but appear to be stabilizing at levels near the long-term average. While livestock margins remain at good levels, dairy margins are being squeezed, especially in the U.K. As a result, farm machine new demand in the EU region is expected to be lower for the year. On Slide 9 you'll see the economic fundamentals outlined for other targeted growth markets. In the CIS, increasing economic pressure and further tightening of credit availability continue to weigh on equipment sales. Notably, Western equipment manufacturers are being heavily impacted by geopolitical uncertainties. In China, the government continues its investment in ag equipment subsidies, but the growth rate has slowed. This, among other things, has led to a decrease in industry sales. Turning to India, the monsoon season rainfall was below normal which could result in lower overall agriculture output. Slide 10 illustrates the value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness in Brazil. Ag production is expected to decrease about 12% in 2015 in U.S. dollar terms, due to lower global commodity prices and the decline in the Brazilian reais. However, with the weak reais, the value of production is much more attractive in the local currency. Even with the recent drop in prices, ag fundamentals remain positive for grain, and sugar margins are expected to improve in the coming year. On balance, though, farmer confidence in Brazil is lower as a result of economic uncertainty and political concerns in the country. This is leading to lower equipment purchases despite positive ag fundamentals. Slide 11 illustrates eligible finance rates for ag equipment in Brazil. FINAME-PSI has been the primary financing source for ag producers from 2009 through 2014. For the first half of 2015, last year's favorable interest rates remain in place for the agriculture sector through the Moderfrota program. While agricultural producers are able to utilize the more attractive Moderfrota rates, construction equipment financing continues through PSI and will be subject to increased rates in 2015. Our 2015 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 12. Lower commodity prices and falling farm income are putting pressure on demand for farm equipment, especially larger models. At the same time, conditions in the livestock sector are more positive, providing support to sales of small and midsize tractors. As a result, we continue to expect industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down 25% to 30% for 2015. The EU 28 industry outlook is down about 10%, unchanged from last quarter due to lower crop prices and farm income as well as pressure on the dairy sector. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are now projected to be down 10% to 15% in 2015 mainly as a result of economic uncertainty in Brazil. This follows a 13% decline in 2014, compared with the extremely strong levels of 2013. Shifting to the CIS, we now expect industry sales to be down significantly due to economic concerns and limited credit availability. In Asia, we continue to expect sales to be down slightly. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2015, no change from our prior forecasts. Putting this all together on Slide 13, fiscal year 2015 Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment are now forecast to be down about 23%. Currency translation is now forecast to be a negative 4 points. So this outlook reflects about 1 point less volume than our prior guidance. The ag and turf division operating margin is now forecast to be about 7%. Technically, that is 1 point less than we said in our prior guidance, with the difference mainly due to foreign exchange. However, without the impact of rounding, the difference is closer to 0.5 point. Now let's focus on construction and forestry on Slide 14. Net sales were up 13% in the quarter. Operating profit was up 55%, the result of higher shipment volumes. The division's incremental margin was about 30%. Moving to Slide 15, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, the economy continues to move forward. GDP growth is improving, unemployment is falling, construction hiring is on the increase, and housing starts are expected to exceed 1 million units this year. In contrast, we are seeing weakening conditions in the energy sector and energy-producing regions. Based on these factors, Deere's construction and forestry sales forecast remains up about 5% in 2015. Currency translation is forecast to be negative by about 2 points. Global forestry markets are expected to be about flat on the heels of a 10% increase in 2014. C&F's full year operating margin is projected to be about 11%. Let's move now to our financial services operations. Slide 16 shows financial services' annualized provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio was 2 basis points at the end of January. This reflects the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. The financial forecast for 2015 now contemplates a loss provision of about 17 basis points, down about 7 basis points from our previous guidance. The year-over-year increase in the provision is a reflection of the unsustainably low loss levels of the last four years. For reference, the 10-year average is 26 basis points and the 15-year average is 43 basis points. Moving to Slide 17, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $157 million in the first quarter versus $142 million last year. 2015 net income attributable to Deere & Company is now forecast to be about $630 million. Slide 18 outlines receivables and inventory. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $1.4 billion. That was equal to 24.9% of prior 12 month sales, compared to 26.4% a year ago. The decrease, which came entirely from ag and turf is reflective of the aggressive way we have cut production in line with our 2015 outlook. We expect to end 2015 with total receivables and inventories up about $100 million, with the increase coming from the C&F division. Our 2015 guidance for cost of sales as a percent of net sales, shown on Slide 19 is about 78%, unchanged from last quarter. When modeling 2015, keep these factors in mind: price of about 2 points, favorable raw material costs, an unfavorable mix of product and Tier 4 product costs. Looking at R&D expense on Slide 20, R&D was up about 3% in the first quarter, including about 2 points of negative currency translation. Our 2015 forecast calls for R&D to be down about 1% for the full year, including about 2 points of negative currency translation. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down 16% in the first quarter, as you'll see on Slide 21. Landscapes, Water, and negative currency translation accounted for about 10 points of the change. Our 2015 forecast contemplates SA&G expense being down about 9%, with Landscapes, Water, and currency accounting for about 5 points of the change in the year-over-year comparison. Turning to Slide 22, pension and OPEB expense was up about $20 million in the quarter and is forecast to be up about $80 million in 2015. On Slide 23, the equipment operations tax rate was approximately 28% in the quarter, primarily due to discrete items. While it is not our practice to provide specifics on discrete items, we note that the R&D tax credit for 2014 was extended through the end of the calendar year. For the remainder of fiscal 2015, the projected effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34% to 36%. Slide 24 shows our equipment operations' history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations is now forecast to be about $3.3 billion in 2015. The company's second quarter financial outlook is on slide 25. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be down about 19% compared with 2014. This includes about 2 points of price realization, with unfavorable currency translation of about 4 points. Turning to Slide 26 and the full year outlook, the forecast now calls for net sales to be down about 17%. Price realization is expected to be positive by about 2 points. Currency translation is negative about 3 points. Finally, our full year 2015 net income forecast is now about $1.8 billion, a decline of approximately $100 million compared with our previous guidance. The change is primarily attributable to foreign currency translation. Now on Slide 27, there's no doubt Deere's ag business is facing a challenging year. The large ag industry in the United States and Canada defined on this slide as tractors greater than 220 horsepower and combines, is forecast to be down about 50% from 2013 levels. Yet, as Sam Allen noted in today's earnings release, our forecast reflects a level of results much better than we've experienced in previous downturns. With a 50% decline in large ag, Deere net sales are forecast to be down 22%, with net income down 49%, again from 2013 levels. This is much better than the two other recent downturns shown on the slide. Why the improvement? Because we reacted early to this pullback in the ag sector, controlling costs and assets and aligning production levels with demand. But more importantly, today's John Deere is more than a large ag company. Our 2015 outlook illustrates the power of our portfolio, with a wider range of revenue sources as well as a more durable SVA and OROA business model. As a final note, it should be stressed that Deere's future continues to hold great promise for our customers and investors. That's because the trends underlying our businesses, such as global population growth and rising living standards are very much intact and largely unaffected by swings in the farm economy. All in all, we remain confident that Deere is positioned to deliver value throughout the business cycle and to benefit from the world's increasing need for advanced equipment in the quarters and years ahead. I'll now turn the call back over to Tony.
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Susan. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure, but in consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, we will be limiting each caller to one question today. If you have additional questions we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today is from Timothy Thein from Citi Research.
Timothy Thein: Great, thanks. Good morning. My single question here is just on the ag and turf receivable and inventory guidance there. Can you maybe give some underlying color within that, the change from last forecast in terms of the large versus small ag? I'm just curious given your comments on improving dairy and livestock markets and some of the more consumer-affected markets within small ag going up, has the outlook for large ag within that guidance changed versus the prior forecast? Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Yes. I don't have a great detail, Tim, on the large versus small in terms of the ending receivables and inventory. But I would tell you generally it would not be a significant difference. Keep in mind, FX is  as you look at that line from the $375 million to the $525 million, there is some FX impact in there as well, in terms of bringing the inventory and receivables down. So as you might expect, as our overall forecast for the year has not changed significantly, at this point we really haven't made significant shifts in the ending inventory and receivables as it relates to that  as you point out the breakdown between large and small. But thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer from Vertical Research Partners.
Rob Wertheimer: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Tony Huegel: Hi, Rob.
Rob Wertheimer: Wondered if you could comment on the combine early order program and the current level of orders for row crop tractors versus retail sales and production? Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Sure. And I would say  I will go a little broader than just combines. As you think about the early order program and the order book in general, I would say that from a large perspective we would say it's kind of coming in line with what our expectations were. You have plus and minuses here and there. And that's again why you didn't see much  really any change in our outlook on the U.S. and Canada side. But combines, we did end that program in early January. And it was down roughly 30% year-over-year, which again was maybe even slightly better than what we had anticipated. And we've had some others that are going a little bit different direction. But all in all, very much in line with our expectations and you've seen that reflected in our outlook. As you think about tractors, again as you look year-over-year and I want to make sure I point out, obviously, we have much lower daily order  our daily production in our Waterloo factory on those large tractors. So on that lower production schedule, our availability on large tractors are pretty much in line with where we were last year. 8R tractors would be a little lighter. Our availability this year is in June. Keep in mind, too, last year there was some impact from Tier 4 transitions as well. But as you think about the 8R tractor, this year availability is out into June; last year it would've been a little further out into August. But 9R tractors were in early June; last year it was actually early May. So we're little further out on availability there. And on 7R tractors, again, we are very much in line. Last year was late June; this year is very early July. Again that was as of the first week in February. So again, very much in line year-over-year or very much in line with our expectations. Thank you. Next caller. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vishal Shah from Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe can you talk about how we should think about the decremental margins going forward as you are looking at the rest of the year? Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Sure. Well, as you think about from a  in the  I assume you're referring to the ag and turf division, since you are talking about decremental margin. In the first quarter, of course, the decremental margins were right at 35%. If you look at our guidance for the year with the margins around 7%, the annual guidance is going to get you very close to the same type of decremental margins. So again, you'll see some pluses and minuses perhaps in given quarters; but as you think about for the full year, roughly in line with what we were able to do in the first quarter. Okay. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Seth Weber from RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber: Hey, good morning.
Tony Huegel: Hi, Seth.
Seth Weber: Hi. The pricing outlook, up 2% for the year; you did 1% in the quarter. Can you talk about just the cadence on how you get to the 2% and whether you are seeing positive pricing in both segments? Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Sure. For the year certainly we are seeing positive pricing in both segments. In the quarter you may have noticed the note in the earnings release around incentive costs on C&F, and that's really related to an accrual in the quarter. So that will  if you look at the full year, the incentive budget as a percent of sales is basically flat year-over-year. So that accrual from the first quarter will effectively reverse itself throughout the year. And so that obviously impacted pricing for the quarter. And again, I would remind you that certainly you've got some rounding in there, too, as you move between the 1% and the 2%. So I wouldn't expect a significant change other than perhaps the impact of that accrual. 
Raj Kalathur: Hey, Seth; this is Raj. I would add that we do have some slight pressure. But overall, broadly we're still at that same 2%. But there is some slight pressure, yes.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Raso from Evercore ISI.
David Raso: Hi. I'm just trying to get a little more specific on the inventory. Did the inventory growth sequentially go as planned? I know historically the first quarter usually sees a nice build sequentially. I just would have thought, given the downturn in ag, we would have looked to take out some inventory sequentially. So can you just give us some thoughts on how inventory ended up versus your expectations? Then I have a related question to the year-end expected inventory.
Tony Huegel: Yes. We'll have to have you get back in the queue for the year-end one, unfortunately. But as it relates to the quarter, I would tell you it was very much in line with our expectations. Even in a lower production year, we are ramping up for the spring selling season, and so it's natural from the end of the year to see some level of build as we go into the first quarter in particular. So that again was very much in line. And I would point out and remind people that, yes, while we are expecting some lower production in the year, we took a dramatic amount of inventory and receivables out of the system in fourth quarter last year, which is why you didn't see a significant continued reduction this year and really more  we set up the year so that we could be more in line with that lower production. And that's what you are seeing in the inventory and receivables as we move through the year, and I think you'll see them again come back down by the end of the year, as our forecast indicates. So thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jamie Cook from Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook: Hi. Good morning and nice quarter. I guess my question relates to inventory in the channel, both on the used and the new level. Can you talk about the progress you made in the first quarter versus your expectations? And is there any change in where you want to be in year-end relative to what you originally thought? Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Yes. I think certainly a related question may be: did we see a significant benefit from Section 179 being passed at the end of the year? Certainly on the margin it was helpful. But as everyone knows, that was a  I think we had two weeks maybe at the end of the year to provide a little bit of benefit for the year. But certainly we are making progress. But used inventories in particular continue to be at high levels. I think it's important to point out, however, as we indicated last quarter, relative to competition our used inventory as a percent of sales continues to be in a much better position than the competition. So we feel like we're in good position in that regard, but certainly have a lot of work to do with our dealers in continuing to bring used inventory down as we move through the year. That will continue to be our focus, as we talked about at the beginning of the year.
Jamie Cook: All right.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi, good morning. Wondering if you can just comment a little bit on C&F. Your forecast is up 5%, but you did up 13% in the quarter. I think maybe Susan might have said you are starting to see some slowing in the energy-related markets. Does that explain some of this incentive comp that you are seeing there or just maybe a little more color on any slowing that you are seeing in those markets.
Tony Huegel: Right. I would point out, as you think about the first quarter increased sales versus the outlook, remember: as you think about the comparison for 2014, we have much tougher comps as we move through the year, especially in the third and fourth quarter. So we had a relatively light first and second quarter. And we also do have some FT 4 transition that's going to create some moves from one quarter to the other. In some cases that contributed to the very strong first quarter. So there are a lot of things along that line. As it relates to the incentives, and I mentioned this on an earlier question, I want to be clear. This isn't an increased incentive for the full year. It's really a timing issue as it relates to an accrual that was booked for some changes in some of the incentive structures that will largely reverse itself as we go through the year. In fact, you'll see a lot of that reverse in the second quarter, so it should not indicate a higher level of year-over-year incentives. In fact, as I mentioned earlier, there's  if you look at the total budget, incentives as a percent of sales are flat year-over-year for that division. So but specific to energy, certainly the expectation is that you'll start to see some slowing in terms of orders. For dealers that are in regions that are heavily impacted by energy, yes, we've seen a little bit of slowdown in replenishment orders, as one would expect, again, in those specific regions. But some of that's being offset by strength in other areas. The overall economy continues to improve and so you are seeing some strength there as well. We would tell you longer term that as you think about lower oil prices, certainly in the short-term that's going to have a negative impact on the business from an energy sector perspective. But longer term, if they stay at these levels it could have a more positive impact on the overall economy, which could help with some offsetting strength longer term in other parts of the business. So it's a little bit of give and take. But certainly in the short-term the lower oil prices would be a little bit more take than give for us, but from a longer term perspective, not necessarily a bad deal.
Stephen Volkmann: Thanks, Tony.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Larry De Maria from William Blair.
Larry De Maria: Hey, good morning. Thanks. Seems like there is a move towards leasing in the market. We're seeing some farmers even probably liquidate some of their fleets and move towards that model. Curious, what do you think that means for Deere in maybe the near and short-term  near and longer term? Are you pushing that model? And just curious what the impact is and if we should think about is this a change to your business model, and what that might mean.
Tony Huegel: Yes. I think certainly even if you looked last year we did see a little bit higher rate of leases versus retail notes in our financial services portfolio. I don't know that it necessarily has a major impact on our bottom-line longer term. I think the risk obviously shifts a little bit from a residual value perspective. But we have a lot of history that we put in play when we set those residual values on the equipment. And so I think that's the advantage we have with having a financial services organization like we do, is that we can evaluate those things both from a short-term potential and risk as well as a longer term potential, a positive as well as risk and act accordingly. And that's really what we are doing. I would not say that we're aggressively pursuing leasing necessarily. Certainly not participating in some of the very aggressive leasing programs that are rumored to be in the market and that wouldn't be our expectation going forward. But certainly for those customers who choose to lease their product versus buying it and financing through a retail note, we would be able to accommodate that through our financial services operations.
Raj Kalathur: Hey, Larry, this is Raj. Let me add that leases are still only about a tenth of our total portfolio, okay? And we are  as we have historically done, we will continue to manage our residual values very conservatively, okay?
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Larry De Maria: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Fisher from UBS.
Steven Fisher: Great. Thanks very much. Wondering how you guys are thinking about when you could see the trough year of revenues in ag and maybe how that view has changed at all in the last few months. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. I don't know that our view has changed necessarily in the last few months. I think the first and maybe the last thing I'll say on it is, it's very premature really to talk about market conditions beyond 2015. As we all know, that will largely be impacted by the upcoming growing season and it's just very, very early. That being said, as we talked about previously, if you look at and assume more normal weather patterns and we've talked about an analysis that our Chief Economist has completed. If you look at normal weather patterns, trend yields, with the expected lower acreage that most are anticipating for corn as we go into the upcoming growing season that would result in production slightly less than usage. And you would see stocks brought down and pricing being more supported. If that would transpire, we would certainly expect to see some improvement next year. Now again, that's based on assumptions of weather, and that's always risky. While we've had two very good years in a row now for growing, especially last year had pretty much ideal growing conditions that doesn't mean we won't see it again this year. And so that's the risk to the outlook. So again, we'll be watching closely as planting season approaches and what actually gets planted in terms of various crops, as well as of course as we move through the summer what happens with the growing conditions. And that will largely drive what we would expect to see as we move into 2016. So again, I'll end where I started, it's really very premature to talk about things beyond 2015.
Steven Fisher: Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning. Just building on those comments, why would you then be saying on Slide 27 that the downturn is over in 2015 and that you should be able to react quickly when the market recovers? What if the market does not recover and we get a decade like we saw in the 2000s of significantly lower equipment sales?
Tony Huegel: Certainly we would be in a position  and that's where I think if you look at how we've handled this particular downturn, as we look out into 2016 certainly  and as you point out on Slide 27, we looked at it through 2015 in terms of what our outlook is and where our performance has been relative to those past downturns. If for some reason  and again, it would be a rare occurrence that you would see a longer downturn without any kind of increase as you move into 2016. It's not  wouldn't be unprecedented, but it would be very, very rare, you would have to go back much further than the 1980s to find that kind of consistent downturn. But if that were to happen, certainly we are positioning ourselves as we move through the year such that if the downturn persists we can be in a good, strong position to be able to continue to perform well during that downturn. But also believe that we are in a good position to react quickly if we need to bring production back up and so on. One good  one example I would point out in that regard is, as you know, with our UAW contracts we have the ability to utilize inventory adjustment shutdowns or indefinite layoff. And certainly as you've noted I'm sure, we have largely utilized indefinite layoffs in our UAW facilities, our large ag facilities, versus choosing to keep a higher level of workforce and leveraging a little more heavily the inventory adjustment shutdown. So that does put us again in a bit better footing as we move towards 2016 from a workforce perspective. So while we would argue, if you wanted to play percentages, that there is probably a greater likelihood that 2015 would be the lowest year and again, recognizing there is always that risk that we could see a further downturn  we aren't playing that risk internally in how we are managing the businesses, with full assumption that we'll see that return in 2016. So we're playing it conservatively internally even though we are optimistic as we look forward. Okay? Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Andy Casey from Wells Fargo Securities, LLC.
Andy Casey: Good morning. Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Hi, Andy.
Andy Casey: Question for you, I wanted to follow up on the construction and forestry, given your comment about reasonably easy comps continuing into Q2. Does your guidance embed any year-to-year declines in the second half?
Tony Huegel: Well, I think as you go through the year, I mean certainly  and again, I would point out and probably should have mentioned before remember, as you think about first quarter, the other thing I would point out is first quarter does tend to be a seasonally light quarter relative to the others. But yes, you are certainly looking at some tougher comparisons. Fourth quarter in particular was a very strong quarter for that division. So I'm not going to get too specific in terms of quarter-by-quarter, but that one in particular I would point out will be a particularly tough compare for the division.
Andy Casey: Okay. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Shlisky from Global Hunter Securities.
Mike Shlisky: Good morning.
Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Mike Shlisky: Good morning. I was wondering if you can maybe update us on the Certified Pre-Owned program. I know you just said it's just very recently. But perhaps on the original categories that are covered, tell us whether you plan to expand that to some additional categories going forward.
Tony Huegel: Yes. You stole some of my thunder by pointing out that we had added the sprayer, which I think is an indication and again, that was a pull really from our dealer organization requesting that. So I think that alone indicates the confidence they have in the program. I do want to make sure we clarify as we talk about this, we do not want to characterize the Certified Pre-Owned program as some sort of silver bullet. But it certainly is beneficial, especially as our dealers look to market some of this newer used John Deere equipment, in a lot of cases marketing against brand-new competitive equipment. And that's really the biggest strength that the Certified Pre-Owned program provides. I think our dealers are embracing that. It's growing, and I think there is a fair amount of confidence from the dealer organization around this being a very useful tool for them. So again, I think all very positive signs as we move forward with that program. As far as other products being added, I think it would be premature to talk about that; but certainly if that's an area where our dealers feel that it would be beneficial to them that would certainly be something we would consider in conjunction with them. Thank you.
Mike Shlisky: Okay.
Tony Huegel: Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Eli Lustgarten from Longbow Securities.
Eli Lustgarten: Good morning, everyone.
Tony Huegel: Hello.
Eli Lustgarten: Can we talk  go back one more time to the C&F outlook and much easier comparison second quarter and it should get tougher in the third and fourth quarter. Two questions are, one, can you maintain the profitability numbers in the second half of the year that you will average in the first half of the year, or do they begin to weaken? And an associate with it, you indicated that your inventories and stuff are mostly going up because of C&F. Would you begin to rethink your C&F inventories and maybe want to trim them, particularly if the energy market gets softer? And can you add, what percent of your business is related to the energy markets in C&F?
Tony Huegel: Sure. Yes. I think in answer to the first part of the question  that was very creative in adding two questions into one, but -- 
Eli Lustgarten: Right, we try.
Tony Huegel: Certainly, we talked about 10% margins in the first quarter and I'll note that for the full year it's 11%, so 1 point higher. And again, I want to be clear. It's not that sales are expected to fall off in the back half of the year. It's just the year-over-year comparison. So the growth year-over-year is what would be challenged as we go through the year. So I think that's probably the key there as you think about that. From an energy perspective, certainly in recent years that's been a stronger portion of our business, a strong portion of the industry. We've seen a lot of strength in the energy business across the industry. We would tell you, if you look at the machines that go directly into things like pipeline, oil, gas, fracking, those sorts of things, we would estimate roughly 10% to 15% -- again, in recent years. Deere would not be out of line from where the industry was in that regard. But I would also point out that in those regions that are heavily influenced by energy, you have the residual impact as well on the overall economy, in other types of construction that occurs in support of the strength of energy, so in terms of overall business, for some could be a bit heavier than that. So that would be our view on that. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ross Gilardi from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ross Gilardi: Good morning. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Ross Gilardi: Hey, Tony, I was just wondering, have you gotten any more color on the size of the credit line under the Moderfrota program for Brazil, because this program had become pretty trivial over the last three to five years. Is it really sort of fair to say that rates are going to be  are flat with where they were last year, given you're comparing Moderfrota to FINAME? Is the program actually getting tapped and are approvals happening? Is it active right now?
Tony Huegel: Yes. I think what my understanding is, as we speak with our sales group there in-country, is that the financing is available for Moderfrota. Again, because there was financing in place, set up in place, that wasn't being utilized in the early part of their fiscal year. So the second half of calendar 2014. So again, we believe that there's certainly available credit. People are beginning to utilize the Moderfrota program. Really, if you think about differences between the two to be fair, rates are the same as you switch to Moderfrota, but there is a slightly higher down payment. Under PSI last year it would have been zero percent down payment and it's 10% under Moderfrota. So there is a slightly higher down payment. But from a funding perspective, at least through the middle of the year, which is where we have the rates available, the belief is that there will be adequate funding for that.
Ross Gilardi: Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Adam Uhlman from Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman: Yes. Hi, guys. Good morning.
Tony Huegel: Hello.
Adam Uhlman: Can we circle back to the small ag products in the U.S. and your outlook there? I know you mentioned weaker dairy markets over in Europe, but there wasn't any comment to dairy and livestock conditions here in the U.S. So could you maybe just talk about what you've been seeing in the order trends for that product and if you've changed your outlook at all?
Tony Huegel: Yes. I think certainly as you go through 2014 and as we go into 2015, I would say overall for livestock our view would be  and of course as we've talked about before, we do use Informa Economics as an external consultant. And their views would be consistent in that livestock profitability generally is expected to continue through 2015. There are a couple areas where you will see some margins compressing a bit. Dairy would be one area I would point out that as the herd expanded through 2015, you're likely to see some squeezing of margin. Today, they would be close to breakeven, roughly, but still slightly profitable. Poultry again coming off of very strong margins last year. We believe those strong margins will continue through the first half of the year. But production is up and so that's a part of the industry that can recover fairly quickly and so we would expect to see perhaps some margin squeezing there. And pork of course, again we would expect to see some growth in the herd and some reduction as we move through the year. Second half in particular could be a challenge from a margin perspective there. So we are seeing some squeezing there. Beef, of course that takes a while to rebuild herds. So profitability is expected to still be relatively strong, especially for cow/calf producers. And so overall we're still looking at small ag, which tends to be a little more closely tied to livestock to be relatively strong versus certainly large ag as we move through 2015, again, coming off of some pretty strong years for livestock producers. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sameer Rathod from Macquarie Capital.
Sameer Rathod: Hello and good morning.
Tony Huegel: Hello.
Sameer Rathod: Could you expand a little bit on the competitive landscape and what it looks like, given the current downturn and how the dealers are doing just given the competition? Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Yes. I would simply say I would go back to inventory levels. Our dealers are very, very strong, very capable. We've proven that time and time again. And we entered this downturn with inventories, while we would tell you a little higher than we would like in used in much better position than the competition. So we feel very good about the competitive position that we're in and feel confident that, like in other downturns, we'll come through this  both Deere and our dealers will come through this much stronger on the back end. And again, I am referring specifically to North America which I'm assuming is where your question was directed so. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jerry Revich from Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich: Good morning.
Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Jerry Revich: I am wondering if you can talk about for John Deere Capital Corp., really good credit loss provision performance. Can you just give us a more color on trends and frequency of repossessions, severity of losses, for instance, delinquency rates? I know we haven't approached it in the past on prior calls. But now that it's a third of the earnings here I am wondering if you could just give some additional color on those indicators.
Tony Huegel: Yes. I think the short answer there is certainly we aren't seeing any kind of spike in losses. Our residuals, we talked earlier about leases. We've tended to be relatively conservative with leases. And so again we are really nothing cautionary on that at this point in time. But to be fair, it is a little early in the sense that many of our annual payments are coming due today and so we'll have probably better guidance on that topic as we move into second quarter.
Raj Kalathur: This is Raj. Let me add a couple of points there. We watch this very carefully. There are a couple of small revolving products that we offer. One is a seasonal pay. So last fall we did not see anything that would indicate additional caution, although we are in a cautionary environment, we are watching it carefully. Another would be a monthly pay, more like a credit card. Even there we watch that carefully, like Tony said. We haven't seen anything that would raise a red flag for us yet.
Jerry Revich: Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mig Dobre from Robert Baird.
Mig Dobre: Yes, good morning. Just going back to A&T again, decremental margin performance there has been pretty good versus our expectations at least at about 35%. I understand that that's your guidance for the full year as well. But I am wondering. Based on everything you know of the cost structure, how should we think about this longer term? Especially if, say for instance, ag declines continue into 2016?
Tony Huegel: Yes. Certainly we would continue to  that's a tough want to answer, candidly, as you think about that. But if you would anticipate further reductions, obviously we would evaluate that. We would continue to look for ways we could pull costs out and keep those margins in positive territory. We've talked a lot about the lever studies we have and plans that we have in place to make sure we do that as we move down the line. Now certainly, we are well down the line, especially if you think about large ag, but that doesn't mean that as you continue down the line you don't find additional levers that you can pull. The best example I would point out to that is in our C&F division in 2009. We certainly went to levels that were far lower than what most would have anticipated they could have gone and additional levers were pulled in that regard in order to try to compensate for that. So we would  again, as we look into 2016 we're trying to position ourselves for whatever the market brings and we'll make further changes as we need to.
Raj Kalathur: And Mig, this is Raj. It also depends on the products, okay? So depending on which product line is impacted, more or less, if it's large ag the impact is going to be different than with small ag.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Nicole DeBlase from Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks for fitting me in, guys. So my question is just around used equipment pricing. I don't think we've touched on this subject yet. Can you comment on what you've seen quarter to date, how it compares with last quarter, and if you are seeing any increased competition from the other guys out there as everyone in the industry is looking to move inventory?
Tony Huegel: Yes. So far it's actually not a bad story, it's a pretty good story. As you look at  and again, looking at large ag in the U.S. and Canada, I would tell you product by product it's plus or minus single-digit. There are some that are  again, this is year-over-year pricing. In some cases, you're going to see some small single digits of actually improved pricing year-over-year and in some cases you're going to see some small single digits of lower. So I would argue all in all relatively flattish, but recognizing that some products are stronger than others.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller. And this will be our last caller. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Andrew Kaplowitz from Barclays Bank Plc.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Tony Huegel: Good morning. Thank you.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Tony, I just wanted to push you on decremental margins this year a little bit more. You did 35%, which I think previous callers have said that's pretty good that beat our estimate. And that was on relatively large mix headwind that you talked about in the past, in combines especially and the big destock year-over-year. So why would decrementals be similar for the rest of the year? Was there some conservatism in that? Can you still push G&A as you have done consistently?
Tony Huegel: Yes. Well, I think some of that, Andy, as you think about going into the back half of the year, remember, we were pulling levers in the back half of the year of 2014, as we started to see this further reduction coming. And so it does get a bit more difficult in terms of some of the comps. And as you think about SA&G, I would tell you it's the same thing from an SA&G reduction comparison as what I talked about with C&F sales. It becomes more challenging as you go through the year. So certainly, as you put together a forecast, there are a lot of assumptions in there and certainly we try to put our best estimates that we can in that regard. So some of the big questions candidly too, will be what continues to happen with material costs. We've seen some positive move there which has certainly helped at least in the short-term. And if those lower costs, especially in things like steel, if oil prices remain at low levels that flows through not just our logistics but a lot of other oil-related type of inputs. And that certainly would be beneficial as well. So we'll just have to see where those things go. But at this point we are forecasting similar decrementals for the year as what we've seen in the first quarter.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you very much and with that we'll bring our call to a close. We do appreciate your participation on the call and as always we'll be available the rest of the day to answer any additional questions you may have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-11-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director of Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager of Investor Communications Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Steven Fisher - UBS David Raso - Evercore ISI Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Mircea Dobre - Robert Baird Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Deere and Company's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thanks, Laura. Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today we'll take a closer look at Deere's fourth quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our initial outlook for fiscal 2015. After that we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and NASDAQ OMX. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Susan?
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Tony. With today's announcement of our fourth quarter results, John Deere completed another year of solid performance. We did so in spite of weaker conditions in the global farm sector, particularly in the sale of large farm machinery. In response to this situation, we moved aggressively. We re-streamed costs. We reduced assets. And we realized the benefit of having a broad-based business lineup. As a result, Deere was able to deliver strong results, including our second best year ever in terms of net income. We also maintained our sound financial condition, generated healthy levels of cash flow and returned some $3.5 billion to investors in dividends and share repurchases. All in all, it was another good year, one in which the company further demonstrated its commitment to disciplined operations and the resilience of its business model. Now let's take a closer look at the fourth quarter in detail beginning on Slide 3. Net sales and revenues were down 5% to $8.965 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $649 million. EPS was $1.83 in the quarter. On Slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 7% to $8 billion. In the quarter-over-quarter comparison of net sales, Landscapes and Water accounted for 4 points of the change. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 1 point. Currency translation was a negative 1 point. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, let's start with Agriculture & Turf on Slide 5. Sales were down 13%, primarily due to lower shipment volumes of large ag equipment in the United States and Canada. Operating profit was $682 million. In addition to volume, margins in the quarter were negatively impacted by lower production in our factories. Output hours in the large ag equipment factories were down, depending on the factory, anywhere from 35% to 55%. This illustrates the aggressive manner in which we stepped on the brakes during the quarter to allowing production with reduced order volumes. Product mix, product costs primarily related to engine emission regulations, warranty costs and an impairment charge for our China operations were other factors impacting margins in the quarter. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at fundamentals affecting the ag business. Slide 6 outlines US farm cash receipts which in spite of lower grain prices remained at historically high levels, thanks to help from record livestock receipts. As a result, our forecast calls for 2014 cash receipts to be about $413 billion, up about 1% from 2013, which would be the highest level ever recorded. Given the record grain yield of 2014 and lower commodity prices going forward, our forecast calls for cash receipts to be down about 5% in 2015. Of note, although livestock receipts remain at high levels, crop receipts for 2015 are forecast to be down about 17% lower than 2012 crop receipt record. On Slide 7, global grain stocks-to-use ratios remain at somewhat sensitive levels even after abundant harvest. Global grain and oil seed demand remains strong, while supplies appear to be adequate. Even so, unfavorable growing conditions in any key region of the world as well as unknown impacts from any geopolitical tensions could lower production, reduce the stocks-to-use ratio and result in prices quickly moving higher. Our economic outlook for the EU28 is on Slide 8. Economic growth continues in the region, albeit at a slow pace. With feed costs easing, beef prices strong and milk prices at good levels, margins remain supportive for livestock and dairy farmers. However, grain prices have declined and dairy margins are expected to tighten, resulting in a decrease in 2015 farm income. As a result, farm machinery demand in the EU region is expected to be lower for the year. On Slide 9, you'll see the economic fundamentals outlined for other targeted growth markets. In the CIS, declining economic growth and further tightening of credit availability continue to weigh on equipment sales. Notably, western equipment manufacturers are being heavily impacted by geopolitical uncertainties. In China, economic growth is slower than expected. The Chinese government continues to increase its investment in ag equipment subsidies, but the growth rate has slowed. This among other things has led to a decrease in industry sales. Turning to India, positive sentiments surrounding the new government continues. However, the monsoon season rainfall was below normal, which could result in lower overall agriculture output. Slide 10 illustrates the value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agri business in Brazil. The information on this slide has changed from what we have presented in the past. Crops included in the value of ag production are now more closely aligned to those that have the largest impact on our business, namely soybeans, sugar, corn, ethanol, cotton, rice and wheat. We are no longer including crops like coffee and fruits. Additionally, we are now showing the value of ag production in US dollars rather than the local currency. Ag production is expected to decrease about 14% in 2015 in dollar terms due to lower global commodity prices. Keep in mind however with the weak real, the value is much more attractive in the local currency. Even with the recent drop in prices, ag fundamental remain positive for grains and sugar margins are expected to improve in the coming year. Our 2015 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 11. Although the ag economy remains in a relatively healthy state, lower commodity prices and farm income are putting pressure on demand for farm equipment, especially larger models. At the same time, conditions in the livestock sector are more positive, providing support to sales of mid and smaller-sized tractors. As a result, we expect industry sales in the United States and Canada to be down 25% to 30% for 2015. The EU28 industry outlook is down about 10% due to lower crop prices and farm incomes as well as potential pressure on the dairy sector. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be down about 10% in 2015 as a result of the headwinds affecting agricultural producers. This follows a 13% decline in 2014 compared with the extremely strong levels of 2013. Shifting to the CIS, we expect industry sales to further deteriorate with western ag equipment manufacturers feeling the most impact due to geopolitical issues and resulting restrictions on credit availability. In Asia, sales are projected to be down slightly. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the US and Canada are projected to be flat to up 5% in 2015. Putting this all together on Slide 12, fiscal year 2015 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be down about 20%. The Ag & Turf division operating margin is forecast to be about 8% in 2015 due to lower shipment volumes and a less favorable product mix as large ag machinery shipments declined. Before moving to Construction & Forestry, I want to stress Ag & Turf sales were down 9% in 2014 and are anticipated to be down another 20% in 2015. In relation to our structure line, that would bring sales down to what we consider trough levels, with the division operating at less than 80% of normal volumes. Now let's focus on to Construction & Forestry on Slide 13. Net sales were up 23% in the quarter. Operating profit was up 93%, the result of higher shipment volumes and lower SA&G expenses as the division continues to cut costs. The division's incremental margin was about 31%. Moving to Slide 14, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, the economy continues to move forward. GDP growth is improving. Unemployment is falling and construction hiring is on the increase. Housing starts are slowly ramping up. Home inventories are low and lot shortages exist. Based on these factors, Deere's Construction & Forestry sales are forecast to be up about 5% in 2015. Global forestry markets are expected to be about flat on the heels of a 10% increase in 2014. C&F's full year operating margin is projected to be about 11%. Let's move now to our Financial Services operations. Slide 15 shows Financial Services provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio at the end of the year was 9 basis points. This reflects the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. Our financial forecast for 2015 contemplates a loss provision of about 24 basis points. The increased provision is a reflection of the unsustainably low loss levels of the last four years. Even with the increase being forecast, losses would remain below the 10-year average of 26 basis points and well below the 15-year average of 43 basis points. Moving to Slide 16, Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $172 million in the fourth quarter versus $157 million last year. 2014 net income attributable to Deere & Company was $624 million. The 2015 forecast is about $610 million. Slide 17 outlines receivables and inventory. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the year down $1.2 billion. That was equal to 22.7% of prior 12-month sales compared to 24.8% a year ago. The decrease, which came entirely from Ag & Turf, is reflective of the aggressive way we have cut production in line with our 2015 outlook. We expect to end 2015 with total receivables and inventory up about $400 million, with the increase coming from the C&F division. Our 2015 guidance for cost of sales as a percent of net sales shown on Slide 18 is about 78%. When modeling 2015, keep these factors in mind: price of about 2 points as well as an unfavorable mix of product as we discussed earlier and tier-4 product cost. Now let's look at a few housekeeping items. Looking at R&D expense on Slide 19, R&D was up about 2% in the fourth quarter and down about 2% for the year. Our 2015 forecast calls for R&D to be about flat with 2014 levels. Moving now to Slide 20, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down about 14% in the fourth quarter and down 12% for the full year. Landscapes and Water accounted for about 9 points of the change in the fourth quarter and about 8 points for the year. On Slide 21, our 2015 forecast contemplates SA&G expense being down about 5%. Landscapes and Water will account for about 2 points of the change in the year-over-year comparison. Turning to Slide 22, pension and OPEB expense was down about $20 million for the quarter and down about $145 million for the full year. Pension and OPEB expense is forecast to be up about $85 million in 2015. On Slide 23, the equipment operations tax rate was approximately 40% in the fourth quarter primarily due to the impairment charge for our China operations mentioned earlier. The full year 2014 tax rate was about 34%. For 2015, the projected effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34% to 36%. Slide 24 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from the equipment operations was approximately $4.5 billion in 2014 and is forecast to be about $2.9 billion in 2015. Slide 25 outlines our use of cash priorities, which are unchanged and of no doubt familiar to many of you. Our number one priority is to manage the balance sheet including liquidity to support a rating that provides access to low-cost and readily available short and long-term funding. Thus Deere is strongly committed to its A rating. Our second use of cash priority is funding value-creating investments in our operations. Our third priority is to provide for the common stock dividend, which has been raised 114% since 2010. Over time, we want to consistently deliver a series of moderately increased dividends, while targeting at mid-cycle earnings, 25% to 35% payout ratio on average. In this regard, we are mindful of the importance of maintain the dividend and not raising it beyond a point that can't be sustained by our cash flow. Share repurchase is our preferred method of deploying excess cash once the previous requirements are met and as long as such repurchase is value enhancing. In 2014, Deere repurchased 31.5 million shares at a cost of $2.7 billion, the highest on record. Cumulatively, from 2004 to 2014, we have returned about 60% of cash from the equipment operations to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. The 2015 outlook for the first quarter and full year is on Slide 26. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be down about 21% compared with 2014. This includes price realization of 2 points. In the year-over-year comparison of first quarter sales, Landscapes and Water account for about 2 points of the change. When modeling the first quarter, keep in mind that ag division will see a considerable decrease in volume in addition to an unfavorable product and geographical mix versus the first quarter of 2014. The full year forecast calls for net sales to be down about 15%. Price realization is expected to be positive by about 2 points. Finally, our full year 2015 net income forecast is about $1.9 billion. In closing, there is no question John Deere faces challenging conditions in 2015. Yet, even with a further pull-back in the global agricultural sector, the company expects to remain solidly profitable in the year ahead. Our earnings forecast reflects the aggressive actions we are taking to control costs and assets and make deep cuts in factory production. And it shows a benefit of having a business lineup that is about more than large farm equipment. And one other thing, the trends that hold so much promise for John Deere's future translates on population growth, rising living standards and increased demand for grain remain very much intact. They are largely unaffected by the periodic ups and downs of the farm economy. As a result, we believe John Deere can earn solid returns even in a weak farm economy, deliver financial performance much improved over downturns of the past and see substantial benefits from the world's growing need for food, shelter and infrastructure in the years ahead. Tony?
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Susan. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. But as a reminder, in consideration of others, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow-up. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Laura?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz. Please state your company name.
Andrew Kaplowitz: This is Barclays, nice quarter. Tony, so Susan talked about your FY '15 guidance being as your definition of trough levels. But can you talk about your condition level that the market won't go below trough, given a relatively strong upturn we've had over the last several years? Is it because you see Europe and Brazil at very low levels, or do you think North American high horsepower will trough in FY '15?
Tony Huegel: As Susan mentioned, as you think about the way we view the business and the below 80% and as you're aware, that would put us below trough levels as we tend to be the business running generally between 80 and 120. As you think about the obvious question how long will it last, will things get worse, first of all, let's be fair, it is a bit premature to think about what will happen beyond 2015. But in some of the analysis that's been done internally specifically around from our Chief Economist and again we continue to believe that farm cash receipt is the best indicator of sales in the US and Canada and specifically for large ag it would be tied much more closely to crop cash receipts, which we've seen come down quite a bit recently. But our Chief Economist had pointed out that much of that increase in the US corn stocks that we've seen is related to a bulk normal weather, and that's resulted in yield really well in excess of trend. If you look out into 2015 and 2016, so the crop that will be planted this spring, if you assume trend yield, so just normal weather, not above normal weather, but normal weather trend yield, assume demand continues at same pace as 2015, so no increase in demand, holding demand solid, even if you assume acreage stays the same, you would see a drawdown in US corn carryovers as a result of that. The demand would outpace the production. And of course, as you're probably aware, most analysts now expect US corn farmers to reduce acreage somewhat next year. So if you assume smaller acreage trend yield, that would be very supportive of both corn prices and would likely boost cash receipts.
Raj Kalathur: You've been talking about the end market demand for commodities. That has been growing strongly since '96. And if you look at corn prices are very sensitive at low stocks-to-use ratio levels. And we are talking about even in the '14/'15 period about sub-15% stock-to-use ratio levels. And as Tony said, at trend yields, it is hard to see how our current large ag forecast for fiscal 2015 can last several years, let alone get worse, unless and again our Chief Economist would say, unless we can predict very good rally years continuously for multiple years.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Can you talk about your share buyback activity? You obviously stepped it up in the quarter quite a bit. But how should we think about it in 2015, given the lower free cash flow you're going to have? It still seems like you have relatively good flexibility on your balance sheet to keep your A rating, given the strong free cash flow in 4Q. But can you talk about your ability to do more in 2015?
Raj Kalathur: First, 2015 operating cash flows are still pretty strong. And as you know, Andy, our use of cash priorities, they are well articulated. We remain committed to these priorities. And of course, for share repurchases, it is a use of excess cash. And for that, we desire for repurchases to be value enhancing for our long-term shareholders. So we are mindful of the current share price relative to our intrinsic value. Now share repurchase decision will continue to be made with these factors in mind. And if you look at 2004 through '14, 60% of equipment operations operating cash flow was returned to shareholders either via dividends or share repurchases. And over an extended period of time, we expect to continue returning this level of cash to shareholders.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Volkmann. Please state your company name.
Steve Volkmann: It's Jefferies. I'm wondering if we can just get a little more kind of near term and granular here. Can you just talk about what you're seeing with respect to whatever order reports you might have used as you thought about your forecast for 2015? And I guess I'm trying to think about how much visibility you actually have into this and maybe you can sort of loop in the kind of used equipment question at the same time.
Tony Huegel: As you look at the early order programs that we based the forecast on, again these would relate to large ag equipment except for large tractors, so things like combines, sprayers, planters, tillage equipment. We've certainly seen a reduction, but keep in mind also that we have seen a number of changes year-over-year in these programs. So if you think about combines, last year we had an early order window ahead of the typical early order program related to tier-4 transitions. Sprayers also were impacted by transitions. Planters we had a fast start program, so again kind of an extra early order window. So there are a lot of differences year-over-year. But given that we look at early November, most programs are down 40% or more on the early order program. That again is not making any adjustments for those year-over-year differences where we saw some more aggressive orders early on with these products. But those are types of numbers that we're seeing. Certainly tractors, as you look at availability on large tractors, that's a bit more challenging, because there we have a significant different year-over-year in our daily build rate. And so availability isn't necessarily that significantly different. The biggest difference would really be on our 8R wheeled tractors. But outside of that, availability is pretty consistent year-over-year. But again, to be fair, that's on lower daily run rates. If you think about used equipment, certainly as you come through a period, and we talked about this quite a lot, of very strong sales, that's going to result in high levels of used equipment. And certainly we continue to face that. We are working with our dealers to improve and we continue to improve the used equipment management. We talked last quarter about the certified preowned program that was launched in August. That certain gained some traction and helping with the situation. But to be candid, we're still facing higher levels of used equipment than what we would desire moving into a year like we are in 2015. But I think in the past, our dealers have demonstrated their ability to move that equipment through the system and certainly we have pool funds in place to help facilitate that as well. Probably most importantly, as you look at pricing year-over-year, through the year we saw some reduction. We're starting to lap some of that production a bit and saw prices come down a bit in the year. We're starting to lap some of those lower prices. So most of the large ag equipment, you're plus or minus a single digit in terms of year-over-year pricing. So it has moderated at this point at lease for Deere. We would tell you at least intelligence we show would indicate that our pricing and our inventory levels are in much better shape than the competition.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Fisher. Please state your company name.
Steven Fisher: It's UBS. Just curious how you guys approached the guidance this year. I think a lot of investors are interested in your perspective as to whether it should be considered conservative, because I think you've been conservative historically, but at the same time there were still some surprises this past year on ag. Just curious for any additional color you might be able to provide on your approach.
Tony Huegel: As you think about next year, obviously depending on the market that you're talking about, you have more or less visibility. Kind of going back to Steve Volkmann's previous question, as you think about large ag in the US and Canada, however, while we don't have full visibility at this point, we certainly have a much better visibility in this market for that large ag equipment than we would in any of our other markets through our early order programs, the availability on large factors, those sorts of things. And I would tell you that our forecast is very much in line with those expectations. To your point, there's always risk, but we would attempt at this point in the year to come out with what our best estimate is for the market based on what we're seeing in our order books and what we're hearing from dealers and customers.
Raj Kalathur: I would add that the way we're preparing for it is pretty aggressive in terms that we're preparing for a greater fall in ag than what may actually happen. And again, the philosophy if at the end the ag end markets prove to be more resilient and positive, it should be easier for us to walk up with the market. And if you look at what we're doing in terms of pulling levers, as you heard in Susan's comments, we are pulling levers pretty aggressively whether it is on the expense side, SA&G. If you look at what our forecast was in 2014 at the beginning of the year, 4% down to at the end of the year in 2014 12% and '15 it's going to be further 5% down. And inventory receivables even at the end of the third quarter, we said we'll be down about $300 million. We were actually down $1.2 billion. And that should show we are actually pulling levers pretty hard on expenses, costs and assets and you can go on with capital expenditures, you'll see a similar trend. Every agricultural unit is executing our plans to walk down the line. Look at the large ag units, they're implementing crop plants. So we are aggressively reacting to it.
Steven Fisher: And then just a follow-up on the used inventories question. I know you mentioned, Tony, that maybe they are not coming down as quickly as you'd like. So I guess to what extent do you think dealers need further incentives to help sell that used equipment and to what extent is Deere considering stepping up to provide those incentives?
Tony Huegel: As you know, Steve, we have implemented, especially as it relates to large equipment, a pool fund strategy that's been in place for a number of years now that would provide the incentives that we believe our dealers need to move this equipment. And so we do continue to monitor the level of pool funds available to dealers. We think they're still at supportive levels. And so in terms of for us when we move into these lower end-markets, you wouldn't see us necessarily with higher incentive costs related to this, because again theoretically the pool funds are there and already available for our dealers to move this equipment based on what we've contributed with the new equipment sales that have driven the use. So I would say I wouldn't anticipate higher overall incentive budget as you move year-to-year other than what's natural. You'll naturally see a little bit higher percentage as you move into lower end-markets, but you won't see a huge increase or really much of an increase at all in used incentives necessarily.
Operator: The next question comes from David Raso. Please state your company name.
David Raso: Evercore ISI. A question on the C&F segment. I'm just trying to think through the recent growth rates. You're implying strong incremental margins for next year and you're also implying your inventory and receivables to go up $775 million. That all sounds like a positive view on that market. But then you give a 5% topline for the segment. Can you square up that kind of inventory and receivable build, but only assuming 5% for your own growth?
Tony Huegel: That's a great question and glad you mentioned it, because it does look on the surface like field inventories and our inventories are going up pretty dramatically at least relative to the sales level. What I would tell you there is there have been some changes in some of the wholesale terms on C&F and really they're changes that better align us to the market. As a result of that, we believe that will result in a little bit higher level of receivable. In fact, most of that increase, the vast majority of that increase is actually receivables. But I want to stress that not a huge increase in the field inventory levels is really a difference in what gets financed with John Deere financial versus maybe some other outside financing entities.
David Raso: And then lastly, it's the end of the year on ag. Can you help us with North American dealer inventory? I know you look at used inventory at the dealers as a percent of their trailing 12-month sales. Can you give us some metrics so we can benchmark throughout the year, like where do you feel you are now and where do you plan to exit the year when you give us this inventory receivable type number for the company of down $375 million? On a production basis, do you feel you will be setting up your dealers to exit 2015 with the appropriate inventory levels?
Tony Huegel: That would always be our intention. In fact, I would point out we had very large decrease, especially in the fourth quarter, as we pulled back on production. So a lot of what maybe some had anticipated in lower receivables and inventory in 2015 actually happened in early 2014, which builds a little bit to the cash flow story in the sense of some pointed out the lower cash flow in '15. But remember, we ended '14 $500 million higher than what we had been forecasting, and that was all driven by a greater reduction in inventory and receivables than what we had been forecasting. So we've done a lot of work already, but certainly has some additional work as we move through the year. So absolutely we would expect to have our dealers in good shape from an inventory perspective as we exit 2015. We think we're in pretty decent shape today as it relates to that. In fact if you look in the appendix of the slide, we do talk about some of our inventory as it relates to row crop tractors and combines. Generally as you know, our large ag equipment, we tend to be about half of what the rest of the industry would have as a percent of sales. We ended this year at 6% the end of October 6% of trailing 12-month sales. We don't have the October data yet for industry, but if you look at the September data, the rest of the industry will be almost six times the level of inventory we would have on combines at the end of October. And I recognize you get a month of difference there. So I'm assuming that you haven't pulled back their inventory during the month of October. But that's a significant difference and one that we would expect to continue to maintain.
David Raso: But on the used side, I think that's clearly the issue, right? Obviously a dealer is telling you to take the used trade in. So his comfort with his used is probably as important as anything right now going into trying to think through '15 going into '16. Is there any metric you can give us, some sense of dealer used to trailing 12-month sales was, whatever the number was at, say, "the peak", three, four, five months ago, where is it now and where do you expect to be in '15?
Tony Huegel: Unfortunately, we'd never disclose that. We would be higher in the bands and certainly would be looking to move those inventory levels toward the bottom end of the band. And unfortunately, I just can't share much more than that. From a competitive perspective, we don't share those details.
Operator: The next question comes from Nicole DeBlase. Please state your company name.
Nicole DeBlase: It's Morgan Stanley. So my question is around the Sinko. It looks like you guys are only projecting like a 3% year-on-year decline in Sinko net income during 2015. So I'm just curious with ag down so much, how you're maintaining net income year-on-year and is it possible that we could see a lag impact of this where Sinko net income starts to fall more in 2016?
Tony Huegel: As we talked about, certainly there is a little bit of a lag factor in terms of how lower sales would impact the portfolio of John Deere Financial. In fact next year, we would be expecting some increase in the portfolio even with these kinds of decreases. So as you think about the average life of the note generally is around three years, even though they're five-year notes in most cases, but you'd have an average of about three years. So there is again that kind of tail, as those high sales years continue to benefit the portfolio. I would also point out that as you think about the slope, and we talked about our structure line, of the structure line for John Deere Financial is much flatter, but you don't tend to see even as you move in and out of cycles as dramatic of an impact on their returns as you go through the cycle. So while you could argue if you're going to assume lower portfolio growth or reduction in the portfolio, you'd see some lower income. You wouldn't expect to see the type of magnitude that you see on the equipment side.
Nicole DeBlase: And then my second question is Section 179, what have you guys embedded in the outlook? Are you expecting reinstatement?
Tony Huegel: Not in our outlook. So just as we said in recent conversations, we continue to assume that they're in our forecasting, we're assuming that there is no extension of the tax incentive. Now at the same time, we would also continue to tell you that we believe the odds still favor an acceptable resolution. Candidly next week will be very telling in terms of whether that will happen this calendar year or whether that's something that will happen in the 2015.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Cook. Please state your company name.
Jamie Cook: Credit Suisse. I guess just two questions, one on the pricing front. I think you said about 2%. I know you don't like to disclose what your assumptions are in ag versus construction. I am assuming you'll assume you'll get some pricing on the ag side. Given the severity of the market, can you just talk about your comfort level? And would you be willing to maintain price even at the risk of losing market share? And then my second question is, I think the implied decrementals on the ag business is like 35%, 40%. Can you just talk about the cadence? Should the first half be much worse, or do we normalize to that level as we exit the year?
Tony Huegel: As you think about pricing into next year, and I would point out both Ag & Turf and Construction & Forestry are contributing to that number. So they're both positive. We would tell you that certainly we feel pretty confident in the forecast that we have with the price realization. And keep in mind, as you look back over the last decade, it's actually been closer to 3%, actually a little over 3% on average. So we are recognizing a little bit lower level of price realization than what we've seen in the last decade or so on average.
Jamie Cook: But for example, on the fourth quarter, I think you only got 1%, right? So I don't know if that's reflective of the market got much weaker.
Tony Huegel: Keep in mind, with tier-4 transitions and so on, some of that is about timing year-over-year of when those hit in terms of the price increases. Generally we would just now start seeing our price increases being effective 1 November. A year ago, you could have seen some products with some earlier price as we moved through the year. In fact, as we talked about the 8R and 7R tractors, we took a short-term price increase and then another bump when we went to final tier-4 as one example. So sometimes the timing of those will impact the year-over-year quarter. So I wouldn't imply anything by that 1% in the fourth quarter being reflective of lower as we move forward. As you think about the decremental, certainly as we talked about and Susan strongly hinted at it in her opening comments, remember that in our first quarter in particular, we have a very difficult compare with the first quarter of 2014. I think we talked about it actually on the last quarter call as well. Because of tier-4 transitions, we shipped a fair number of more combines in particular in the first quarter last year than what we typically would. And that is obviously not going to repeat itself this year. And so it will be a difficult comp. And I would argue that you should expect the decrementals to reflect that in the first quarter for sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich. Please state your company name.
Jerry Revich: It's Goldman Sachs. I'm wondering if you could talk about just dealer inventories. It looks like you're not expecting much of a shift in ag trade receivables in inventories next year. And in the slide deck, you laid out the inventories on a trailing 12-month basis. But if you switch those around to a forward-looking basis, based on the orders you outlined, you're at about 30% of forward sales in row crop tractors and 8% in combines. So can you just step us through why we shouldn't expect a more significant reduction in trade receivables in ag compared to the slide that you laid out?
Tony Huegel: I think I mentioned it when speaking with David. Keep in mind that when you're looking at the '15, you have to also look at what we did in '14, in particular in the fourth quarter of 2014. So we have dramatically reduced in the fourth quarter the level of inventory both within our Deere inventory as well as our field inventory levels. And so we've done a lot of work already. We talked about reducing our production to keep our manufacturing in line with what we're seeing in retail demand. And as importantly, remember that we've done a lot of work in recent years as we have moved to the built-to-order strategy to again really reduce our field inventories in both good years and not so good years. And so we don't have as much work as perhaps some of our competitors, certainly what we would have had historically in terms of heavy levels of field inventory that needs to get draw down as we move into these cycles. Part of the strategy in terms of being able to continue to provide the type of strong returns is that we would expect throughout an entire cycle even as we move into a downturn. And so I think as you look at our returns next year, that's reflective of that. We're very confident in the level of inventory and receivables that we currently have forecasted at the end of 2015. Of course as we go through the year, we'll refine that and we'll make changes as we look and start to get better visibility of what 2016 is going to look like. But at this point, we're very confident in that forecast.
Jerry Revich: And then I'm wondering if you could talk about on the Financial Services business, just touch on, if you could, the delinquency rates that you're seeing at this point versus a year ago? And I know your loss provision accounting is up slightly. Can you just flush it out for us a bit more, because obviously you're coming off a very good year?
Tony Huegel: I think the short answer to that is as we're certainly forecasting a higher provision level, and Susan mentioned it's really more reflective of the fact that we have been at unsustainbly low, we tried to communicate that repeatedly that we were at unsustainbly low levels. I would maybe turn that around a little bit and say it is absolutely not or should not be taken as any indication that we have weakness in that portfolio. It continues to be a very strong, very sound portfolio. We're not seeing really increases in our past due rates or anything of that nature. It's just recognizing that we aren't going to stay at these historically low levels as we move forward. So there's not much more I can say on that.
Operator: The next question comes from Mircea Dobre. Please state your company name.
Mircea Dobre: Robert Baird. Just maybe looking to clarify from the prior line of questioning here, your shipments to US and Canadian dealers for 2015, my understanding is that based on where inventory levels currently are should be lagging your retail sales forecast. Am I interpreting this correctly? Can you maybe frame it?
Tony Huegel: Our volumes would be slightly lower, yes, because we are bringing down receivables somewhat in the year. That's the $375 million.
Mircea Dobre: And then my second question, I guess, is on R&D and SG&A. You're guiding for flat R&D and I'm trying to understand why we shouldn't be seeing this line item come down a little bit and SG&A down only maybe like 3% excluding Landscapes and Water, even though the revenue obviously is moving quite a bit lower. Are there some levers that you can pull there that perhaps you're not discussing at this point?
Tony Huegel: Certainly last quarter we talked about it. Raj mentioned in his comments that with R&D, we would be balancing both the desire to pull levers as well as recognizing our need to continue to invest in our business. And so effectively holding that flat is a reflection of that. As you look at SA&G, while you could potentially argue that you were apparently anticipating a little higher level of reduction. You also have to look back and recognize what we did in '14 and in particular as we started to pull levers in the fourth quarter. So I would just tell you similar to receivables and inventory continue to look at both of those together in terms of the two years combined. So instead of looking at just what we did in '15, recognize what we did in '14 as well.
Raj Kalathur: On R&D, while it's flat, if you look at within it the components, the portion that's coming off of the emissions, that will be allocated more towards either production innovations or more towards continuous improvement. And the continuous improvement part should help us in the cost reduction side.
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Gilardi. Please state your company name.
Ross Gilardi: Bank of America Merrill Lynch. I just had a couple of questions on the Brazilian market. I mean the combine numbers were a little steadier last month. Do you have any thoughts on that? Are you seeing any stabilization in your order books down in Brazil, or could that have been some pre-buying in anticipation of a hike in FINAME? And then my related question would be on FINAME. What do you expect to see there?
Tony Huegel: I think you're potentially correct in terms of what's going on there. Again, we are looking for the lower end markets. Our Group there would tell you moving more towards typical or more normal levels were coming off still a very high level than 2013. So the market is still strong. It's still a very attractive market for us, but it is coming down a bit more off of those '14 levels. I wouldn't ever read much into monthly numbers, if you will. Certainly there is some speculation that farmers will be buying ahead of the announcement on FINAME, simply because there is uncertainty. And generally, what we would expect and what most are expecting is that the FINAME rates will stay close to where they are currently, so flat to up slightly, maybe 50 basis point improvement. That's really what we're assuming is in that realm. I don't think there's anyone assuming they're going to go down. So that's part of the reason why you may be seeing a little bit of pull ahead now in anticipation of what may happen. So flat to slight increase is what we're anticipating for FINAME.
Operator: The next question comes from Ann Duignan. Please state your company name.
Ann Duignan: JPMorgan. Can we talk a little bit about your outlook for '15 to be trough and 80% below normal or at 80% of normal? The last time you said we hit normal was back in 2006. And clearly, the outlook going into '15 is not 20% below the volume levels we saw in 2006. So can you just address your comfort level with '15 being the trough and what could go wrong? Where is the downside? You've given us all the upside.
Tony Huegel: As you think about trough levels, to your point, as we look at the market and to be fair, keep in mind, as you pointed 2006, we adjust what we view as normal levels every year, as we grow our market share, as we enter new markets, those sorts of things. So it isn't a static number as you move forward. And certainly we've seen growth in our business since 2006. By the way, the A&T forecast would not be at 80%. That should be below 80% in our forecast. I think from a confidence perspective, again it's our best view of the market. It's how we are currently interpreting that. I think if you look historically as well in prior downturns, to expect another significant step-down next year would imply you'd have three years in a row with pretty strong reductions. That would not be the norm, as you look historically. In fact there's only really one period if you look from 1965 forward where we saw three sequential years of lower sales. And even in that scenario, one of those years, I think, was less than 1% down. The other two were a little bit higher step function down. And so given all of that, given how we view the market, given where we had seen things from a historic basis, our view would be that the risk of 2015 sales certainly being down significantly from this level is relatively small.
Ann Duignan: But what are some of the downside risks?
Tony Huegel: I would tell you the biggest downside risk would be that we would have incredibly positive weather again and that you would see trend yields moving forward. J.B. Penn, our Chief Economist, you know well, would say that normal weather even you would see stock levels come down, commodity prices move up. And that would be supportive of cash receipts. So again, we think that while there's always risk, we think it's really very, very low.
Operator: The final question comes from Adam Uhlman. Please state your company name.
Adam Uhlman: It's Cleveland Research. I was wondering if we could through the Ag & Turf revenue outlook, if you can maybe talk about how you're thinking about Deere's revenues in 2015 in comparison to what you forecast the unit volumes for each of the geographies, where you think you might outperform and underperform. And then wrapped into that, just my question on what your assumption is for parts revenues next year?
Tony Huegel: We don't guide on parts revenues, but similar to Financial Services, we would point out that the slope is much flatter on parts. So you move in and out of downturns and upturns, it will fluctuate with the market, but not as dramatically. So I can't say much more than that really on parts. Generally I would tell you that most of our assumptions, as you think about industry relatively in line, the biggest one that we always talk about with industry is Brazil at this point. Certainly we would continue to anticipate market share growth. The other thing to always remember with Brazil is that industry outlook is only looking at tractors and combines, not the other markets. And we do have a significant amount of our sales coming from things like sugarcane harvesters and planters and sprayers and that type of equipment. So with that, we're over a little bit and I apologize for that. So we'll go ahead and bring our call to a close. And we appreciate your participation on the call. And as always, we'll be available the rest of the day to answer any additional questions you may have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-08-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director of Investor Relations Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer Susan Karlix - Manager of Investor Communications
Analysts: Tim Thein - Citigroup Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Ross Gilardi - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Steven Fisher - UBS Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank Larry De Maria - William Blair Mike Shlisky - Global Hunter Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere and Companys Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Hello, also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today well take a closer look at Deeres third quarter earnings then spend some time talking about our markets and our outlook for the remainder of the year. After that well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and NASDAQ OMX. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Susan?
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Tony. Today John Deere announced third quarter earnings and all in all, it was a solid performance. In fact, our income of $851 million was the second highest for any third quarter in company history, exceeded only by last year's total. Our results did reflect moderating conditions in a global farm sector, which hurt demand for farm machinery and contributed to lower sales and profits for our Ag and turf business. However, our other division's construction and forestry and financial services saw improvement in their results. This shows the benefit of having a broad-based business line-up. Overall then it was a quarter of solid performance and one that puts the company on the home stretch of another good year. Now let's take a closer look at the third quarter in detail beginning on Slide 3. Net sales and revenues were down 5% to $9.5 billion. Net income attributable to Deere and Company was $851 million. EPS was $2.33 in the quarter. On Slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 6% to $8.7 billion. In the quarter-over-quarter comparison of net sales, Landscapes accounted for four points of the change. Price realization in the quarter was positive by two points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, let's start with Agriculture & Turf on Slide 5. Sales were down 11%, primarily due to lower shipment volume, as well as the four point landscapes impact noted on the previous slide. Operating profit was $941 million. In addition to volume, margins in the quarter were negatively impacted by higher production cost related to engine emission regulation, which includes product's material costs and foreign exchange. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at fundamentals affecting the Ag businesses. Slide 6 outlines U.S. Farm Cash Receipts, which are forecast to be down somewhat from 2013. Assuming above trend yields, grain and soybean production levels are expected to be up in 2014, which is resulting in lower prices for those crops. Livestock receipts are forecast to remain at record levels. As a result, our forecasts calls for 2014 cash receipts to be about $387 billion, down about 5% from 2013, which is forecast to be the highest level ever recorded. Concerning cash receipts for next year, based on our expectation that record grain yields in 2014 and resulting lower commodity prices, our very early forecast calls for cash receipts to be down about 3% in 2015. On Slide 7, global grain stocks to use ratios remain at somewhat sensitive levels, even after abundant harvest in 2013. Although supplies appear to be adequate, global grain and oil seed demand remain strong. Unfavorable growing conditions in any key growing region of the world coupled with the unknown impacts for geopolitical issues could lower production; reduce the stock to use ratio and result in prices quickly moving higher. Our economic outlook for the EU 28 is on Slide 8. There are signs of economic stabilization and cyclical recovery, with a modest forecast increase in GDP growth, rising consumer and business confidence and increased exports. With feed costs easing, strong beef prices and near record milk prices, margins remain supportive for livestock and dairy farmers; however, grain prices have declined and farm income is expected to decrease in 2014. As a result, farm machinery demand is expected to be lower for the year. Furthermore, a differentiated picture continues to exist by country. While demand is improving in the U.K. and Spain, we are seeing decline in important markets like France and German. On Slide 9, youll see the economic fundamentals outlined for other targeted growth markets. In the CIS, declining economic growth and further tightening of credit availability continues to weigh on equipment sales, notably Western equipment manufacturers are being impacted by the uncertainty from geo-political issues in the region. Economic growth is expected to slow in China in the second half of the year and the Ag economy there is slowing as well due to lower grain prices. And, ongoing subsidies are supportive of agriculture, their pace of increase has slowed. In addition, the construction sector recession has deepened. Turning to India, although rainfall is expected to return to a more normal level, the weak onset of the monsoon season and minimal precipitation in key agricultural regions could have a negative impact on production. Slide 10 illustrates the value of agricultural production, a good prospect for the health of agro business in Brazil. The 2014 value of Ag production is expected to increase about 5% over the 2013 level. Even with the recent drop in prices Ag fundamentals remain strong for grain helped by 2013s extremely strong market and favorable financing environment. On the other hand, while partially offset by the weak real, lower global commodity prices could reduce farm income. Our 2014 Ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 11. Although the Ag economy remains in a relatively healthy state, falling commodity prices are putting pressure on demand for farm equipment, especially larger models. At the same time, strength in the livestock sector is providing support to sales of mid and smaller size tractors. As a result, we now expect industry sales in the U.S. and Canada to be down about 10% this year. The EU28 industry outlook remains down about 5% due to lower crop prices and farm income. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are now projected to be down about 15% from 2013s strong levels. Shifting to the CIS, we continue to expect industry sales to be down significantly, with western Ag equipment manufacturers feeling the most impact due to geo-political issues and resulting credit availability. In Asia, sales are now projected to be about flat. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada continue to be projected at flat up 5% in 2014. Putting this all together on Slide 12, fiscal year 2014 Deere sales of worldwide Ag and turf equipment are now forecast to be down about 10%. In the year-over-year comparison of net sales, landscape accounts for about three points of the change and negative currency translation accounts for about one point. The reduction in our forecast from last quarter mainly reflects lower industry outlooks for sprayer and turf sales in the United States and lower sales in Brazil and Canada. The 2014 forecast for the Ag and turf division operating margin remains at about 14%. The two point decline in operating margin from 2013 is a result of volume, mix, foreign exchange and higher production costs, including product and implementation costs related to the final Tier 4. Before turning to construction and forestry, lets touch on used equipment. Strong, large Ag tailwinds have driven record new equipment sales growth and higher levels of used inventory. The rise in used inventory has been steady across large Ag product lines and the spread between used prices and their original new prices has widened from the tightest ever spreads of 2008 and 2009. Specifically, Deere prices are holding up as well or better than the competition. Our dealer's ability to move used equipment is crucial to our long-term strategy. A new tool to enable this is outlined on Slide 13. Earlier this month, the John Deere certified pre-owned program was introduced, combines less than two years old with less than 1,000 hours and eight hour and four wheel drive tractors, less than three years old and fewer than 1,500 hours are eligible. Products in the program will undergo rigorous inspection. More than 280 points on combines and 150 on tractors will be inspected and tested by John Deere certified technicians. Products also will be backed by an industry leading one-year 500-hour comprehensive power guard warranty and include a one-year subscription to JDLink. This will allow our used equipment customers to experience uptime similar to new equipments, and take advantage of the increased fuel economy, comfort convenience and technology, associated with late model. Now, lets focus on construction and forestry on Slide 14. Net sales were up 19% in the quarter, and operating profit was up 81%. The divisions incremental margin of about 31% was a result of increased volume and price. Our less favorable product mix, negatively affected C&F operating margin in the quarter. This was driven by a tough comparison on service parts and a less favorable region mix primarily driven by increased sales in Brazil. Moving to Slide 15, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, although growth has been disappointing, the United States economy is slowly moving forward and there are positive signs in the market. Unemployment is falling and construction hiring is increasing. Housing starts are slowly ramping up, home inventories are low and existing home sales are rebounding. Landscaping activity is picking up, and financing for land developers is slowly recovering. Additionally, we continue to see a strong domestic energy sector. Based on these factors, Deeres construction and forestry sales are forecast to be up about 10% for the year, this is unchanged from our initial outlook in November, 2013. Our C&F order books are strong. The outlook for the year contemplates increased shipment following the low levels of 2013 as well as industry growth in response to an improving U.S. economy and increased international sales. Global forestry markets are expected to be up about 10% in 2014, unchanged from our previous forecast. Following double-digit growth in 2013, North American forestry markets are expected to be up about 10%, while Europe and Russia are expected to improve from the depressed levels of 2013. C&Fs full year operating margin is projected to be about 9%. Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 16 shows the financial services provision for credit losses as a percentage of the total average owned portfolio at the end of July with 10 basis points. This reflects the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. Our 2014 financial forecast contemplates a loss provision of about 11 basis points. Losses remain well below the 10-year average of 28 basis points, and the 15-year average of 48 basis points. Moving to Slide 17, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $162 million in the third quarter versus $150 million last year. 2014 net income attributable to Deere & Company is forecast to be about $600 million, which is unchanged from a quarter ago. Slide 18 outlines receivables and inventory. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $469 million. That was equal to about 30% of prior 12-month sales, the same as the situation a year ago. Ag and turf ending receivables and inventory were down $552 million. Most of the decrease was accounted for by John Deere Landscapes and John Deere Water. For your reference, we have included on this slide, receivables and inventory for our landscapes and water businesses at the end of the third quarter and fiscal year 2013. Construction and forestry ended the quarter up about $83 million. We expect to end 2014 with total receivables and inventory down about $300 million. Our 2014 guidance for cost of sales as a percentage of net sales shown on Slide 19 remains at about 75%. When modeling 2014, keep in mind the following: price, about two points; lower pension OPEB expense; overhead spending due to tier 4 transition, less favorable mix of product; and tier 4 product cost. Looking at R&D expense on slide 20, R&D was up about 7% in the third quarter, but is forecast to be down about 2% for the year. Moving now to Slide 21, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down about 15% in the third quarter and is forecast to now be down about 10% for the year. In the year-over-year comparison of SA&G expenses, Landscapes accounts for about seven points of the change and water about one point. On Slide 22, pension and OPEB expense was down about $40 million in the quarter and is forecast to be down about $150 million for the full year. Turning to Slide 23, the equipment operations tax rate was approximately 35% in the third quarter, and is now forecast to be in the range of 33% to 34% for the year. On Slide 24 shows our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Our forecast for cash flow from equipment operations is approximately $3.7 billion in 2014. The 2014 outlook for the fourth quarter and full year are on slide 25 and 26. Net sales for the quarter are forecast to be down about 8% compared with 2013. This includes about one point of price realization. In the year-over-year comparison of fourth quarter sales, Landscapes accounts for about three points of the change and John Deere water about one point. The full year forecast calls for net sales to be down about 6%. In the year-over-year comparison of net sales, Landscapes accounts for about three points of the change. Price realization is expected to be positive by about two points. FX is expected to be negative by about one point. Finally our full year 2014 net income is now forecast at about $3.1 billion. In closing, John Deere is looking forward to completing another successful year. Whats more, we continue to believe the longer term outlook for our businesses holds considerable promise. For the balance of the year, the company will be scaling back production in line with demand for agricultural products. Actions that illustrate our commitment to responding decisively to change the market conditions. At the same time, plans to expand Deeres market presence throughout the world remain on track and are continuing to move ahead. As a result, we have confidence, the company is well positioned to bring solid returns throughout the business cycle and to realize substantial benefits from the worlds growing need for food, shelter and infrastructure in the years ahead. Ill now turn the call back to Tony.
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Susan. Were now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure, but as a reminder, in consideration of others please limit yourself to one question and one related follow up. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from Tim Thein with Citigroup.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: Great, thanks. Good morning. First, Tony I was hoping you could just  good morning, just update us on the early order activity in North America on your spring programs and I think you just remind us, but I think you were planning to do a bit more stocking at the dealer level this year. So, presumably that maybe inflates things, but, can you just kind of update us in terms of what youre seeing there and tail engine or other products?
Tony Huegel: Right, we have  there are three early order programs that have just completed Phase I or about to complete Phase I in the U.S. and Canada, the sprayers, planters and tillage equipment  to your point and this would be true for various reasons, there are definitely year-over-year differences in those early order programs, for examples, planters last year had a fast start program that didnt get repeated this year. Sprayers were pretty heavily influenced by our Tier 4 transitions last year. So, to give, in some years weve given a percentage change and its just really apple-to-oranges in most cases, but clearly it leads in the early indications of Phase I on those three products, we would tell that the order programs are down double digits year-over-year.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: Okay. Got it. And then secondly, on the Ag and turf margins, you called out the impacts from Tier 4 costs in the third quarter, can you just help us in terms of how we should think about  in rough terms the impact in 2015 as you transition to similar lower horsepower products which presumably take a little bit longer and are bit more difficult to cover with the price increase at least upfront or initially.
Tony Huegel: Sure. Yeah, thats a good point. In the third quarter, we did see a lot of that cost was related that we pointed out was related to product cost which is certainly higher in the third quarter as we transitioned earlier in the most of those products. And to your point, in large Ag, which is what transition this year, the cost portion of that, not necessarily cost plus margin, but the cost portion of that has largely been recovered through pricing. As we move into 2015, thatll be a bigger challenge, not just on small Ag but also as you think about construction, similar to interim tier 4 where we were very clear in year one, we will not be recovering  did not recover the cost on interim Tier 4 in year one, the same will be true with final tier 4 on those products. Of course in all cases we do have the three year commitment that we would cover both cost and margin. But it will take a period of time to grow into that. So, all else being equal, as you look at next year that would be a margin drag as we transition those small Ag and a lot of our construction and forestry product next year.
Tim Thein - Citigroup: Great. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Great. Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: Your next question is from Adam Uhlmanwith Cleveland Research.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Hi, good morning.
Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Just quickly a follow-up on that, Tony would you care to mention the potential margin drag that youre anticipating or at least to mention it for us?
Tony Huegel: Weve not, as you may recall couple of years ago we, as we were going to interim Tier 4, we talked about the actual cost and all the underlying pieces of cost of sales. Last year we started providing and outlook on cost of sales overall and not giving all of the individual details underlying and that would continue to be the case next year. So, when we go, when we release our fourth quarter earnings and provide our first 2015 guidance at that point well have guidance on cost of sales and well be able to talk directionally in the order of magnitude of whats driving that cost up or down as we go into 2015.
Raj Kalathur: Hey Adam, this is Raj. One the 2015 margin, we will not get into the specifics, but let me give you some outline of how we think about it okay. These are some points you can consider with respect to it. Assuming demand for Ag equipment in the U.S and Canada continues to moderate. One of things weve always said, our goal is to earn above our cost of capital throughout the cycle. So think overhead absorption, we will continue to align factory production to demand as we have mentioned in the third quarter press release. So, lower productions will have a negative impact on overhead absorption for the A&T division and especially true for large Ag products. On SA&G side, we will continue to pull levers in SA&G expenses appropriate. And SA&G number still may go up as a percent of sales. And again all these are assuming AG equipment years and continuous to moderate. On the R&D side, we will be pragmatic but R&D expenses balancing the need for short term lever pulling with the investment needs that can help deliver our long term aspirations. So, number of 12, 20, 28, structure line, that is at the trough of 80% mid cycle upon it, and a peak of 120% thats approximately 28 as OROA, the operating return operating assets. Thats our commitment to provide a solid return toward the cycle. So you should think of that line, but margins will be lower as we move down the line. And as we move up the line, you have said you should expect a margins to be higher. Some of the other considerations, material cost we are significantly impacted by steel prices. So our steel cost generally follow the market prices with the larger feet of six months. And if we can forecast few prices, that should give an indication for our material cost. In terms of Tier 4 transitions as Tony mentioned, many of our small mid AG and C&F products will be transitioning to final Tier 4. In 2015 when higher material cost and higher spending your transition should be expected and we will not fully recover the material cost increases of the pricing in year one especially for these products. But however we are targeting to be marginal neutral in three years. Now on pension and OPEB expense. Well there are several factor that impact pension and OPEB expenses. And they can vary significantly between and now and end of October. If you take for example the more recent discount rate, of around 4.25, if that were to apply at the end of October, and all other factors being equal, our pension and OPEB expenses can go up, hope thats helpful. Thanks.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: That is helpful. Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: And the next question is from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America - Merrill Lynch.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning can you hear me okay.
Tony Huegel: We can. Thank you.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks Tony. So you guys are guiding to 1% pricing in the fourth quarter but still a 2% for the year. So are you seeing deterioration in the new equipment pricing outlook or this is more or less just a rounding error?
Tony Huegel: Yeah I think I would point out that it's certainly rounding can have an impact on that. So, I wouldnt read much into that.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then any thoughts on Brazil and whether or not you think the lower soybean in general AG weakness and economic weakness in Brazil incentives the government to extend FINAME into 2015 or any thoughts on FINAME in the next year?
Tony Huegel: With FINAME in general, our view would it  lot of way similar to the U.S. farm bill and in the sense that its the process in which Brazil has helped to incentivize and help to deport agriculture as well as other businesses. And so, again it's less of an issue in our minds of whether FINAME continues and is extended into 2015, but more about whats the rate at which it will continue. So the budget has been set really for the year. Like I said in the June timeframe, but the current program is only defined through December. So again it's really more about what will be the rate be rather then whether its in existence or not.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: And any initial thoughts there?
Tony Huegel: We do not have any thoughts on that at this point.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America - Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks a lot.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Andrew Casey with Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning.
Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: Just a question Tony on the SA&G, you did really well in the third quarter down about 80 basis points year-over-year. The annual guidance kind of implies relatively flat year-over-year performance in Q4. Can you help us understand what caused the decrease in Q3 and why we really shouldnt expect that to continue into Q4?
Tony Huegel: Yeah. I think as you think about SA&G. I mean there is always, in some cases there are some timing differences between the third Q and fourth Q, our fourth quarter and that would be the case this year where you look at year-over-year comparisons, the expense hit in the third quarter last year and they will be in the fourth quarter this year. Id also point out that fourth quarter does tend to be a heavier quarter with SA&G expenses as we finish out the year. The third thing I had mentioned is there was some favorable FX impact in the third quarter thats expected to flip and actually go the other direction. So that would have some impact as well.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks. And then on cash flow if I look at the guidance, the decreased roughly 300 million, you had an approximate 200 million decrease to net income that should be partially offset by the 150 million positive inventory and receivables. Given note change to the depreciation CapEx and just a slight change to the pension contribution, can you help us understand the puts and takes that are driving the 300 million decrease?
Tony Huegel: Yeah. You hit two of the three, the third really would be payable, the assumption round payable changed. So those are really the three things that drove that lower cash flow forecast.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks. And then if I can sneak one more in the certified years equipment program. While the equipment is waiting to be sold does that still on the dealer balance sheet or is that now at dealer balance sheet?
Tony Huegel: That would still be on the dealer's balance sheet absolutely.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay.
Tony Huegel: Think about it as another tool for our deal to help move that used equipment.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning. I guess you know a couple of questions. One just given the risk of that I guess first question, you mentioned in your prepared -- in Q&A that when we think about the order book and you talked about sprayers, planters and tillage early indications are they are down year-over-year sorry, double digit, year-over-year historically youve said tillage has been sort of a good indicator of demand for equipment as its more discretionary. Would that imply as you think about 2015, when we think about large tractors and large combines that we should at least see that levels decline just given what we are seeing in tillage in a historic relationship. And then I guess my second question is can you talk about your comfort level with the inventory at the dealer level so in the event that we do have some downtrend in 2015, where they were actively managing this so could inventory in the channel be a potential issue? Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Sure, I think as you think about the early order programs and certainly it does give some early indication of the framers and customers appetite for purchase going into the year there are variety of things they can influence that as well. So, certainly we would be using that and that would be part of evaluation as we consider what next year would be, but we would not have an outlook at this point on Ag equipment going into 2015 that were in a position to share publically. I would stress again it is very early in the process that phase one on three of our crop care program, but it can as you pointed out in the past we've certainly viewed that as at least some directionally an idea of where sales may end up going. Some of the things you want to be a little careful not to read too much in or try to ignore some of the fact that the difference -- there are a lot of difference year-over-year too in terms of the in years past, we have been in capacity in many of our product, customers, and dealers knew that; so there was a certainly a greater sense of urgency. I think the expectation next year is for demand to be down and certainly we will have the capacity to meet that demand as we go into 2015. So there is that element as well. That could factor into some of those year over year differences again in a very early stages of those programs. So we will have a much better view as we always do when we get to November with our fourth quarter earnings as we get further into the programs, start to see whats going on with combine early order programs and so on as well. So those will be some things I would mention. From an inventory prospective I think from a concerned prospective and we talked about it all year I think the greater concern would be around used equipment as we come through a period of time with some high level of sales that brings along with it a high level of used equipment and so we are working very diligently with our dealers to bring those used inventory down in line with what we are expecting demand to be. We talked about on the call some of the new programs we have with the certified use. Again I want to be clear this is a long-term strategic program. It isnt intended to be viewed a silver bullet to remedy the situation overnight, but it will certainly be helpful and I think this is something we have put together in conjunction with our dealers and should be very helpful especially with moving that newer equipment through the channel.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: But Tony to be clear last quarter I think you said tractors were bigger issue relative to combine is that still the case or things in total for both tractors and combines deteriorated versus last quarter or the inventory got more than?
Tony Huegel: I think that would still be the case as you look at used in and in fact I shouldnt say I think it is still the case for tractors that are a little more elevated than combines. But remember you are also going through a period where we are selling a lot of new combine just ahead of the harvest. So fall is always a critical timeframe. From moving those used combine through the system as we move through harvest.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. Ill get back into you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: The next question is from Steven Fisher with UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS: As we head into this weaker period on Ag in North America just trying to guys how you guys are really thinking about it more broadly. Are you viewing this as may be a shorter 12 months phenomenon, 18 months, or is this do you think about it as a multiyear downturn and how does that affect your planning.
Tony Huegel: Well I think the way I would answer that is at this point, as Susan mentioned in her opening comment, you are still while you are seeing stock used ratios at least to the expectation of another good year those stocks will continue to rebuild, but given the very strong demand environment on commodities as well the answer to that question is whats going to happen with the crop that will get planted next year in terms of do you have yet a third year in a row of good growing conditions on a global basis or do you have a year where those yields moderate a bit due to weather -- weather thats in the U.S. or some other region. So thats a tough one to answer and certainly that the advantage we have I think is how we structured the business today in the sense of being able to shift, pull levers where we need to, to be able to ensure that we are able to maintain good returns throughout that cycle. So again I think it's just very premature to try to call whether this a 12-month phenomenon or longer term.
Raj Kalathur: So I'll just add that longer term tailwinds for Ag demand are still intact. Okay. So from that perspective the demand is continuing to grow and as Tony said depends on how the supply is. If the weather conditions are great everywhere then we might have issue we have today, but if the weather conditions turn out to be more erratic then you know it can be different?
Steven Fisher - UBS: Okay. And then since you mentioned the levers, I guess cheers for your views on the notion that nearly every one of the global Ag markets is down in tandem at this point and really how that affect your manufacturing strategy, exiting in the past factor utilization has been supported by allocating the U.S. capacity for shipments to some of the non-U.S. markets. So I guess I am wondering to what extent is that reallocation still an option.
Tony Huegel: That would be true Steven in some cases so as you look at tractors for example in Waterloo somewhere in the neighborhood of 30% or so typically of the production there is shipped outside of the U.S. and Canada. I would point out some of that will change at the end of 2015 as we localize the aide tractor in Brazil. But then as you look at combines you are down in the neighborhood of 10% of the production in the U.S. is shipped outside of the U.S. and Canada. So we have shifted some of that production those large combines are now being produced in Europe for example as well as Brazil. So that is shifting as business is growing in some of these other regions. Some of that demand has moved closer to the use. So obviously when you look at global production it still has an impact, but on specific factories in the U.S., a lot of those cases it wouldnt be as impactful as it would have been three years ago.
Steven Fisher - UBS: It's very helpful. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz with Barclays.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays: Hi good morning guys. Sorry about that before. So Tony can you talk about dealer inventory in the construction channel actually your largest competitor in construction when it announced earnings talked about how into destock about a billing of dealer inventory in the second half of 2014 now. We recognize that there are much more international outside of North America than you guys are, but how do you look at the dealer channel right now. How concerned you would be that there is quite a bit of inventory in the channel or is it actually in pretty good shape.
Tony Huegel: We would say the latter certainly for Deere construction and forestry inventory at the dealer channel would be at very good levels. That -- you may recall we had some questions last quarter on our sales levels and we talked about the fact -- that with our order fulfillment process and construction of forestry, we dont tend to push inventory out into the market. Our dealers dont have a heavy rent program that they can use to bulk up their inventory level either and so we tend to run with some leaner inventories as a result, given our factorys ability to replenish that inventory pretty quickly.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays: Okay. Thats helpful and Tony can you talk about your ability to get price excluding the final Tier 4 transitions. Youve maintained your guidance of the company for plus 2% from fiscal 14 but youre getting 1% in fiscal 14. If I might recall, this excludes sort of -- this pricing exclude these transitions so can you talk about the competitive environment you see in Ag. Was there any -- is mix change impacting price at all? What do you see going forward?
Tony Huegel: Certainly for this year, we  someone asked earlier and I would say its really more about rounding than a significant change in our pricing for price realization for the fourth quarter. So again I wouldnt read much into that. As you look back over the last decade, weve talked about this but weve averaged a little over three points of positive price realization each year. Were two points this year in a slower equipment demand environment especially for large Ag in the U.S. and Canada and to your point in year one of introducing Tier 4 product, we would not count the price related to that in our price realization calculation, so were getting two points plus the pricing that weve taken on Tier 4 for the products that transitioned this year. So that demonstrates -- we've had pretty good pricing and again thats really about bringing efficiency and being able to provide that higher productivity to the farmer to warrant that higher pricing.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays: Thanks Tony.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: The next question is from Larry De Maria with William Blair
Larry De Maria - William Blair: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Hello.
Larry De Maria - William Blair: Hey, sorry about that before. Long term fundamentals and demands obviously suggest money for food, and thats kind of always been the case but theres been through the long term weakness in equipment when we come off from below its kind of like we are in the 90s. So I am just curious what is different or the same in this cycle compared to 90s balance sheet just kind of similar in good shape down like they were back then and to call that weather and politics, that potential changes to the trajectory but -- and obviously the supply side is where youre focused on if theres a weather interruption but could you just help us understand -- what is similar or different about this cycle versus the late 90s, which had a relatively extended period of downturn?
Tony Huegel: I think one thing I would point out is -- you mentioned balance sheets and certainly compared to the 80s it would be better today but even compared to the late 90s, if you look at the data you are in even better shape. We talk a lot about the underlying demand of commodities and we continue to point to that as well in the sense of our -- historically the cycles have been much more about changes in supply. There a lot of conversations around ethanol for example, which has been very supportive over the last decade of building supply and while the growth is clearly moderating on ethanol demands. There are corn used ethanol. The supporting demand is still in place and our view is youre going to continue to see food demand pickup in other parts of the world and see that growth curve continue to be very strong and that is basically where we think its going to be different year-on-year or this time around.
Raj Kalathur: And Larry, aside from the market demand, we also want to look at the improvements weve made structurally to our business and that will be a difference between 90s and now. Okay? So we think structurally we're in a better position at this time above our cost to capital at any point in the cycle now.
Larry De Maria - William Blair: Okay, thank guys. And then back then you used to talk about -- you've had your economic model that would talk like normal like tractor demand and combine demand, which however shot to the downside because the fundamentals returned pretty bad back then but care to offer kind of some perspective on where a novelized demand where the model which you just had moved long term averages are for tractor and combine demand given that we are coming off, obviously at a very high level and where we can think about novelized support in an environment like this.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, at this point, weve not disclosed and especially for a specific product where we are as a percent of normal. Weve talked about it in our forecast for 2014, we'd tell you with our current forecast we would be slightly below mid cycle and on a global basis for Ag and turf would be again slightly below mid cycle with our current forecast but beyond that theres not much help I can give.
Larry De Maria - William Blair: Well, can you say where would be in North America then as far as you would see.
Tony Huegel: The only thing we have provided is on a global basis. So thats really all the help I am going to be able to give in that regard.
Larry De Maria - William Blair: Okay. Thanks Tony.
Tony Huegel: Okay? You bet. Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: The next question is from Vishal Shah with Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank: Thanks for taking my question. I was just curious as to what do you think about the Brazilian market outlook. I know that youve talked in the past about outgrowing that market in light of the down 15% industry forecast. What do you think can you maintain relatively flattish revenues in that market and also how do you think about opportunity in the EU28 region considering some of the share gain initiatives that you have in place over there?
Tony Huegel: If you think about Brazil in to your point, weve mentioned this throughout the year and we continue to be true. As you look at the industry guidance that we provide versus Deere expectations of sales, South America would be the greatest differential on the positive side for Deere. Some of that is the fact that we provide industry guidance on tractors and combines only in South America and of course we have a full line of products offered there. With this latest downturn, we were seeing -- we werent necessarily second Deere sales to be down. I dont believe I can say that anymore but certainly strongly outperforming the industry both because of the strength of our broad portfolio there. Also the market share gains that we continue to get on both tractors and combines. So that certainly will drive that. If you think about the market in general, its important to know that youre coming off, its a down year -- you're coming off of a record level in 2013. So most in that market would tell you things arent what they would consider weak just because theres year-on-year, things continue to be very strong. Soya bean farmers even at these levels of pricing are still in profitable territory and so we still have a very positive view on Brazil as we move forward.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank: Thats helpful and just on EU28 share again opportunities, are you seeing any of that play out this year and also whats your view of decremental margins in North America given the mix shift towards small Ag. Are we looking at 40% detrimental margins or slightly more than that next year? Thank you.
Tony Huegel: If you think about EU28 obviously we continue to be in a difficult market there. Weve seen sales forecast to be lower year-on-year. So were making good progress in terms of our dealer consolidation there, those sorts of things. So we feel like were putting ourselves in a good position though -- to be candid the market share has been a little slower to come though from a strategic perspective were still very encouraged by that. Just real quickly on margins, obviously we dont disclose margin by individual product but certainly weve been very clear that large Ag equipment has better margins than small. So if youre expecting a decrease next year and you assume its all large Ag driven decreases than the incremental will be difficult. But at this point, its again premature really to talk about any kind of specifics in that regard. So anyway with that well move on to next caller.
Operator: And your next question is from Robert Wertheimer with Vertical Research.
Tony Huegel: Hi Rob.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Sorry for the interruption before. And I apologize if these have been asked before. Ill just ask three and you can skip if they have been. On the certified used, what seems like a nice way to sort of manage without giving price discounts. Is there a fee charge for the buyer or is that sort of gratis in the way for you give away something that you can deliver cost effect away? Will your production plan be influenced, are you going to change the way you sell it all if use inventories rise and then make the dealers place that use before theyre taking order? And last question, do you contemplate in making a cost to capital if you go below the 80% cyclical industry strength? Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, Ill start with the used. And I am not aware of any fee that will charged to the customer related to that certified used. Again its a tool that the dealer can offer. Now certainly while there may not be a specific fee, we would expect that thats going to help drive higher pricing on that used piece of equipment as it comes with again additional inspection on the product, the warranty, the free one year JDLink again should be very supportive of the underlying pricing that the dealer gets on that particular piece of equipment. Again in terms of the way we sell equipment in terms of expecting dealers to have a used piece of equipment sold before we ship new, I think it was your question. There is certainly not a change there. We have talked about on combines as we allocate our early order program. We do the used inventory adding individual dealers location would impact -- does have some impact on the allocation of orders they get in any particular phase of our early order program but that would be the only area that I could really point to that were looking at that from a -- what were selling new equipment.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Got it.
Tony Huegel: Okay?
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: And I am sorry. On the trough, if you go below 80% do you still hope to cover the cost to capital or is that something you dont contemplate?
Raj Kalathur: Hey Rob. Its too early to say anything now. What we will tell you is again and I said earlier, its not something that we look at in terms of below trough on a daily basis, okay? What we do is we do model 80120 and what I clearly said is 80120 we know and we perceive. Our goal is to -- we've done a model cost to capital. So we model those, we know those, we talk about those and we can talk more detail at the right time but I dont think we should get beyond that right now.
Tony Huegel: One other thing I would point is theres a lot of talk about large Ag and reductions that are expected in large Ag. Remember, on the flip side of that livestock continues to do a very well margins or very strong in small Ag volume not as profitable as large stock. Its still very profitable and were looking at an opportunity to see some strengthening in that part of the business that will certainly help from a returns perspective. So its not all a downward trajectory if you look at again our broad base of business and similarly we have construction in forestry that -- if you look at underlying fundamentals, continue to support some recovery in that particular division. So there are some bright spots in the enterprise that we can point to as well.
Tony Huegel: Yeah. Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: The next question is from Mike Shlisky with Global Hunter.
Mike Shlisky - Global Hunter: Good morning. I noticed in your financials that your interest comp to the fin co. was up about 9% from prior year almost up a little bit as a percent of overall sales. Can you tell something financing programs that you havent placed today compared to either maybe last quarter or last year? What kind of change as far as how you have farmers -- finance your equipment from the marketing side?
Tony Huegel: Yeah, if youre looking at the comp to credit line on the equipment operation side, is that correct?
Mike Shlisky - Global Hunter: Correct.
Tony Huegel: Yeah. Keep in mind, that is really what youve seen reflected there relates the wholesale financing. So to be extensive there is a period of interest free or low interest on the wholesale financing available as we ship the product to the dealer prior to them settling that equipment. That gets charged back to the equipment operations and on that line. So it really isnt reflective of any kind of changes in incentives on retail sales. That actually would impact our net sales as a sales discount.
Mike Shlisky - Global Hunter: Got it and then looking at your prophecies you did mention that you have livestock down in 2015. Just want a little bit more color there. Is there going to be any more pricing or is just smaller herds and kind of what do you see as far as the health of the livestock farmers out there with current feed costs so low?
Tony Huegel: Yeah, as I just mentioned when we were talking with Rob, theyre in very very good shape, livestock producers margins are very strong, really across the board. If you look into next year, youre coming off of record high prices and the expectation is that you would see some moderation there as production starts to come up. But to your last point, still a very good level and margins should remain strong from both livestock producers at least for the foreseeable future.
Mike Shlisky - Global Hunter: All right. Thanks so much.
Tony Huegel: Okay? Thank you. Next caller?
Operator: The next question is from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Yeah, hi. Good morning.
Raj Kalathur: Good morning.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Can we talk a little bit about your outlook for crop cash receipts and youre looking for the kind of 3% into 2015. When we take the average prices in yields from Wall Street from yesterday we get minus 15. So I am just curious why the difference between you and USDA. Whatre you seeing out there is that you believe prices will be higher and yields lower?
Tony Huegel: Well, first of all I wouldnt necessarily say -- the USDA have not updated their cash receipts number and keep in mind the cash received -- that when you look at crop prices and yield, thats on a commodity year basis and again as you know in cash receipts are on a calendar year basis. So 2014 cash receipts are being impacted by somewhat by what will get sold this fall for the current crop. Similarly 2015 cash receipts will be impacted by some assumptions of next years crops if they get sold immediately following harvest. So its not as simple as taking what the changes are, what the current year crop prices are times production. But I would point out as you think about cash receipts to that point its not just about the lower pricing, it is also about production. So as you have higher yields, more commodities to sell even in a lower pricing environment thats supportive of the overall cash receipt. The other fact that its hard to weigh in there is which would be anticipated in the USDA price assumptions for the current year but how much has been sold ahead and is that sold ahead going to occur in calendar year 14 or is that contract are for some time in early 2015 for example, in terms of whether those land that -- and are 14 cash receipts or 15. So thats a long way of seeing -- cash receipts is a pretty complex calculation. You cant simply look at the USDA reports and make good assumptions from that. But it its early and we would be very quick to point that out. Its a very forecast on what we see is 2015.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Yes but your outlook for farm commodity prices is higher than what the USDA said yesterday, I appreciate all the
Tony Huegel: It would be higher than the midpoint of their range. It is not outside of their range.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Fair and secondly I am just curious. I am out here in Illinois at conference with couple of 100 of your suppliers on the hydraulic side, I am just curious what kind of conversations you are having with your supply base at this point in the cycle and what kinds of expectations are you setting for your supply base going into 2015.
Tony Huegel: Yeah. Thats not something we are going to discuss. We view our supply base as partners and we on a regular basis have conversation with them to make sure they are prepared to meet the demand.
Raj Kalathur: Ann, this is Raj, on the supplier side, we have a process we follow. So we routinely sit down with them and talk about our orders regardless of where they are right upside or downside, or a safe side. So we will follow the same process that we had in the past.
Tony Huegel: We will move on to the next caller. Thanks Ann.
Operator: The next question is from Joel Tiss with BMO Capital Markets
Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets: I learned something today to my next time my wife bust my chops about getting fat Ill just tell her its rounding error. So two things probably more just clarifications I didnt hear you mention why the credit loss provisions were rising?
Tony Huegel: Well. We've anticipated that really even last year again that 10 point provision is I would argue it's just reflective of the strength of our credit portfolio. It's still well below our historic ranges. When we were at three points and zero points two years ago, we were very clear those are not sustainable levels and they at some time point we are going to move back towards those historic ranges.
Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets: So I was just looking for any color like is it a little more Russian focused or is there anything else underneath that, but I can follow-up through.
Raj Kalathur: As you know Joel this is still a very strong any which way you look at it and you are not reading anymore into it.
Tony Huegel: In some -- portion of that is lack of recovery. As you look at the provision last couple of years some of that has been recovery of some of the prior year right off and as we had some very good years there just arent the losses to recovery that we've had previously.
Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Great. And you havent talked very much about share repurchased and I know you have your priorities for cash and all that, but you just give us a little flavor of what you guys are thinking around that going forward.
Raj Kalathur: We will sound like a broken record on this Joel again. Our cash used policy outlined in Slide 29 has not changed and we dont have any intentions of changing it. Again, Single A rating is highest priority for and growth capital expenditures, M&A next priority and consistent moderate dividend increase and you want to have it at 25% -- the pay out at 25% to 35% on mid cycle earnings and then share repurchase, which is as I said, Joel use of cash and we do it when its is enhancing for our long-term shareholders. And what I will add as we have confidence in our ability to generate good operating cash flow throughout the business cycles and so you should expect us to continue with our cash use policy as stated and you can think on what we did last three years that should be an indication of how we will act in the future.
Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets: All right. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you and we will take one more call.
Operator: The last question is from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks guys. Most of them asked and answered, but can you just give us any update or sense what you are thinking about Section 179 or bonus depreciation, how you are thinking about that and kind of just what you are hearing about that from a legislative prospective?
Tony Huegel: Sure. As you think about Section 179 I think most would argue that the most like scenario is that both Section 179 and bonus depreciation would be extended at 2013 levels, but not likely to happen before midterm elections and again any extension would likely be retroactive in pickup 2014. Actually if you look at what we have in our model, we've actually taken a bit more conservative approach as we look at both our 2014 and 2015 models and we have our models assuming no extension, but again as you read and what we're hearing the more, most are assuming that it will still be extended at those 2013 levels.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That's all I had. Thank you very much.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. And again we apologize for the interruption in the middle of the call. Hopefully we did extend the call a bit. So appreciate those of you who were willing to stick around a bit longer and as always will be available throughout the day to take any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-05-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer Tony Huegel - Director of Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager of Investor Communications
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Steven Fisher - UBS Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research Matthew Rybak - Goldman Sachs Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Mircea Dobre - Robert Baird Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley Alan Fleming - Barclays Capital David Raso - ISI Group 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deere and Companys second quarter earnings conference call.  Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today well take a closer look at Deeres second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our outlook for the second half of fiscal 2014. After that well respond to your questions.  Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and NASDAQ OMX. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future and are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Susan.
Susan Karlix: Thank you Tony. Today John Deere announced earnings for the second quarter of 2014 and it was another solid performance. In reporting income of almost $1 billion, the company again demonstrated a depth execution of its operating plans, keeping costs and assets under control, while successfully managing major new product transactions.  In addition, Ag and turf profits were somewhat lower. However, construction and forestry and financial services operations had significantly improved results. In our view this reflects the power of our broad based business lineup and it is one of the reasons we are continuing to call for full year income of $3.3 billion.  Now lets take a closer look at the second quarter in detail, beginning on slide three. Net sales and revenues were down 9% to $9.9 billion. Net income attributable to Deere and Company was $981 million. EPS was $2.65 in the quarter, thats the second highest earnings per share in the company history.  On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 10% to $9.2 billion. In the quarter-over-quarter comparison of net sales, Landscapes accounts for three points of the change. Also included is an unfavorable impact from currency translations of one point. Price realization in the quarter was positive by two points.  Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with Agriculture & Turf on slide five. Sales were down 12%, primarily due to lower shipment volumes, as well as a three point landscapes impact noted on the previous slide. Operating profit was $1.2 billion.  Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at fundamentals affecting the Ag businesses. Slide six outlines U.S. Farm Cash Receipts, which are forecast to be down somewhat from 2013. Assuming trend yields, grain production levels are expected to be up in 2014, which would result in lower feed grain prices. Livestock receipts are forecasted to remain at record levels. As a result, our forecasts calls for 2014 cash receipts to be about $393 billion, down only 3% from 2013, which was the second highest level ever recorded. On slide seven, global grain stocks to use ratios remain at sensitive levels, even after abundant harvest in 2013. The southern hemisphere, notability Brazil and Argentina is just now concluding the large harvest of both corn and soybeans. Planting is well underway in North American where farmers appear to be shifting some acreage from corn to soybeans in response to relative prices. But even though supplies appear to be adequate, global grain and oil seed demands remain strong. Unfavorable growing conditions in any part of the world would hurt production, reduce the stock to use ratio and result in prices quickly moving higher. Our economic outlook for the EU 28 is on slide eight. There are signs of economic stabilizations and cyclical recovery, with a modest forecast increase in GDP growth and rising business and consumer confidence. With feed costs easing strong beef prices and near record milk prices, margins remain supportive for livestock and dairy farmers.  While remaining near long term averages, grain prices and farm income are expected to decrease in 2014. As a result, farm machinery demand is expected to be lower for the year. However, a differentiated picture continues to exist by country. While we see demand improving in the U.K. and Spain, some decline in important markets like France, German and Poland bears watching. On slide nine youll see the economic fundamentals outlined for other targeted growth markets. In the CIS, slowing economic growth and product availability continues to weigh on equipment sales, while import polices are negatively impacting combine sales in Russia, Kazakhstan and Belarus. As geo political tensions between Russia and Ukraine continue, fewer acres are being planted and less inputs such as fertilizers and insecticides are being used, putting the 2014 crop at risk. Slide 10 illustrates the value of agriculture production, a good prospect of the health of agro business in Brazil. The 2014 value of agriculture production is expected to increase about 5% over the 2013 levels. Brazil Soybeans product is expected to increase again this year, with yields of historically high prices and margins. On the other hand, while partially offset by the weak real, lower global commodity prices could reduce farm income. Our 2014 Ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 11. In the U.S. and Canada we continue to expect an Ag industry decline of 5% to 10%. The EU 28 industry outlook remain down about 5% due to lower crop prices and farm income. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are now projected to be down about 10% from 2013s strong levels. South America continues to grow in importance for Deere. In April we introduced over 60 new products in the region, including 5E Series tractors with cab, self-propelled sprayers for sugarcane, planters and a new complete lineup on combine.  Shifting to the CIS, we now expect industry sales to be down significantly, while in Asia, sales are projected to be up slightly.  Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are now projected to be flat to up 5% in 2014. This slight change in our outlook is mainly due to the impact the harsh winter had on sales in the first half of the year.  Putting this all together on slide 12, fiscal year 2014 Deere sales of worldwide Ag and turf equipment are now forecast to be down about 7%. In the year-over-year comparison of net sales, landscape accounts for about three points of the change and negative currency translation accounts for about one point. The one point reduction in our forecast from last quarter mainly reflects lower industry outlooks for Ag sales outside the U.S. and Canada and for the turf business.  2014 operating margin for the Ag and turf division is forecast at about 14%. The two point decline in operating margin from 2013 is a result of volume, mix, foreign exchange and higher production costs, including implementation costs related to final tier 4. We have talked for some time about how a favorable mix associated with strength in the large Ag sector has been benefiting margins by one to two points. This year the mix benefit is forecast to be about one point. The mix benefit in 2013 was two points.  Lets focus now on construction and forestry, on slide 13. Net sales were up 2% in the quarter and operating profit was up 63%. The divisions and incremental margin of 196% is a result of C&Fs diligent focus on cost and the law of small numbers.  Moving to slide 14, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, youll note that although the fundamentals are all lower than three months ago, the economy is slowly moving forward and there are positive signs in the market. Unemployment is falling and construction hiring is increasing.  Housing starts are slowing ramping up, home inventories are low and prices are improving. Landscaping activity is picking up and financing for land developers is slowly recovering. Additionally, we continue to see a strong domestic energy sector.  Deeres construction and forestry sales are forecast to be up about 10% for the year, which is unchanged from a quarter ago. The increase reflects higher shipments following the low levels of 2013, as well as industry growth in response to an improving U.S. economy and increased international sales. Global forestry markets are now expected to be up about 10% in 2014. Following double-digit growth in 2013, North American forestry markets are expected up about 10%, while Europe and Russia are expected to improve from the depressed levels of 2013. C&Fs full year operating margin is projected to be about 9%. Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 15 shows the financial services provision for credit losses as a percent of the total average owned portfolio at 30 April with five basis points, reflecting the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. Our 2014 financial forecast contemplates a loss provision of about 12 basis points. Losses remain well below the 10-year average of about 28 basis points, and the 15-year average of 48 basis points. Moving to slide 16, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $148 million in the second quarter versus $125 million last year. 2014 net income attributable to Deere & Company is forecast to be about $600 million, which is unchanged from a quarter ago. Slide 17 outlines receivables and inventory. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $603 million. That was equal to 32.1% of prior 12-month sales, down from 33% a year ago. Ag and turf ending receivables and inventory were down $554 million. Most of the decrease was accounted for by John Deere Landscapes and John Deere Water.  Construction and forestry ended the quarter down $49 million, driven by lower Canadian consigned inventories. We expect to end 2014 with receivables and inventory down about $175 million. Our 2014 guidance for cost of sales as a percentage of net sales shown on slide 18 is about 75%. When modeling 2014, keep in mind the following: price, about two points; lower pension OPEB expense; less favorable mix of product, overhead spend due to tier 4 transaction, tier 4 product cost and foreign exchange.  Looking at R&D expense on slide 19, R&D was down about 6% in the second quarter, mainly due to timing of projects. Our 2014 forecast calls for R&D expense to be down about 1% compared to last year. Moving now to slide 20, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down about 14% in the second quarter and is forecast to be down about 7% for the year. In the year-over-year comparison of SA&G expenses, Landscapes accounts for about seven points of the change and water about one point. On slide 21, pension and OPEB expense was down about $40 million in the quarter and is forecast to be down about $150 million for the full year.  Turning to slide 22, the equipment operations tax rate was approximately 32% in the second quarter. One of the discreet items benefiting the tax rate in the quarter related to John Deere Water as noted in our financial statements. For full year 2014, the effective tax rate is now forecast to be in the range of 33% to 35%. On slide 23 you see our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Our forecast for cash flow from equipment operations is approximately $4 billion in 2014. Slide 24 highlights share repurchase activity since 2004. Of note is our strong share repurchase activity year-to-date, which has exhausted our 2008 repurchase authorization. Repurchases are now taking place under the $8 billion authorization announced in December.  On slide 25 and 26 we outlined our 2014 outlook for the third quarter and full year. Our net sales forecast for the third quarter is down about 4% compared with 2013. This includes about two points of price realization. In the year-over-year comparison of third quarter sales, Landscapes accounts for about four points of the change. The full year forecast calls for net sales to be down about 4%. In the year-over-year comparison of net sales, Landscapes accounts for about three points of the change. Price realization is expected to be positive by about two points; FX is expected to be negative by about one point. Finally our full year 2014 net income forecast remains at about $3.3 billion.  In closing, John Deere expects to achieve near record earnings for the full year and the company is well positioned to deliver solid financial results throughout the business cycle. We are confident our investments in new products and markets, coupled with a tight reign on costs and assets will keep our growth plans moving ahead.  As for our plan, we believe they are essential to helping meet the worlds growing need for food, shelter and infrastructure and we continue to believe John Deere is exceptionally well positioned to benefit from these developments in the quarters and years to come. Tony. 
Tony Huegel : Now were ready to being the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. But as a reminder, in consideration of others, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow up. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. I guess two questions; first, Tony or Susan if you could just provide some color on how the order book has trended relative to last quarter with some of the new tier 4 final products introduced. Whether youve seen any drop off in how youre thinking about visibility for the second half of the year.  And then I guess my second question just relates to the implied decremental margins in the back half of the year in Ag. It seems like they should be worse in the back half given your top-line assumptions. I thought the second quarter probably would have been the worse with production down more. If you can just walk me here if theres anything Im missing there? Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Sure, yes and first of all of the order book, I think maybe as an overarching comment on large Ag in particular, what we would tell you is if you think about the retail order coverage that we have on our forecast, we would tell you compared to last year we would be roughly inline. Its slightly below where we were a year ago, but again, roughly in line with the order coverage we have on the forecast. So again, I think trending pretty well there.  Specifically related to final tier 4, we talked about this last quarter as well with specifically the 8R tractor, where we were seeing very strong orders for that final tier four tractor. Didnt really see any kind of drop-off at that time.  Our order book, we often talk about where were at from an availability perspective and we would tell you on 8Rs our order availability is into October. There is some availability remaining on that product for the year, but well into October in terms of that availability. So again, pretty good story from that perspective. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Any color on combines Tony. 
Tony Huegel: Well again, it wouldnt have changed much from our second quarter. You know our early order program tends to pretty much fill out that program and we saw that order fill pretty much the way we had anticipated and again have, we feel pretty good in terms of the order coverage obviously to the forecast cast we have in place today. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Sorry, then the second question on the implied detrimentals in the back half.
Tony Huegel: On the detrimentals when you keep in mind that as you look historically at our cost of sales, second quarter tends to be the best; the lowest cost of sales as a percent of net sales of any, and that will true this year. But if you look at the differential in whats implied in the outlook, you will note that second quarter relative to the comments that you mentioned with the transitions we had, second quarter isnt as strong as what you would normally see, but it still is forecast to be our best quarter from a lower cost of sales as a percent of net sales kind of ratio. So I guess that I would argue that you are seeing in the forecast in terms of the differential not being as broad as what you would normally see. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks. Ill get back in queue. 
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller. 
Operator: Your next question is from Seth Weber, RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everybody. 
Tony Huegel: Hey Seth. How are you?
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: How are you? Good thanks. Two questions, so just your level of confidence in the construction and forestry up 10% for the year. I mean that suggests a pretty powerful ramp here in the second half, something like the high teens growth rate for each of the third and fourth quarters. Can you just maybe give us a little bit more color there on how of that is dealer restocking and how much of is some of the new production you are adding and then I have a follow-up question.
Tony Huegel: Sure, yes. And we would tell you again, that outlook as you mentioned hasnt changed. Its always, and we talked about this throughout the year, it always has recognized more strength in the back half.  Remember, to be fair, the comps do get a bit easier in the back half of the year, year-over-year, but if you look, our order book is up strong. We tell you that the order book is up double digits. We feel pretty good about that.  As it breaks down though, when you think about where are those higher sales coming from, we would tell you about three-fourth of the sales are coming from our U.S. and Canada market and about a quarter of the sales increase will come from outside the U.S. and Canada.  We didnt break out how much is inventory versus retail, but again as you talked about before, certainly the inventory build is a fair amount of that increase for U.S. and Canada as we ended last year with very low inventory levels versus being what the market was last year. So our dealers are building inventory in anticipation or expected to build inventory, both in anticipation of the higher retail, as well as we would argue kind of right sizing from a pretty strong pull down last year.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you and then just to follow up on Brazil, the change in outlook for the South American market, that tempered a little bit. I mean is that still around the tsunami dislocation or is there something that you feel like has actually softened in the overall market.
Tony Huegel: Yes, first I want to make sure were clear. Thats tractors and combines only, so it wasnt applied to the remaining part of our business, which is a significant part of our sales in South America. Its primarily driven by a little bit of softening in a couple of markets, really around tractor. So if you think about Argentina, some challenges with import tariff and thats primarily impacting tractors, at least for Deere and then also the sugarcane industry had little bit weaker markets in Brazil, a little weaker margins and we would anticipate sales to be a bit lower than what was previously expected on tractors and to that industry as well.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thats very helpful. Thank you very much.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller.
Operator: And your next question comes from Steven Fisher, UBS.
Steven Fisher - UBS: Hi, good morning. I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about the cost actions that you took in the quarter, where were they focused, how quickly can they kind of give you some pay back and how much more runway do you have on cost actions from here, should things deteriorate a little bit further?
Tony Huegel: I mean, I think as we talked about and as we anticipate and see the markets changing with our FDA structure, we do have what we refer to as lever studies and expectations of what we can pull. I think part of what your seeing and in the quarter actually as it relates to C&S for example, we pulled a number of levers last year at the division and its been slow to release those levers until we see those very strong sales that were anticipating coming through.  Theyve kept some of those pulled to the extent they can and I think really as you move forward in the upcoming years, it depends on what the market provides, there are a number of things we can do. You saw quite a bit of discipline around R&D and SA&G in the quarter for example. Some of that to be fair is timing of projects. SA&G for example tends to be a little higher in the back half of the year for a number of reasons, but those would be the things we would think about certainly in terms of levers that we could pull if necessary to keep our margins as strong as possible.
Raj Kalathur: Steve, this is Raj. As you know, the process we have is byproduct. Almost every unit is looking at where they are on the line. You talk about in the 8120 or depending on the product it might vary that line and they need to provide us expected return at different points in the line, okay different returns.  So each one of them is working automatically on whether its cost of sales items or SA&G items okay, how they can get to walk down the line if they are coming down or walk up the line. So you have hundreds of things going on in the company depending on where that particular product line is, they may take a different action at another product line. So you are seeing us walking down the line and thats the benefit you see. If some portions of large Ag are coming down and you can expect them to walk down the lines there. If our small Ag is going up to North America, theyll walk up the line.
Steven Fisher - UBS: Okay, thats helpful and then just a question on the small equivalent side in Ag. It seems to be holding up better than the larger side. Can you just talk about sort of the visibility you have there and if theres pent up demand thats coming through now and what sort of a feed outlook looking maybe a little flatter, what kind of visibility you have there on the small equivalent side.
Tony Huegel: Yes, on small Ag versus large, I mean this is a broad statement and our order book would not be as far out and rarely would be versus the large. So you dont have quite as much visibility, but certainly as expected were seeing strength in that market.  Livestock margins continue to remain very strong and are expected to really through the year and most are expecting it to continue to be strong, even in the next year and thats a market thats had some struggle in the recent years. So pent-up demand is hard to measure, but you can argue that a market or a part of our business that has had lower sales in recent years and has the opportunity to just from a cycle perspective to improve that as we move forward and thats really what were seeing today.
Steven Fisher - UBS: Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Our next caller.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Casey, Wells Fargo.
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo: Thanks. Good morning everyone. 
Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo: Thanks Tony. Was there any specific region that is driving the $50 million decrease in the trade receivable and inventory outlook for 2014?
Tony Huegel: I dont believe theres any specific region that we would point to, that would be driving that reduction. We tend to look at it from an enterprise perspective, so I dont have a great answer for you on that Andy.
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo: Okay, thanks. And then I guess a follow-up on that is
Tony Huegel: Youre talking on C&F on the quarter?
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo: Yes.
Tony Huegel: Actually I would argue, some of that is going to be Canada. If you look at it at a region, we talked a lot last year, a bit last year about consigned inventory in Canada. Well, its was a bit high and that came down nicely and year-over-year is actually down very nicely. I was thinking for the year, but certainly at this point in time its I would argue, Canada.
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo: Im sorry Tony, I didnt ask the question right. The $50 million reduction in the Ag and turf segment for the year, down 275 versus prior
Tony Huegel: Oh, between Ag and turf, no. I think again that your really looking at kind of minor adjustments here and there. I would argue that its a relatively  given that versus the total receivables in inventory, thats a minor adjustment.
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo: Okay, and is that all behind you with Q2 or does some of that remain ahead.
Tony Huegel: Well, keep in mind, much of where were at Q2, so I would say its still ahead, because if you look at Q2, much of that is really driven by lower receivables and inventory as it relates to landscapes and water. If you took those out your relatively flat year-over-year and so when you get to the end of the year well have further pull out.
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo: Okay, Ill follow-up. Thanks.
Tony Huegel: And I add that and I do want to point out for others as well. Keep in mind that as you look at the end of Q2 versus the year end, there is a difference in terms of year-over-year compare. So last year at the end of Q2 under landscape inventory and receivable would have been in our reported numbers. They were not in our year end numbers, so thats why when you look at the Q2 reduction, its much greater than what were anticipating for the end of the year, but if you pull out the impact of landscapes youll see a greater reduction actually at the end of the year versus where were at currently. Next caller.
Operator: Your next question is from Adam Uhlman, Cleveland Research. 
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Yes, hi guys. Good morning.
Tony Huegel: Hello.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: I guess first of all on construction and forestry, if you could start by addressing the price realization you got in that business and also talk about how the tier 4 final price increases are coming through?
Tony Huegel: Yes, specific to construction and forestry, we dont talk about price realization by division. So we did talk about two points of price realization for the year on an enterprise basis and what we would tell you is in our current forecast we would anticipate both divisions participating in a positive way on price realization and so again, thats about all we really talk to from a price perspective. If you think about our final tier 4, we do have some constrains. I dont know if that was a broad comment or if that was specific to construction and forestry.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Maybe if you could just address both.
Tony Huegel: Yes, so if you think about that broadly, final tier 4, while we do have some construction products transitioning in 2014 and its more or less a large Ag transition year more than construction and in that regard from a cost perspective, we would tell you that we would anticipate recovering all of the cost on large Ag in the year.  We are still recovering some of the interim tier 4 costs actually on construction and forestry, so we can tell you by the end of the year our forecast would estimate roughly 90% recovered on interim tier 4 and remember, construction, because of the size of the product, the horsepower range of the product tended to be about a year behind in the transition from what Ag was, so were making good progress, kind of on plan.
Raj Kalathur: So Adam, this is Raj. On the topic of price utilization, with regards to C&S, we did say in our press release about higher sales discounts and heres a competitive environment we are facing and we have built our share over a long period of time based on providing better products, better services and better business processes. So you should expect us to defend our share while delivering healthy margins.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Okay, got you. So with the kind of positive price this quarter, but thats the goal for the year.
Tony Huegel: Well, I mean I think if you ask specifically about the quarter, that would be true, but keep in mind, as you think about price realization and the mention of sales incentives in the press release with accrual accounting as the assumptions change in terms of your anticipation on what are these sales incentives or any other types of accruals like that, keep in mind, the accrual change is not just for current sales, but also for the population thats in the field already that you recorded sales in the past.  So you do get a larger than expected increase in that particular quarter. And again, I think its more important really to look at it from an annual perspective as it relates to that and again, that would be a positive price realization for the year.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jerry Revich, Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Rybak - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. This is Matthew Rybak on behalf of Jerry. First, I was wondering if you could talk about the impact of tier 4 conditions on factory costs in the quarter and then possibly update us on the timing of major product line transitioning costs in the coming quarters.
Tony Huegel: Yes, I mean we dont talk about specific cost levels. The cost pieces as you may recall beginning in 2013, we changed our guidance and we talk about the total cost of sales as percent of net sales and at that time we discontinued the individual pieces of the dollar amount. But certainly it was a factor and as you look at the cost of sales for the quarter. But I would tell you if you look at things like mix and FX, those were also very significant impacts in the costs.  As you go forward through the year there would be some, but the majority of those transitions would be behind us, at least as it relates to large Ag and again we have some significant transitions coming up for next year, 2015 as we transition small Ag, as well as a pretty large number of construction and forestry products.
Matthew Rybak - Goldman Sachs: Perfect. And then can you talk a little bit about the drivers of your CapEx reduction guidance this year and maybe where your cutting investment and talk about your longer term CapEx plans compared to significant new facility investments youve made over the past couple of years.
Tony Huegel: Yes, I would tell you that that CapEx reduction is really just minor adjustments and as we get closer to the end of the year, really examining what we would expect to complete this year. As you might imagine, many of those projects are multi year projects, so whats going to get done this year versus next, those sort of thing. So I would not read much into that adjustment that we made there.  And then you know we talked about from the longer-term perspective. At least in the short to mid term that $1.1 million to $1.3 million range is what you should anticipate as you report and thats not just new facilities. Remember we had with final tier 4, thats driving a significant portion of the CapEx requirement as well and lead through 2015. We certainly have a fair number of products that continue to transition.
Matthew Rybak - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you very much.
Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Vishal Shah, Deutsche Bank.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank: Yes hi, thanks for taking my question. Im just wondering if you can provide some more details around your C&S guidance of 10% growth this year. How much of it is coming from market growth versus inventory rebuild and whether the growth is coming from domestic and international markets and also, just any update on your thoughts on expectations for bonus appreciation as well as timing of 179 incentives. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Sure. Yes and I mentioned earlier on the call, really if you think about that 10% net sales increase for Deeres construction and forestry business, about three quarters of that is coming from U.S. and Canada, both as you mentioned inventory, some inventory restocking as well as the stronger retail environment. About a quarter of those sales come from outside the U.S. and Canada. So those are things like our businesses in Brazil, those new facilities and factories come on line and we talked about strengthening forestry demand in the European market as an example. So thats really whats driving that business.  If you think about the U.S. past incentives, theres been a number of activities in converse around that, kind of moving those potential extensions forward. What we will tell you, at least what we have in our modeling. So what were anticipating in our Ag modeling is that they would both be extended, but the extension wouldnt be past until late calendar 2014 and so for Deere in terms of our 2014 benefit to our sales, it would be limited to nothing. Obviously we would have some benefit early in the year, so that would be our expectation. Again, what were modeling is the section 179 gets extended at about half the level. Not that we have any particular intelligence that would tell you that thats where it is, but effectively were splitting the difference, whether it would be at the 500,000 or not get extended at all and thats the rational for why we use that number in our modeling. But again, thats where were seeing the model line.
Susan Karlix: And I think the thing to keep in mind is were saying late calendar 2014 gross profit is now impacted until 2015.
Tony Huegel: Right.
Vishal Shah - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Next caller.
Operator: Your next question is from Ann Duignan with JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning guys.
Tony Huegel: Hi.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: I want to go back to Jamies question, just get the question answered more clearly. If you look at during combine order books for North America this year, where did it come in relative to last year, just the year-over-year change, not versus your forecast.
Tony Huegel: Well, we havent talked to it. I mean we talked about large Ag being down double digits and certainly that would include our combine order book, so pretty much as expected, but certainly down double-digits. 
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: And combines been a little bit more than the average?
Tony Huegel: Let me look at it here, just a second Ann. If you look at combines relative to, its kind of with other large Ag products. As we look at what our industry retail sales estimates are, which obviously would be a fair chunk of that, I would tell you that they are not down more than the rest of the industry, more than the other large Ag products. I would say its pretty much right on average.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Okay, another large product here including things like sprayers and
Tony Huegel: Your talking sprayers, planters, well obviously our row crop tractors, four wheel drive tractors those sorts of products. Think about the product that a typical row crop framer would use. 
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Yes. Okay, and then going forward, how should we think about your financial services business in terms of the revenue come in, but larger forecasting. We shouldnt have been surprised I suspect, but we tend to finance more again as the large crop farmer in the U.S. Can you just give us a context of how we should think about that business going forward if the large row crop framer remains under pressure?
Tony Huegel: Yes, I mean I think as you think about market share if you will for John Deere financial, as it relates to our Ag business in the U.S. and Canada, that would be our strongest market share business and its running right around 60% of the Ag sales, would be financed with John Deere financial and as youre aware our biggest competitor there is Cash, which takes up the bulk of the remainder.  But as you move forward, to your point, while were anticipating the portfolio to increase during 2014, its because that you have  were still even though year-over-year, say over down, they are still anticipating more acceptances this year versus those that would be maturing or being paid off.  If you continue to see pressure and our sales would flatten or maybe decrease, then obviously over a period of time you would see some lower portfolio and revenues. At least as it relates to U.S., Ag could potentially decrease, but youd have to make assumptions on what rest of the world and our penetration is and how that changes in the rest of the world as well. So theres obviously a lot of moving pieces there.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Okay, and just quickly as a follow-up to the section 179 question earlier, what are your thoughts on the mid term elections and the outcome of the mid term elections, upside potential to your 179 or downside. Do you have any thoughts on that?
Tony Huegel: We really dont, we dont. Again, the assumption is that after those mid term election, again late calendar years, its likely to be extended, so
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel: Again, at least thats what we have in our base case, sookay, thank you. 
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Yes, thanks.
Tony Huegel: Next caller.
Operator: The next question is from Mircea Dobre, Robert Baird.
Mircea Dobre - Robert Baird: Good morning guys.
Tony Huegel: Hey Mirc.
Mircea Dobre - Robert Baird: I guess, Id like to go back to construction and forestry for a second. Im a little bit confused about a top line guidance, because if I look at the last couple of quarters, you had very good orders. You talked about very good orders here and seasonally at least it would make sense to me that the second quarter would be when we see a lot of dealer inventory restocking.  Yet, weve seen readily tepid growth from a top line perspective over the last couple of quarters and your pointing out to much higher growth in the back half. Yet the economic indicators youre using in your forecast, all seem to have been adjusted lower. So can we sort of bridge the gap here? What sort of confidence do you have in your forecast at this point and what gives you that confidence I guess.
Tony Huegel: Yes, I think again Ill mention a couple of things. First of all Ill point out that while those economic indicators have lowered again, and those are people from outside sources of course, but given that they are still pointing upward and then pointing towards some improved overall market conditions.  The other thing I would point out. As it relates specifically to that dealer restocking, keep in mind that one of the difference for Deere versus at least many of our competitors is our order fulfillment process. We have very much a pull type system where our dealers, we dont push a lot of inventory out into the market. We allow our dealers to pull it as needed and with our pretty short order windows that we at lease attempt to have, were much more of a just-in-time type of process versus build up that inventory ahead of time sort of situation.  So weve been building much closer to retail and that part of the timing difference that youll see for Deere versus maybe some of our competitors who push some significant inventory in the field ahead of those sales materializing. 
Mircea Dobre - Robert Baird: I see and then, A&T, if we can talk a little bit about Russia too. I mean the sanctions there seem to be escalating. I know you have two plants in the country. Have you seen any impact on your operations and would you sort of characterize the risk if you would to your operations in Russia at this point. 
Tony Huegel: Yes, I think that obviously those conflicts, both as it relates to the Ukraine and Russia, certainly is in our forecast. We talked about that in terms of our industry outlook being down significantly. Again, especially as it relates to western manufacturers like ourselves and so there is a number of factors obviously that go into that, that ultimately a lot as a result of some of that conflict.  So weve anticipated and the greatest impact we think at this point would be on the sales and so weve pulled that into our outlook. At this point, in terms of concerns around assets, those sorts of things, not a major impact and certainly at least as it relate to sales.  Now that we have challenges and potential challenges around import restrictions; credit availability because of that conflict is becoming even more of a difficult situation for our customers and dealers in some cases, those sorts of things. So we are looking at how do we take some of the pressure off of our dealers, keeping inventors as low as possible and those sorts of things for a variety of reasons. It reduces our exposure, but it also helps reduce the exposure of our dealers from a longer-term perspective. 
Mircea Dobre - Robert Baird: All right, thanks.
Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you. Next caller.
Operator: Your next question is from Nicole DeBlase, Morgan Stanley. 
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Yes, good morning Tony and Susan and Raj. So may be we could just talk a little bit about used equipment. I dont think thats been brought up yet. What are you guys seeing from a dealer perspective, both with respect to inventories and pricing? 
Tony Huegel: Yes, not a significant change from what weve talked about last quarter. Again on used combines, we can tell you, all things considered were pretty comfortable with the used combine inventory levels at our dealers. Certainly pricing we talked about last quarter, again is lower year-over-year and we tell you as it relates to at least the best intelligence we have on competitors, certainly in line with industry, in terms of those lower combine use prices.  As it relates to tractors, again as we said last quarter, they are relatively high. Again, its reflective of the very strong demand that weve had on new tractors, but thats an area that we certainly continue to focus. Pricing would be down a little bit year-over-year. We tell you again to the extent we have intelligence around whats going on with our competitors, we would tell you we believe our tractor prices, these tractor prices are holding in quite a bit better than competition, but it is down slightly year-over-year.  
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay great, thats pretty helpful Tony and maybe just with respect to the third quarter guidance. I dont know if youre willing to give any color on this, but Im going to try any way. You said down 4% for equipment ops, any color between the C&F and the A&T segment there. 
Tony Huegel: Yes, thats not something we would  obviously if you look at the rest of the year kind of implied guidance. Certainly we are expecting some pretty strong quarter from our C&F division as we go in actually the rest of the year for that particular division versus what you would have implied in the Ag and turf. But other than that, there is not much more we would speak to. 
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley: Okay, fair enough. Ill pass it on, thanks. 
Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you. Next caller. 
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz, Barclays. 
Alan Fleming - Barclays Capital: Hey, good morning. Its Alan Fleming standing in for Andy this morning. 
Tony Huegel: Hi Alan. 
Alan Fleming - Barclays Capital: Tony if I could, Id like to press you a little more on your assumptions for Ag in the second half of the year. I think in Brazil you had previously talked about growth coming from some of your other product lines such as sugarcane harvesters and cotton pickers and maybe every sprayers. Is that sill something that youre expecting to see in the second half of the year? And then if you could talk about what youre seeing in Europe, it seems like its a very mixed market there and were getting I think some mixed messages from some of your competitors. So whats your visibility like and are you seeing the recovery that you expected.
Tony Huegel: Sure and as it relates to Brazil youre correct and we talked about it. If you think about the business outside of tractors and combines for Deere, in Brazil would be more than a third of our sales. There are those other products.  And certainly if you look at industry guidance versus Deere expectations for our net sales, we would tell you we continue to see South America as the biggest differential, partly because of the fact that you are only looking at tractors and combines in the industry outlook and as I mentioned, we have a fair amount of our sales coming from other types of products, as well as our expectation that well continue to see those market share gains that weve had in recent years, we would expect to continue. So again that would be our greatest differential. As we think about Europe, certainly as Susan mentioned in her opening comments, it is really a mixed bag and we didnt, we didnt change our industry outlook in Europe, so that would imply that we are at least on an overall basis not seeing further deterioration in that regard.  We dont have the order book coverage that you would have on large Ag in the U.S. and Canada thats a typical situation there and so you can speak as well to where we are at from an order book perspective that you see in markets like the UK, which is a good market for Deere recovering off of low levels and theyve had a couple of fairly depressed years, but we are all seeing some strength there. Spain is beginning to recover.  But then you have other key markets that Susan mentioned that are seeing some decline; France and Germany being the most notable, Poland notable as well. Keeping like some of that isnt so much around whats going and from a profitability perspective its partly related to that, but also in some of those Eastern European countries in particular, its a transition year. This being a transition year for common Ag policy in Europe is also having some impact in certain situations. 
Alan Fleming - Barclays Capital: Okay, I appreciate that. And if I could you ask you a question on cash. I mean you continue to ratch it up, your repurchase activity. I know youre going to tell us that your cash priorities havent changed, but is it fair to say that you seem at least a little more confident that the intrinsic value of your stock versus where its trading is undervalued and it means that it maybe a little more worthwhile for you to be more aggressive than usual with buyback.
Raj Kalathur: Hey Alan, this is Raj. Yes, our cash priorities have not changed and as you know the single A rating and then the funding of operations and M&A consistently modestly raising our dividends to 25%, 35% of fair ratio in its cycle. And then when we still have the cash that we can use, we put it to us, only if we feel long term, especially long term shareholders are going to be a value added form, okay.  Now when we had the $8 billion share repurchase authorization, which was about 25% of our market cap, our announcement in December. We suggested that we see that the statement of confidence in our ability to do well throughout the cycle. So as long as we are generating good levels of cash and have enough of our priority stated and our analysis indicates repurchase of value enhancing, especially for our longer-term shareholders, we should expect us to continue repurchases. 
Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you. Well have time for one more, hopefully quick call or questions. 
Operator: Your last question is from David Raso Group, ISI. 
David Raso - ISI Group: Hi, Ill try to be quick Tony. Just more direct question on the construction and revenue guidance. You mentioned the order book is healthy. The revenue guidance implies to the rest of the year 17% for C&F. Is the order book up that much? 
Raj Kalathur: Yes, we dont give you exact numbers but also remember the order book is only for a certain period of time, right. These are orders for a certain period of time. It is a lot healthier that is all I can tell you right now. 
Tony Huegel: Its certainly superiority of that outlook and that forecast. 
David Raso - ISI Group: Okay, thats helpful. And the second quarter revenues for construction and forestry, I know you expected first half slower, second half stronger, I get that, but literally the second quarter. Was that revenue as you expected or above or below? 
Tony Huegel: For C&F, I dont think it was significantly out of line from the expectations. 
Raj Kalathur: So overall David, its Raj again. For the total company, if you the first second quarter and the revenues coming down in the second quarter compared to our earlier guidance, now there are two things that happened. One is related to weather and we talked about turf and we talked about a little bit with Ag, especially in Canada. The second part of it has to do with places like where the geo political issues exist, Argentina and CIS.  So if you look at it going forward, CIS, Argentina is where we see some more softness and we will not make up all those whether related messes in the Q2, otherwise its minor adjustments, not a significant change.
Tony Huegel: And those again will be for the full company and mostly impacting Ag and I think we mentioned in the opening comments. As you think about the sales coming in lower than what we had forecasted for the enterprise, most of that lower sales was driven by Ag and not C&F. 
David Raso - ISI Group: Okay, I appreciate the clarification. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you. All right, that will conclude our call. We appreciate your participation and as always, well be available throughout the day for return calls. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This does concluded todays conference. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect your line.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-02-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director of Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager of Investor Communications Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Adam Fleck - Morningstar Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere and Companys first quarter earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel:  Thank you. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our chief financial officer; and Susan Karlix, our manager of investor communications. Today well take a closer look at Deeres first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our outlook for fiscal 2014. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and NASDAQ OMX. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Susan? 
Susan Karlix:  Thank you, Tony. With this mornings first quarter earnings announcement, John Deere has started 2014 on an impressive [unintelligible]. Income and sales both reached new records for the first quarter of the year. It was our 15th consecutive quarter of record earnings. The improvement was broad-based, with all three of our divisions reporting higher income. Performance for the quarter also reflected success executing our marketing and operating plans, which are aimed at expanding our customer base worldwide. A deft execution is essential to successfully launching new products and getting new capacity up and running.  Finally, our full year earnings forecast remains unchanged, at approximately $3.3 billion. It was, in short, a sound start to what is expected to be another good year. Now lets take a look at the first quarter in detail, beginning on slide three. Net sales and revenues were up 3% to $7.7 billion. Net income attributable to Deer & Company was $681 million, which, as noted, was the highest income ever recorded in any first quarter. EPS was up 10% to $1.81.  On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 2% to $6.9 billion. This includes an unfavorable impact from currency translations of 2 points. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 2 points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with agriculture and turf, on slide five. Sales were up 2%, due to a number of factors, including John Deere Landscape, a smooth final tier four transition, and slightly higher than anticipated shipments of several other products. Operating profit was up 4% to $797 million. In spite of the transition of small combines, 7R tractors, and sprayers to final tier four, ag and turfs incremental margin was an impressive 30%.  Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at fundamentals affecting the ag business. Slide six outlines U.S. farm cash receipts, which are forecast to be down somewhat from 2013. Assuming trend yields, grain production levels are expected to be up in 2014, which would result in lower feed grain prices. Livestock receipts are forecast to remain at record levels. As a result, our forecasts call for 2014 cash receipts to be about $378 billion, down 7% from 2013, which was the highest level ever recorded.  On slide seven, global corn stocks used remain at historically low levels. Corn production was strong in 2013, due to good weather globally, resulting in higher yields. However, global corn stocks used are only expected to increase about 1 percentage point. In addition, global corn plantings will likely decrease in 2014. In fact, our Deere estimate expects approximately 4 million acres of corn to shift to soybeans in the next planting season in the U.S.  Taking a global look, our consultant, Informa, is forecasting a cut in planted corn area of about 10% in Brazil for the 2013-2014 season. Planted corn acres for Argentinas early crop were down about 30%. Informa expects another 4% to 5% drop in the late corn crop. Moving to the CIS, Ukraine is also expected to cut back on corn planted area by about 20%. If 2014 brings unfavorable growing conditions in any part of the world, the U.S., Brazil, and Argentina in particular, corn stocks used would fall, and commodity prices could rebound. Our economic outlook for the E.U. 28 is on slide eight. These prices are close to historic highs, and record milk prices are supporting livestock and dairy farmers. Grain prices and farm income are expected to be lower in 2014, but remain near long term averages. While it appears that short term economic stress has diminished for now, concerns over slow European Union growth are weighing on farmer confidence.  A differentiated picture continues to exit by country. While we see demand improving in the U.K. and Spain, some decline in important markets like France and Germany bears watching. As a result, farm machinery demand is expected to be lower in 2014. On slide nine, youll see the economic fundamentals outlined for other targeted growth markets. In the CIS, credit availability continues to weigh on equipment sales and import policies are negatively impacting combine sales in Russia, Kazakhstan, and Belarus. Late fall planning in Russia has put some of the 2014 winter crops at risk.  Slide 10 illustrates the value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness in Brazil. For 2014, value of ag production in Brazil is expected to increase about 3% over the 2013 level. Brazils soybean production is expected to increase again in 2013-2014, on the heels of historically high prices and margins. On the other hand, while partially offset by the weak real, lower global commodity prices could reduce farm income.  As shown on slide 11, in mid-December, the Brazilian government announced the [FINAME] interest rates for 2014. The interest rates now in place are 4.5% for small and medium farmers and 6% for large farmers, both up from 3.5%. The new FINAME rates remain at very attractive levels. Concerning inflation in Brazil, it was slightly over 6% in 2013, and private financing rates are currently in the mid-teens. Consequently, Deere does not expect any significant impact on sales from the higher rates. This morning, we introduced a new line of planters and planter technology, highlighted on slide 12, at the Louisville Farm Show. Planting is a critically important operation to a farmer, and breakthrough technology in this planter takes inbound feed spacing, accuracy, and depth control to a new level, even at higher speeds. At 10 miles per hour, twice the speed of current machines, our ExactEmerge planter achieves equivalent or better in-ground spacing and depth control. This new planter allows producers to cover more acres in less time. This is critically important when they are challenged by narrow planting windows to reach maximum yield potential. Our 2014 ag and turf industry outlooks, all unchanged since last quarter, are summarized on slide 13. In the U.S. and Canada, we expect an industry decline of 5% to 10%, mainly reflecting lower sales of higher horsepower tractors and combines. The E.U. 28 industry outlook is down about 5% due to lower crop prices and farm income. In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be down 5% to 10% from 2013s strong levels. [Latin America] continues to grow in importance for Deere. Our tractor market share has grown considerably there, and our strong position in other products such as combines, sugar cane harvesters, sprayers, and feeding equipment should not go unnoticed.  Shifting to the CIS, we expect industry sales to be down slightly, while in Asia, sales are projected to be up slightly. Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be up about 5% in 2014. Putting this all together on slide 14, fiscal year 2014 Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment are forecast to be down about 6%. In the year over year comparison of net sales, landscape accounts for about half of the change.  2014 operating margin for the ag and turf division is forecast at about 14%. The 2 point decline from 2013 is a result of mix, foreign exchange, and higher overhead costs, including implementation costs related to final tier four. We have talked for some time about how a favorable mix associated with strength in the large ag sector has been benefitting margins by 1 to 2 points. This year, the mix benefit is forecast to be about 1 point. Lets focus now on construction and forestry, on slide 15. Net sales were up 4% in the quarter, and operating profit was up 32%. The divisions incremental margin of about 45% is a result of C&Fs diligent focus on cost. An aerial view of our two new construction factories in Brazil is on slide 16.  We feel Brazil has the long term demographic and market characteristics that the John Deere strategy is built around. The construction equipment market in Brazil is expanding at a rapid pace, and the country continues to grow as an exporter of agricultural and other commodities. This means that well continue to expand and upgrade its transportation system and infrastructure. At the same time, urbanization and increasing incomes are creating demand for more housing and institutional building.  The Deere Brazil factory is solely owned and will manufacture backhoe loaders and four wheel drive loaders. The factory has manufacturing capabilities similar to our U.S. facilities, which include cutting steel, welding, machining, painting, and product assembly.  The Deere Hitachi Brazil factory is a 50-50 joint venture with Hitachi Construction Machinery Company Limited. It will produce five John Deere and Hitachi branded excavator models. Backhoe and excavator production have started. We will begin loader production later this year. Moving to slide 17, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, the economy continues slowly moving forward, and there are positive signs in the market. Construction employment numbers are rising, housing starts are ramping up, home sales and prices are improving, and home inventories are low. Some markets are seeing building lot shortages. Landscaping activity is picking up, and financing for land developers is slowly recovering.  Additionally, we continue to see a strong domestic energy sector. Deeres construction and forestry sales are forecast to be up about 10% for the year, which is unchanged from a quarter ago. The increase reflects higher shipments following the low levels of 2013, industry growth in response to an improving U.S. economy, and increased international sales. Global forestry markets are expected to be up about 5% in 2014. Following double-digit growth in 2013, North American forestry markets are expected up about 5%, while Europe and Russia are expected to improve from the depressed levels of 2013. C&Fs full year operating margin is projected to be about 9%.  Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 18 shows the financial services provision for credit losses at 3 basis points, based on the percentage of the total average owned portfolio at the end of the year.  This reflects the continued excellent quality of our portfolios. Our 2014 financial forecast contemplates a loss provision of about 13 basis points. Losses remain well below the 10-year average of about 28 basis points, and the 15-year average, of about 48 basis points. Moving to slide 19, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $142 million in the first quarter versus $133 million last year. 2014 net income attributable to Deere & Company is forecast to be about $600 million, which is unchanged from a quarter ago. Slide 20 outlines receivables and inventory. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter down $898 million. That was equal to 26.4% of prior 12-month sales, down from 29.8% a year ago. Ag and turf ending receivables and inventory were down $633 million. About half of the decrease is accounted for by John Deere Landscapes, with the remainder due to lower inventory associated with planned reduce volumes in the second quarter and foreign exchange. Construction and forestry ended the quarter down $265 million, driven by a decrease in Canadian consigned inventories. We expect to end 2014 with receivables and inventory down about $75 million.  Our 2014 guidance for cost of sales as a percentage of net sales, shown on slide 21, is about 75%. When modeling 2014, keep in mind the following: price, about 2 points; lower pension and OPEB expense; an unfavorable mix of product in ag, as we talked about earlier; tier four [credit] costs; overhead spend due to tier four transitions; and foreign exchange. Looking at R&D expense, on slide 22, R&D was down about 9% in the first quarter, mainly due to timing of projects. Our 2014 forecast calls for R&D expense to be about flat with last year. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down 4% in the first quarter, and is forecast to be down about 5% for the year. In the year over year comparison of SA&G expenses, Landscapes accounts for about 7 points of the change.  On slide 24, pension and OPEB expense was down about $40 million in the quarter, and is forecast to be down about $150 million for the full year. Turning to slide 25, the equipment operations tax rate was approximately 31% in the first quarter. For full year 2014, the effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34% to 36%. On slide 26, you see our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Our forecast for cash flow from equipment operations remains at approximately $3.9 billion in 2014. On slide 27, we outline our 2014 outlook for the second quarter and full year.  Our net sales forecast for the second quarter is down about 6% compared with 2013. This includes about 2 points of price realization. In the year over year comparison of second quarter sales, Landscapes accounts for about 3 points of the change.  A couple of things to keep in mind when modeling second quarter sales and incremental margins. As has been the case the last few years, changeover of engine technologies creates anomalies in our normal seasonality patterns. Production levels will be down in the second quarter, due to final tier four transition. Products transitioning in the quarter will be important ones, such as large combines and 8R tractors, so mix will also be a factor.  The full year forecast calls for net sales to be down about 3%. In the year over year comparison of net sales, Landscapes accounts for about 3 points of the change. Price realization is expected to be positive by about 2 points. FX is expected to be negative by about 1 point. Finally, our 2014 full year net income forecast remains at about $3.3 billion.  In closing, John Deere has entered 2014 at a strong pace. Even in the face of lower demand for large farm machinery, we believe the company is well-positioned to deliver solid performance and have another good year. Indeed, we believe our extensive investments in new products, new markets, and additional capacity will provide strong support to our results and keep our strategic plans moving ahead. As a result, we remain highly confident about the companys future prospects and our ability to deliver value to our customers and investors in the quarters and the years to come.
Tony Huegel:  Thank you, Susan. Were now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure, but as a reminder, in consideration of others, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow up. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?  
Operator: [Operator instructions.] The first question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Barclays Capital. 
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays : Can you talk about the near term visibility that you have in ag? You guided to overall equipment sales down 6%. We assume some modest growth in C&F in the quarter, so youre seeing this falloff in ag and turf. Susan mentioned the IT4 transition. Is that sort of what this is, more of, in Q2? And then can you talk about the order book in that context? You had pretty good visibility around wheeled tractors especially. Has anything really changed in the order book?
Tony Huegel: Youre right, the second quarter, such as you look at ag and turf, is very much about the final tier four transition. Keep in mind, as she pointed, that you have the 8R tractors transitioning during the month of April, and we also have large combines transitioning during the quarter as well. So we talk about combine shipping patterns for example, have in the past, and this year we would say, first half, second half is about 45% first half, 55% second half. Last year it was about 50-50. So not a significant change, but if you look quarter to quarter, there is a big change in the second quarter, where our expected shipments will be down, similarly on tractors. If you look at order book, we continue to have a very strong order book on tractors. In fact, if you look at 8R tractors, the wheeled models, our order book is now into early September in terms of kind of how we would look at first availability. Now, keep in mind, that is on a lower production schedule, or said differently, a lower allocation for U.S. and Canada tractors, in that. And it of course accounts also for the fact that we have some lower production in the second quarter in particular. As you know, on combines, we dont talk so much about effective availability as much as how the early order programs came in. And they were down year over year on the combine early order program. It would have been down a double digit. Roughly in line with our expectations. So as we look at our outlook for 2014, especially as it relates to large ag equipment, year over year our order books are, Id say, if you just kind of took a broad brush on large product, are roughly in line, in terms of the coverage we have, keeping in mind on lower expectations, but certainly have relatively the same level of coverage of orders versus our forecast.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays : And then you previously said that your base case in ag and turf was based on an extension of Section 179, sort of a middle ground around 250,000. Has your thinking changed on that? And how do we get comfortable that there wasnt some significant pull forward in equipment purchases in your November-December timeframe? Maybe you could give us some color on how January was versus those two months.
Tony Huegel : We would say today, our base case in terms of what we have modeled, we still continue to expect that well have an extension of both the bonus depreciation and the Section 179, at kind of that half level for Section 179. Now, keep in mind, the difference, though, that we would say today is, really expecting that to happen later in the year.  Of course, if there is any extension, we would anticipate that it would be made retroactive, but that still means our business until then, in our customers buying decisions, there is an element of uncertainty in terms of whether or not theyll actually have those tax incentives by the end of the year. But that would be our base case, that they would come in. In terms of pull ahead, again, I think if you look at our first quarter, some of the strength there really was, when we talked about it ahead of time, in November and December, production of combines was higher than normal, as we were preparing for the final tier four transition, so we still had a couple of months of interim tier four purchases. Certainly from a used equipment perspective, we think that was beneficial, as those U.S. tax incentives were expiring and customers knew that.  But the reality is, from a retail sales perspective, if customers are coming in late in the year trying to take advantage of those tax incentives on new equipment, they would have had very limited opportunity in terms of just the availability of the equipment we would have to sell to them at that point in time. So its a pretty limited pull ahead as it relates to tax incentives.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Volkmann with Jefferies.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies : Can I just ask you, you know, your first quarter obviously came in a little bit better than what you had expected. And again, I guess Im just trying to get a sense of the cadence. Was this sort of more preparation for the switchover to tier four final? Or was there something else that drove that?
Tony Huegel : Certainly on the top line we would have had a little more strength, obviously, than what we would have guided to. And really, there isnt a simple answer in terms of one particular item or even a couple of items. Susan kind of hit a few of the larger items, and there were a variety. We talked about the fact that, with the John Deere Landscapes we did end up with more sales in the quarter than what we had anticipated in the forecast. And as you might expect, with those sorts of situations, you put in your best estimate and things do move around a little bit. And then to your point, we did have some timing benefit in terms of shipments. Some of that was related to our tier four transition in the quarter. It went better than we had even anticipated, and so we were able to ship more product than what we had in the forecast. And there were a variety of other products, it wasnt a transition, but we were able to ship some additional products in the quarter. I wouldnt imply that - and obviously it didnt change dramatically our full year production, so I wouldnt say that was necessarily a strength that we would expect to have those higher level of sales as we move forward.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies : And then just a quick follow up. I think if Im not mistaken you took your ag and forestry margin expectation down to 14% from the 15% we had last quarter. Please correct me if Im wrong. But Im curious if theres any color you want to give us around that. I noticed that you didnt really go up. So what made up the difference to keep the guidance kind of flat?
Tony Huegel : I assume you meant the ag and turf?
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies : Im sorry, yes.
Tony Huegel : So yeah, I mean, really a big change there is around FX, is probably the biggest change thats impacting the margins there. The remaining difference year over year is very similar to what we would have talked about in the original budget. Obviously, from a positive perspective, we are expecting price realization. Talked a little bit about pension OPEB having some benefit there. But then from a negative side, mix is a big item, and then the tier four transition, both from a product cost perspective, as well as the overhead expenses related to those transitions are really the biggest drags on that operating profit. 
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies : But Tony, is mix worse than it was a quarter ago?
Tony Huegel : No, if youre looking at the change from original budget, its really more about FX. That would be the biggest change.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Gilardi with Bank of America.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America : Could you talk a little bit more about your South American farm equipment outlook and how youre planning to manage production in the region? Youre down 5%-10% retail sales outlook, but youre also forecasting soybean prices down another 17% into the 14-15 crop year, which obviously implies that were on a downward pricing slope as fiscal 14 unfolds. How do you avoid overproducing to the region in this environment, and what are you hearing from your Latin American dealers right now?
Tony Huegel : Keep in mind, as we think about our South American outlook, thats anticipating just tractors and combines. And as we talk quite often, we have a significant business outside of tractors and combines. More than a third of our sales there would be product beyond the tractors and combines in that region. So those are continuing to have some strong sales as well.  So as we look at that South American market, Brazil in particular, were still looking for some very positive things to come from that region. Weve talked a lot about our market share improvement, especially in tractors. We saw some nice market share movement on combines as well in 2013. So our business there is actually continuing to be pretty strong.  Keep in mind, too, as you look at commodity prices, and as you project out into 2014, a couple of things. Generally, were assuming in those numbers trend yields at this point, and so that would assume that we would have some very good weather and some good production. And were seeing corn acres come down, and much of that is moving into soybean acres. So if you see that shift into soybeans and good growing conditions, which is a big assumption, then youre going to see some drawdown in soybean prices as a result of that But keep in mind too, as it relates specifically to Brazil, with the FX impact today, and the weaker real, it doesnt have quite as strong of an impact on farmer incomes as it might in other parts of the world, in the U.S. in particular. So thats actually helping buoy those farmer incomes in Brazil.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America : And then just on my follow up, for construction equipment, clearly youre looking for further acceleration as the year progresses to hit your plus-10% outlook. Does your order book reflect that optimism at this point? Have you seen any drop-off in demand in early 14 on the back of, perhaps, a pre-buy in front of final tier four?
Tony Huegel : No, in fact we would tell you, as we look at our order book, just kind of broadly speaking, we would tell you theyre very strong and so we continue to be encouraged by that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Weber with RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets : In Brazil, did you experience a pause around the dislocation in the FINAME financing? And has that reaccelerated since the programs been cleared up? 
Tony Huegel : Sure, and I think that would be a fair way to say it. You know, as it ramps down, the 2013 program, at the 3.5%, and then the new rates have been announced for 2014. But its going to take a little bit of time for those to kind of ramp back up. Our view, though, overall, is thats a short term sort of pause and we dont think thats going to have an impact on our overall shipment for the year. And youll likely see that in the numbers coming out on [Fabia] here in the next month or so, where youll see a little bit weaker shipment volumes across the industry. But again, we think thats a short term issue
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets : And then the pricing realization for the first quarter came in at plus 2 versus I think the plus 3 that was expected. Is there any color around that, and can you talk separately about the acceptance of the tier four pricing that youre pushing through?
Tony Huegel : I would tell you, keep in mind, those are rounded numbers, the 2 into 3. So it doesnt take a lot of shift in the actual number for that to move from 2 to 3. So I wouldnt read a lot into that difference on the price realization. Regarding the pricing on final tier four, obviously we didnt change our annual projection on price realization, and I think the easiest way to answer that is looking at the 8R tractors, where thats, I think, about an 8% increase in price this year. Well have to look at that again. But you know, again, were seeing very strong orders continue on that, and that production beyond May, obviously, is all final tier four.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eli Lustgarten with Longbow Securities.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research : Quick question on used equipment. Can you give us some idea what the status of used equipment around the dealers are? That was a complaint that we kept hearing, that used equipment is pretty [high] now, with Section 179 not being applicable, at least for now, for used equipment. Is there any issue there, with product or [unintelligible] that we have to worry about?
Tony Huegel : I would start with saying that we look at used equipment broadly speaking. We think used equipment is in relatively good shape. Keep in mind, if you look at absolute levels, certainly, its at high levels. But thats reflective of the very high level of sales weve had.  Now, if you dive a little deeper, used combine inventories are actually in very good shape. Our dealers did some great work in bringing those down, really during the fiscal fourth quarter of last year, and those continued to be at good levels from our perspective. Large tractors are certainly at higher levels, but again, its relative to the sales and is not raising any red flags.  As you know, were always cautious about used equipment, and always focused on used equipment. So I cant say that we dont have any concerns about it, because we always do, but I wouldnt say necessarily any significantly heightened concerns around used equipment.  And depending on what dealers youre speaking with, keep in mind, my comments are really talking about, on a broad basis, certainly theres going to be pockets on all products, where youre going to see a little bit elevated inventory at certain dealers, those sorts of things. So thats always the case.
Raj Kalathur : And if I can add, on the pricing, for low crop and four wheel drive tractors, used pricing has actually been up. Now, for some models of combine, it has come down high single-digits. So the pricing overall held their [tier]. So since it came down low single digits, the combine pricing has stayed. So we feel very good about the pricing as well, although, like Tony said, were always going to be cautious about used equipment.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research : And a quick follow up. Can you talk about youre thinking in production schedules in the second half of the year? You were up a couple of percent in the first quarter in ag, down in the second quarter. Are we looking at just modest declines right now in the plans for the third and fourth quarter? Or is there any [skew] in one quarter, but weaker in the other. Usually, sometimes the fourth quarter takes the hit, and is the one that can change if necessary?
Tony Huegel : I dont know that I would expect anything real dramatic, other than the second quarter. But if youre looking at the back half of the year, obviously, for the full year were expecting some lower production levels, but in terms of skewing between quarters versus normal production, I think the biggest difference is going to be around second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan with JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan : Can you talk about, if the Section 179 or accelerated depreciation did not get extended, would it be fair to say that fiscal 15 will be looking tougher than fiscal 14, in an environment with no tax incentives?
Tony Huegel : Certainly, if all else is equal, and you remove U.S. tax incentives, certainly that would tend to have a negative impact. But keep in mind, as you know and are well aware, theres a number of factors that farmers look at when theyre making their buying decisions. And obviously tax is just one of those.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan : Sure, and cash receipts being the other, and also forecasted to be down.
Tony Huegel : Certainly cash receipts, as you point out, is forecasted to be down somewhat. Keep in mind, some of that, as you look year over year, 2013 was raised considerably by the USDA as well. Some of that increase, though is, as you see, drought in California and other parts of the country. For example, youre seeing some higher levels of receipts from fruits and vegetables, livestock is certainly better as well. So thats starting to give a little bit different view and maybe a little bit more skewed view of 14 versus 13.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan : And my follow up question is more academic, really. With the farm bill passed and the base level prices of $370 for corn and $840 for beans and [insurance], why wouldnt we expect to see more acres of corn than you are projecting? And have you taken into consideration the $370 and the $840 when putting together your forecast for acres for corn?
Tony Huegel : As you know, that was just signed into law last Friday, and so were still evaluating what all that means, and what the implications are throughout the business. So what wed tell you is certainly the farm bill is supportive. Its a long term farm bill, very supportive, from our perspective, for our farmer customers. In terms of short term impact on our business, I think I would say the biggest impact just removes one level of uncertainty that had been there previously. So that, certainly on the margin, would be positive, but I think its a little premature to talk about what other, either positive or negative, benefits - although we would certainly see more positive than negative, from the farm bill - but what the details may preclude.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan : But wouldnt you agree that the difference between current prices and $370 versus current prices of beans and $840 would
Tony Huegel : Certainly, current prices of corn would be above that $370 level. So Im not sure that would have a dramatic impact, but again, for us, its a little premature for us to comment on that. But its certainly something wed be looking at.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook with Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse : I noticed on your construction and forestry side, you took down your non-res assumption a little bit. Can you just tell us whats implied in your construction forecast, above 10%, with regard to non-res, if youre leaving some room for upside there, or is it mostly just res at this point?
Tony Huegel : I would say for starters, its a relatively small factor in our modeling, and in terms of what were looking at. Maybe taking it a little bit broader, as we look at our up 10% for construction and forestry sales, for the year, just roughly, you could say its about a third a third a third in terms of where that growth is coming from.  About a third of it is coming from industry growth, our expected industry growth in the underlying business. Roughly a third is higher shipments around some inventory adjustments. As you may remember, we ended 2013 with new inventory levels at our dealers, very, very low, and so we would expect some rebuild of that inventory.  And then about a third will come from markets outside the U.S. and Canada. We highlighted our new Brazilian facilities, forestry, and Europe and Russia are expected to recover off of some pretty low levels that see some recovery there as well. So thats really where that 10% is coming from. So its a variety of factors, one of which is certainly a stronger U.S. and Canada industry.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse : And then no ones mentioned buyback at this point. Can you just talk about any updated thoughts on the remainder of the year?
Raj Kalathur : Our use of cash priorities stay the same. Well be real convicted on it. First, keeping enough liquidity for maintaining our A rating, second, for all our capital expenditures and M&A requirements, and third, modestly but consistently increasing our dividends and keeping it between 35% and 25% from [mid-cycle] earnings. And only after doing those would we use our cash for share repurchases. Now, the $8 billion share repurchase is essentially a statement we are making that well have enough confidence in our ability to generate good cash the next few years to be able to return cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases, but only when and if it adds good value to our long term shareholders. There are a couple of differences you need to note from last years first quarter to this years first quarter. Last year first quarter we had a little bit more caution in terms of the uncertainty in the external markets, and the financial and capital markets. We felt slightly better about that this time, and weve also said the $300 million plus that we get out of the John Deere Landscapes partial sale, well give it back in the form of share repurchase, and youve seen some of that come out in the first quarter of 14 as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Wertheimer with Vertical Research Partners.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners : The gross margin change year over year on solid ag revenue, can you quantify maybe the currency impact and/or whatever on the impact you want to quantify and why it went down?
Tony Huegel : Again, its really related to FX. And again, Id remind you, these are rounded numbers, and so keep that in mind as well. But again, the biggest impact really is the FX.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners : And then if I understand what you mentioned on the production schedule and the outlook, Im not sure how far forward youd normally be booked on tractors at this point. Im guessing that you took your production down consistent with your guide, lets say 10% or 20% on the [high horsepower] and therefore youre booked solidly out, but booked out down at that level. Is that right? Are you constraining demand by pushing that out further, just because of the uncertainty in the market? Can you maybe give a little detail around that?
Tony Huegel : I think how we would describe it, obviously, as we look at our availability, that is on assumed lower production levels, at least thats what were allocating to the U.S. and Canada, consistent with our lower projections for the year. So as you look at year over year, though, the 8R tractor I mentioned, early September, last year you were in early July in terms of effective availability. And then on nines, and these are wheeled tractors, youd be early May this year and you were kind of mid to late April last year. The track tractors on both of those would actually be closer in that last year, but remember we had some availability constraints earlier in the year last year on tracks. So we were kind of mid to late June this year versus late August last year on eights, and nines were early April versus August of last year. But the wheeled tractor are the larger part of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey with Wells Fargo Securities. 
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: Just wanted to get a better feel for the combine and series 8R production profile through the year. Should we expect it to go back to run rate in Q3, after the air pocket in Q2? Or should we anticipate kind of the slow ramp up from that Q2 level?
Tony Huegel: Certainly on the combines, as you look year over year, and how Im looking at it is percent of the annual shipment, so keep in mind were on a lower year over year production schedule on those combines, you would see a little bit heavier actually year over year in both the third and fourth quarter, but not a dramatic shift. And its fairly evenly spread between the two quarters. So again, on combine, you saw higher first quarter, lower second quarter. Third and fourth, to your point, gets more in line with the run rates that we would have had last year.  And I dont have that level of detail on the 8R tractors, other than I know second quarter is certainly the quarter thats impacted on those 8R tractors. And then I would assume youre going to go back to more normal run rates, again on lower production levels, but more normal run rates into the third and fourth quarters. 
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Securities : And if we could kind of look at one of your competitors, who made some comments about a 20% drop in their orders for Europe, could you give a little color on what youre seeing over in that region?
Tony Huegel : You know, as Susan, I think, pointed out a little bit, it does vary country by country in terms of what youre seeing overall. Our outlook is down 5%. So I dont know if they were perhaps speaking about a specific country or not, but that would be a pretty dramatic drop. But generally speaking, the U.K. is a little stronger year over year. Of course, they were coming off of a weather-related lower level in 2013. Staying on the margin would be a little lower. You know, were seeing some flat to maybe a little bit of weakness in some of the markets like Germany and France, but again, theyre coming off of some strong markets as well. We certainly arent hearing any kind of dramatic reduction like that in terms of orders in that particular region. So again, were kind of seeing a market thats a little softer year over year, but generally hanging in there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Fleck with Morningstar.
Adam Fleck - Morningstar : I wanted to follow up on the C&F segment. You know that the dealer inventories were awfully low at the end of last year, but your volumes were down this quarter. Im just curious, did dealers continue to reduce their inventories, or was it basically flat? Any details would be helpful.
Tony Huegel : The biggest difference really in the quarter, year over year, relates to our investors in Canada. And you may be aware, we have consigned inventories there. So we did draw down those inventories in the quarter. And so if you look at shipments versus retail, they were pretty much in line this quarter, and we would anticipate that that would shift toward heavier shipments over retail as we move through the year.
Adam Fleck - Morningstar : And then Russia and Kazakhstan and all are still dealing with these combine tariff headwinds. Just curious if you had any thoughts or updates on how that may play out for you?
Tony Huegel : At this point, the easy answer is thats a shifting environment and continues to be the one thats challenging from that perspective. Certainly they did make a little bit of a change in terms of some allocations of combines that they would allow in, and then theres also some requirement changes in terms of beyond the allocation, moving more away from tariffs and toward required local content to import beyond what the allocations allow.  For 2014, we feel pretty confident that weve met those local content requirements, but the challenge is, in future years, what will the definitions be, and how quickly can we ramp up and meet those requirements. So we would still be very cautious about that region on the basis of not necessarily import tariffs, but import policies in that region, and the challenge of meeting those as they shift.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Tiss of BMO.
Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets : Ill just ask both my questions together. The first one is the regional breakdown, can you just give us a little more color region by region in Europe? And then second, is there anything notable happening in the finance business, why the margins dropped, and just what the outlook for those margins in the second and third quarter?
Tony Huegel : Are you referring to the comment around spread, on financial service?
Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets : Yeah, some of your regions, and that might hurt the mix going forward.
Tony Huegel : Some of that, as you look at the portfolio, the mix of the portfolio does impact our spread in the sense that as you get a higher ag portfolio, and the returns on that portfolio would not be as high from a spread perspective as some of the others. And so thats part of the answer there. Certainly, from Europe, other than that, I talked a little bit about France and Germany, U.K. and Spain. You know, those are probably the highlights.  Maybe to give a little more color, as you think about [cap] reform, in 2014, certain regions you may see a short term impact there as they transition to the new plan. The cap changes do put, in some cases, more flexibility country by country, and so some of the eastern European countries, we would anticipate there may be a short term slowdown in the sense of how they get the definitions out and apply those cap payments. But again, thats a real short term kind of phenomenon. But outside of that, I really dont have much more I can add.  Operator, if we can go to the next caller? And this will be our last call.
Operator: The final question comes from Adam Uhlman with Cleveland Research. 
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research: The first question I had is congrats on the early tier four success. Im wondering if you could help us dial in a little bit more, though, how youre thinking about the decremental margins for the second quarter, and maybe how much contingency you have in the plan?
Tony Huegel : You know, as you look at second quarter, when you think about decremental margins, remember that youre talking about key products with 8R tractors and large combine, as well as the lower production of those products, and you also have higher costs from an overhead perspective as were transitioning those products and bringing those lines down and so on. So those two, coupled together, can have some sizable impact on operating margins in that second quarter as we look forward.  And in terms of whats in our forecast, that is our best estimate based on our current production plans. Those can shift either direction. One week can make a big impact if theres a delay or were a little bit ahead, as you saw in part in the first quarter. So I would tell you that theres as much risk that you could see that production schedule slide a little bit as be pulled forward some. So thats how we tend to put the forecast together, and what we would expect for second quarter.
Adam Uhlman - Cleveland Research : And just a clarification, you had mentioned that youre watching the used tractor market a bit. Have you made any changes to programs yet?
Tony Huegel : You know, were always working with our dealer network in terms of how best to work through used equipment and so on, so theres always peaks. Were still using pool funds as the basis of our effort with dealers. From time to time, well change what programs they can utilize that pool fund for, and in some cases tweak some existing one, maybe add some additional here and there. So those sorts of things happen on a regular basis. But nothing dramatically different in terms of shifting away from pool funds or anything of that nature. And with that, well conclude our call. But as always, well be available throughout the rest of the day for call backs. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-11-20 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. 
Tony Huegel: Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Deputy Financial Officer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's fourth quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our market and our initial outlook for fiscal 2014. After that, we'll respond to your questions. 
 Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder: this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and NASDAQ OMX. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. 
 Participants on the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports, under Other Financial Information. Susan? 
Susan Karlix: Thanks, Tony. Today, John Deere wrapped up 2013 with the announcement of our fourth quarter results. All in all, it was an excellent quarter and marked the end of what CEO Sam Allen called another year of impressive achievement. Fourth quarter earnings were $807 million, the highest ever for the final quarter of the year and our 14th straight quarterly record. The improvement was led by Ag and Turf, which had another strong performance; Financial Services had higher income as well; and Construction and Forestry profit held steady despite rocky conditions in some of its key markets. Results for both the quarter and full year reflected a disciplined approach to carrying out the company's business plans and a continuation of positive conditions in the North and South American farm sectors. 
 For the year as a whole, John Deere had its highest-ever level of sales, earnings, shareholder value added and operating return on operating assets. That last metric, operating return on operating assets, doesn't get a lot of headline attention, but it may be the single-best indicator of our success, delivering profit while controlling cost and asset levels. In fiscal 2013, OROA, as it's known, reached a new high of just under 32%, with inventories at standard cost. It was, in summary, a terrific quarter and year, and it puts the company squarely in position for what we see as another solid performance in 2014. 
 Now, let's take a look at the fourth quarter in detail beginning on Slide 3. Net sales and revenues were $9.5 billion in the quarter, down 3% from the very robust fourth quarter last year. Recall, last year, shipments were unusually high due to Interim Tier 4 transitions, especially in combines, and our factories were running at very high rates to catch up with customer orders. In spite of the decline in sales, net income attributable to Deere & Company was up 17% to $807 million, which as noted earlier, are the highest fourth quarter results the company has ever recorded. 
 EPS was up even more, 21% to $2.11. On Slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were $8.6 billion, down 5%, again, in comparison with last year's particularly strong fourth quarter results. This includes an unfavorable impact from currency translation of 2 points. Price realization in the quarter was a strong 4 points. 
 Before looking at Ag and Turf in detail, let's touch on 2 events in the quarter that will have an impact on the division's results going forward. On Slide 5, in October, Deere entered into an agreement for the future sale of 60% of John Deere Landscapes for approximately $300 million. Initially, Deere will retain 40% of the business and will report results as an equity investment in unconsolidated affiliates. John Deere Landscapes distributes irrigation equipment, nursery products and landscape supplies, such as seed, fertilizer and hardscape materials, primarily to landscape service professionals. The sale is in line with our strategy to focus resources on our growing core businesses. 
 An example of this focus is illustrated on Slide 6. In September, Deere completed its purchase of Bauer Built Manufacturing, allowing us to leverage our global dealer network, manufacturing capabilities and management skills to continue growing this business. As you may know, Bauer has manufactured co-branded planters with Deere since 2002 under a design and manufacturing partnership. These planters range in size from 44 to 120 feet in width, the latter being the largest planter in the industry. We have seen demands of the Deere-Bauer Series planters grow quickly in the last few years, predominantly in North America. Going forward, not only do we anticipate further market growth in North America, we see a lot of potential in Brazil and Argentina, where large farms demand highly productive machines such as these. We have already localized production of the Deere-Bauer Series planters at our Horizontina factory in Brazil and have created a local supply base. These steps support further growth and add to our highly successful product lineup in the country. 
 Now, let's turn to a review of our individual businesses, starting with Agriculture and Turf on Slide 7. Sales were down 4% in the quarter, primarily due to lower shipment volume and unfavorable currency translation, partially offset by price realization. In spite of the sales decline, operating profit was up 7% to approximately $1 billion. We believe this is a testament to the execution of our business plan, which stress the rigorous management of cost and assets. 
 Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide 8 outlines U.S. farm cash receipts, which are forecast to be down somewhat from 2013. Grain production levels are expected to be up in 2014, resulting in lower prices. Livestock receipts are forecast to be about flat with 2013 levels. As a result, our forecast calls for 2014 cash receipts to be approximately $380 billion, down about 4% from 2013, which was the second-highest level ever recorded. 2014 cash receipts, the #1 predictor of farm equipment sales, are expected to remain at a historically high level, which should help keep farmers in a financially sound position. 
 On Slide 9, global grain stocks-to-use remain at historically low levels. Due in part to good weather globally, yields will be higher, resulting in lower commodity prices. However, global corn stocks-to-use are only expected to increase by about 2%. According to our consultant Informa, there is already talk about -- among U.S. farmers, looking ahead to the 2004 (sic) [2014] planting season about adjusting corn acreage down by about 4% in favor of soybeans. 
 Looking at South America, Informa is forecasting a cut in planted corn area of about 10% in Brazil and of about 30% in Argentina. The drop in Argentina is due to planting delays for corn, as well as the economics of lower corn prices relative to beans. If 2014 brings unfavorable growing conditions in any part of the world, the U.S., Brazil and Argentina, in particular, corn stocks-to-use would fall, suggesting that commodity prices would stabilize. 
 Our economic outlook for the EU 28 is on Slide 10. Beef and pork prices are at historic highs, and milk prices are favorable, supporting livestock and dairy farmers. While remaining near long-term averages, grain prices and farm income are expected to be lower in 2014. While it appears that short-term economic stress has diminished for now, concerns over slow European Union growth are weighing on farmer confidence. As a result, farm machinery demand is expected to be lower in 2014. 
 On Slide 11, you'll see the economic fundamentals outlined for other targeted growth markets. In the CIS, import policies continue to affect combine sales in Russia, Kazakhstan and Belarus. In Russia, heavy rain affected fall planting, putting some of the 2014 winter crops at risk, and credit availability there continues to weigh on equipment sales. Turning to China and India, government support, as well as a favorable monsoon season in India, allowed for a slightly improved industry outlook. 
 Slide 12 illustrates the value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness in Brazil. The 2014 value of ag production in Brazil is expected to increase about 3% over the 2013 level. Brazil's soybean production is expected to increase again in 2013, 2014 on the heels of historically high prices and margins. Government financing is expected to remain favorable, but likely at higher rates. On the other hand, lower global commodity prices will reduce farm income. 
 Our 2014 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 13. In the U.S. and Canada, we expect an industry decline of 5% to 10%, mainly reflecting lower sales of large equipment, such as high-horsepower tractors and combines. The EU 28 industry outlook is down about 5%, due to lower commodity prices and farm incomes. 
 In South America, industry sales of tractors and combines are projected to be down 5% to 10% from 2013's strong levels. South America continues to grow in importance for Deere. Our tractor market share has grown considerably there and our strong position in other products, such as combines, sugarcane harvesters, sprayers and seeding equipment, should not go unnoticed. 
 Shifting to the CIS, we expect industry sales to be down slightly, while in Asia, sales are projected to be up slightly. 
 Turning to another product category, industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada are projected to be up about 5% in 2014. Market conditions are improving in tandem with the slow economic recovery. Also, the pent-up demand seen in late 2013 is expected to continue, mainly benefiting the riding lawn equipment and utility vehicles segments.
 Putting this all together on Slide 14, fiscal year 2014 Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment are forecast to be down about 6%. As discussed earlier, the forecast contemplates the sale of 60% of John Deere Landscapes' operations. In the year-over-year comparison of net sales, Landscapes account for about 4 points of A&T's change. On a comparable basis, the change in worldwide ag and turf sales is down about 2% in 2014. 2014 operating margin for the Ag and Turf division is forecast at about 15%. The 1 point decline from 2013 is a result of implementation cost of Final Tier 4 on large ag equipment and a return to a more normal product mix. As you may recall, we have talked for some time about mix benefiting margins by 1 to 2 points due to the strength of large ag. 
 Finally, Ag and Turf's price realization is projected to be positive. 
 Let's focus now on Construction and Forestry on Slide 15. Net sales were down 8% in the quarter and operating profit was down 2%. The $132 million decline in sales, with only a $2 million reduction in operating profit, is a reflection of price realization, good execution and lever-pulling to control cost in response to slower demand. 
 On Slide 16, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, the economy continues slowly moving forward. Although government construction continues to fall and the situation in Washington remains uncertain, we are beginning to see some positive indicators. Home sales and prices are improving and residential construction is growing. Some markets are seeing building lot shortages and architects and builders are reporting more activity. Global forestry markets are expected to be up about 5% in 2014. Following double-digit growth in 2013, North American forestry markets are expected up about 5%, while Europe and Russia are expected to improve from the depressed levels of 2013. 
 Fiscal 2014 net sales in Construction and Forestry are forecast to be up about 10%. The increase reflects increased shipments following the low levels of 2013 in response to an improving U.S. economy. As we move into 2014, Deere inventories of new, fresh machines as a percentage of sales are at all-time lows. That gives us the ability to quickly respond to improving market conditions. The division also will benefit from increased international sales, as its factories in Brazil and China begin low levels of production. C&F's full year operating margin is projected to be about 9%. 
 Let's move now to our Financial Services operations. Slide 17 shows the Financial Services provision for credit losses at 3 basis points based on the percentage of the total average owned portfolio at the end of the year. This reflects the excellent quality of our portfolios and recoveries from prior year's write-offs. Our 2014 financial forecast contemplates a loss provision of about 16 basis points as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. The increased provision is a result of unsustainably low loss levels of the last 3 years. Even with the forecast increase, losses would remain well below the 10-year average of about 28 basis points, and the 15-year average of 48 basis points. 
 Moving to Slide 18, worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $157 million in the fourth quarter, versus $122 million last year. 2014 net income attributable to Deere & Company is forecast to be about $600 million. That compares with $565 million in 2013. 
 Slide 19 outlines receivables and inventory. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the year down $276 million, equal to approximately 24.8% of prior 12-month sales, compared with 26.8% a year ago. Receivables and inventories ended the year at about 25.9% of prior 12-month sales, including the impact of $372 million of receivables and inventory for John Deere Landscapes that were reclassified to assets held for sale. Ag and Turf ending receivables and inventory were up $269 million, including the assets held for sale mentioned above. Construction and Forestry ended the year with $173 million with the -- ended the year down $173 million, putting us in prime position to react to improving markets. We expect to end 2014 with receivables and inventory down about $150 million, reflecting strong asset management in both divisions. 
 Our 2014 guidance for cost of sales as a percent of net sales is shown on Slide 20 and is forecast to be about 74%. When modeling 2014, keep in mind the following: price, about 2 points; and unfavorable mix of product, as we talked about earlier; Tier 4 product cost; overhead spend due to higher employment levels; and lower pension and OPEB expense. 
 Looking at R&D expense on Slide 21, R&D was up about 1% in the fourth quarter, compared with the same period last year, and up about 3% for the full year. Our 2014 forecast calls for R&D expense to be down about 3% for the full year. 
 Moving now to Slide 22. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down about 1% in the fourth quarter and up about 5% for the full year. SA&G expense is forecast to be down about 4% in 2014. In the year-over-year comparison of SA&G expenses, Landscapes accounts for about 8 points of the change. 
 On Slide 23, pension and OPEB expense was down about $5 million in the quarter compared with last year and up about $65 million for the full year. Pension and OPEB expense is forecast to be down about $150 million in 2014, due to a higher discount rate and strong asset performance. 
 Turning to Slide 24, the equipment operations tax rate was approximately 35% in the fourth quarter and about 36% for the full year. For full year 2014, the effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34% to 36%. 
 On Slide 25, you see our equipment operations' history of strong cash flow. Cash flow from equipment operations was approximately $4.7 billion in 2013. Our 2014 forecast is about $3.9 billion. 
 Slide 26 outlines our use of cash priorities, which are unchanged and no doubt familiar to many of you. Our #1 priority is to manage the balance sheet, including liquidity, to support a rating that provides access to low-cost and readily available short- and long-term funding. Thus, Deere is strongly committed to its A rating. 
 Our second use of cash priority is funding value-creating investments in our operations. A third priority is to provide for the common stock dividend, which we have raised 82% since 2010. Over time, we want to consistently deliver a series of moderately increased dividends while targeting a 25% to 35% payout ratio on average. In this regard, we're mindful of the importance of maintaining the dividend and not growing it beyond a point that can be comfortably sustained by our cash flow. Share repurchases are a method of deploying excess cash, once the previous requirements are met and as long as such repurchase is value-enhancing. From 2004 to 2013, we have returned about 58% of cash from the equipment operations to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. 
 On Slide 27, we outline our 2014 outlook for the first quarter and full year. Our net sales forecast for the first quarter is down about 2% compared with 2013. This includes about 3 points of price realization. In the year-over-year comparison of first quarter sales, Landscapes accounts for about 2 points of that change. The full year forecast calls for net sales to be down about 3%. In the year-over-year comparison of worldwide net sales, Landscapes accounts for about 3 points of the change. On a comparable basis, the change in 2014 net sales is about flat with the strong level of 2013. Price realization is expected to be positive by about 2 points. Finally, our full year 2014 net income forecast is about $3.3 billion. 
 In closing, John Deere enters 2014 on a strong pace. As mentioned, we're expecting the world's ag markets to relax a bit next year and for sales of farm machinery to be somewhat lower. But we also expect to see improvement in our construction equipment and benefits from our global investments and new factories. At the same time, our plans will continue moving ahead to pursue new markets, add productive new models of equipment and expand our global customer base. John Deere, in our view, remains well positioned to respond to the needs of a growing world and equally well positioned to provide significant benefits to our investors in the years ahead. I'll now turn the call over to Raj. 
Rajesh Kalathur: Yes, I'll take a minute to recognize Marie Ziegler. As many of you know, Marie Ziegler, Deere's longtime Head of Investor Relations and currently Deputy Financial -- Chief Financial Officer, will be retiring soon after 35 years with the company. Over this time, she has become well known to the investment community as Deere's primary face and voice. She initiated Deere's quarterly conference calls in 1990s and has been a knowledgeable and authoritative presence on them ever since. Indeed, Marie essentially created the Deere IR function and has developed quite a reputation in the field for her efforts to build strong relations with the company's investors. She's also developed employees and capabilities at Deere to sustain our reputation in this field for the long term. This is Marie's final call. She will be missed by all of us, but her many contributions to the company, its investors and to the practice of Investor Relations itself, will no doubt, be felt for years to come. I'm sure Marie's friends in the analyst community join those of us at Deere in wishing her much health and happiness as she enters the next chapter of her life. Thank you, Marie. 
Tony Huegel: Okay. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. [Operator Instructions] Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jamie Cook. 
Jamie Cook: Crdit Suisse. And congratulations, Marie, we'll miss you a lot. I guess, just my question relates, if you could provide a little more color on what your assumptions are? You said within -- when we think about the ag business, we should think about Tier 4 and what the implications are. Can you just give us a little more color on what you assume the costs are sort of associated -- associated with that, as well as what you're assuming with material costs this year? I guess I'll start off with that. 
Tony Huegel: Sure. And as you're aware last year, we did change our guidance some and we're giving an overall cost of sales number. And so, we're no longer giving the details of the moving pieces. I think as Susan went through the list of things to keep in mind in terms of those items that are creating a higher cost, mix would be the largest and then Tier 4 emissions cost would be the second largest. You'll note the absence of reference to material costs, which I think from there, you can, you can infer that the impact is not material enough to mention. 
Jamie Cook: All right. I guess my second question, what struck me about your forecast in a down ag market, the earnings that you're going to be able to put up. So you talked about R&D being down, I think, 3% or something like that year-over-year. Can you just talk about sort of structurally, should R&D continue to come down as a percent of sales with some of the major spend and initiatives over and just your ability to hold up profits in, potentially, a much softer ag equipment market? 
Tony Huegel: Sure. And I think with the R&D reduction, it's fair to note, first of all, Susan had mentioned the reduction in pension and OPEB expense and that does impact R&D to some degree. So that's part of the reduction. And so, I would argue we're really not flat. We're a little below flat, but closer to that if you take out the impact of the pension OPEB. But it does reflect our focus on continuing to maintain the cost, to your point, as we move through Final Tier 4 now and as we -- 2015, we have a significant number of products coming in as well. But as we continue to move through that, it would be fair to expect, all things being equal, to start to see some reduction in R&D. Of course, that's assuming there aren't other additional opportunities in -- in new products, those sorts of things. 
Marie Ziegler: Chime in to that, when we look at our R&D spend, Jamie, we're really looking at the long term and the opportunities and we're investing for growth. And while of course, depending on business conditions, you're going to be very mindful of that, we really have our eye on the long term when we consider that. You shouldn't really look at a near-term market condition per se and correlate that to the R&D spend because the lead times and the investment horizon is much longer. 
Jamie Cook: Okay. And congrats, Marie. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Uhlman. 
Adam Uhlman: It's Cleveland Research. I was wondering if we could start with the revenue forecast for the global ag markets with -- most of the market's forecast down 5% to 10% or so, but Deere's revenues down only a little bit less than that. The price realization outlook does look like that's going to be easing as the year progresses, with pricing 3% for the company going down to 2% for the year. So I was wondering if you could walk through some of those moving pieces. 
Tony Huegel: Yes. Keep in mind that the industry guidance would not include, you pointed out pricing, so as we're forecasting 2 points of positive price realization for 2014, of course, ag would be contributing to that. So that wouldn't be included. Market share gains and expectations also would not be included in those industry outlooks. The other thing, and Susan highlighted that, is keep in mind South America's only focused, in terms of our outlook, only referring to combines and tractors. And so for Deere, there is significant opportunity, as we're a full product offer -- have a full product offering in South America, things like sugarcane harvesters, planters. Susan also mentioned the Deere-Bauer planter, which is localized in Brazil now, sprayers that we've recently localized. So we have a lot of opportunity beyond that there. And of course, CIS and Asia are not numerically represented. So those are a few items that cause some disparity between the industry outlook and the Deere guidance. 
Adam Uhlman: Okay, got you. And then, Tony, could you also address what the order book looks like right now in total and also for the large ag products, please? 
Tony Huegel: Yes. Most of the commentary we would have would be around large ag, in particular. As we look at -- the one most -- or a couple that most are focused on are combines and large tractors. And the early order program for combines, keep in mind it's a little hard, because of some of the timing differences in our 2013 and 2014 early order programs. We had a much earlier start this year as part of our Final Tier 4 transition, but what we'll tell you is combines today are down year-over-year on orders. That's reflected in our outlook. If you look at large tractors, however, it's still a very, very strong order book. It is open through the end of May today. And so as you look at 8R tractors, our availability on 8R tractors is out to basically early June. This year on the wheel tractor, last year that would've been around April time frame. And then if you look at track tractors, our 9R tractors, again on the wheeled variety, availability is March this year of 2014. Last year, we would've been in the February time frame. So both of those are running a little ahead. Track tractors, conversely, are about a month or so lighter than where we were last year. So, 8R track availability in April versus May last year and then 9Rs are February versus May of last year. But still, overall, a pretty strong order book as we look out into, especially the first half of next year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Wertheimer. 
Robert Wertheimer: It's Vertical Research Partners. So let me just see if I could follow up on that. So it seems as though your more cautious outlook on industry volumes next year is a little bit more driven by assumption than it is by orders on the ground, unless you've got production cuts embedded in those longer lead times year-over-year. Is that correct or is the combines down enough to offset that? 
Tony Huegel: No, you would be correct. And as we talked about tractors, you would have -- if you looked at a numeric basis, you're more apples-to-apples, if anything, you have a little bit higher volume in terms of numbers of tractors in the 2014 order book versus the 2013. So it actually would be the opposite on tractors. 
Robert Wertheimer: Yes, perfect. And then can you walk through a little bit, just the timing of pricing as you go from Tier 4 I to Tier 4 Final, especially in Europe, where over at Agritechnica, I believe some people have sort of engines stockpiled, both large public competitors and smaller ones. And then I think you've done a stub pricing on combines starting in November for the -- the old tier, but not -- can you kind of walk through when you started raising pricing? And then I assume as your volume outlook for unit sales fades throughout the year, what is offsetting is -- that is the pricing. So I just wanted to see if you could go market-by-market, when that pricing kicks in. 
Tony Huegel: Yes, as you think about the pricing, certainly, you're right, we did. As we started our model here, we did have some stub price, some lighter price increases on the Interim Tier 4 product that we're producing ahead of the transitions. And then we will have... 
Robert Wertheimer: That starts in November? Sorry. 
Tony Huegel: Pardon me? Yes, that would have been effective in November, on combine. And then when we begin our transition in January and start shipping Final Tier 4, of course, there will be a bit of another bump in pricing with the Final Tier 4 product. Similar situation with the 8R tractors. You have a smaller price increase beginning in November on the IT4 product. Again, the 8R, as you might recall, transitions in April time frame. 7R is a little less impacted, because it's similar to combines, it's transitioning in January time frame. 
Marie Ziegler: But remember that the price increases that are associated with the Final Tier 4, that with the compliance, are not included in price, because we consider that volume, because you're getting something different or new with that. And so it is all stripped out and re-classed into volume. So you won't see that in that 2% number. 
Robert Wertheimer: No, for sure, Marie. Are you able to say on Europe, I don't know whether you're going to go over the new emissions tier in January or more like on average, July or August, September? 
Marie Ziegler: Europe is a -- the primary market in Europe is a smaller horsepower. So that's really not the first phase of Final Tier 4. I think, I can't remember what it's called in Europe, Stage 4 or something like that, but that's really a 2015 now phenomena. Yes. 
Tony Huegel: Yes, exactly. And to your point, though. Keep in mind, in Europe, it's based on when -- the effective date is based on when the engine is produced, not when -- in the U.S., where it's based on when the equipment begins final production. So there is a little bit different strategy in terms of how you plan for those transitions for Europe versus the U.S. 
Marie Ziegler: I probably should -- I think I said smaller market, I should've said lower horsepower tractor. 
Tony Huegel: Lower horsepower. 
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Volkmann. 
Stephen Volkmann: It's Jefferies. Marie, I think you're the first person I met in 1998 when I started covering this group, so I appreciate all of your insights. 
Marie Ziegler: Wow. Thank you. 
Stephen Volkmann: So, on to business. I'm wondering if we could focus just a little bit on Brazil. I'm curious if you think that the market share gains in ag that you've had down there will continue or do you sort of reach a balancing point at some point? And then maybe on the construction side, how much do we think we'll actually get out of those plants down there in 2014? 
Tony Huegel: Sure. And the answer to the first question is specifically related to tractors in terms of market share. Absolutely, we believe we'll continue to gain traction and gain market share in that market. We continue to localize product. We've talked about the 8R tractor will be localized by the end of 2015, but as we continue to leverage that dealer distribution, as we continue to leverage our full product offering that we have available in-country, we fully expect that, that market share trend will continue. As it relates to Construction and Forestry, of course, as with any new factory, it will ramp up a little slower. But in terms of importance for Deere, keep in mind that this is also the first full year that we'll have our distribution in place in Brazil. So as you look at the sales increase for Construction and Forestry, certainly you're beginning to see, and I think Susan mentioned in the opening comments, we're beginning to see some benefit from those investments like Brazil, of course, our China facility. We export a significant portion of that into the Russian market, so we'll see some benefit there. And then, of course, forestry starting to recover outside of the U.S. and Canada as well. But certainly, we'll begin to see some benefit from those operations. 
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. And then, I guess, my related follow-up. There seems to be quite a bit of confusion about the availability of FINAME financing in various end markets down there in 2014. Do you guys have any intelligence on that? 
Tony Huegel: Yes. At this point, we still feel that the FINAME program will continue to be very supportive to sales. I think there was some confusion or some concerns around a recent announcement that was made that's limiting a bit of the 2013, the remaining 2013 financing that's available. Really, as we look at that, it's -- our view is that it's really regulating kind of that year end process as they transition to the 2014. What's happened is that under the -- there's 2 ways you can apply for that financing. Under the conventional application process, which is a little bit longer term, but you also have longer lead time, that basically was suspended. You had until the end of November to deliver product. But there's still the opportunity to get that 3.5% interest rate through the simplified application process. So it's -- the funds are still available. As you look out into 2014, maybe more to your question, we fully expect that there will be a FINAME program in place at the beginning of 2014. While nothing specifically has been announced, most are expecting that, that interest rate will increase. Our best estimate is somewhere in the 4.5% to 5.5% interest rate versus the 3.5% this year, or in the back half of 2013. But again, continue to believe that it will be very supportive for equipment sales. And that is -- it's a good point. And that is all fully factored into our outlook. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ross Gilardi. 
Ross Gilardi: Bank of America. I was just wondering, can you elaborate a little bit more on Europe, on the back of Agritechnica and sort of demand levels there? In your forecast, a little bit weaker outlook for 2014, and any color on the U.K. versus other parts of Europe or -- versus Scandinavia, for example? 
Tony Huegel: Sure. I think generally speaking, again, you're -- we are looking for the market, the industry, to be a little softer and it's really reflective, I think, overall, as you look at lower farm income as a result of the lower commodity prices that certainly, that's still at very strong levels and very supportive levels, but year-over-year, it would be down somewhat. Livestock margins, of course, will benefit from those lower commodity prices. So you're seeing some strength there as well. As you look at some of the moving pieces. Certainly, the U.K. we would expect to see some recovery. As you might remember, 2013 was a down year on demand in the U.K. as a result of some of the weather impact. They had some very wet, both harvest of 2012 and into the planting season of 2013. Actually, seeing some recovery in Spain as well. Conversely, you're seeing France, one of our larger markets there, you're seeing a little bit of weakness there. Again, following a very strong 2013. So still a good level, but seeing a little bit of weakness as we go into 2014 year-over-year. 
Marie Ziegler: And just -- I'll just add that France actually is the largest agricultural equipment market in the EU 28. So as they go, that does have an impact on the overall. 
Ross Gilardi: Okay. And then just on Construction and Forestry, I mean, clearly you've managed your profitability very well and your working capital, but you seem to be going into 2014, as with others, on a somewhat weak note from a top line perspective. So aside from the different macro indicators and so forth, what gives you the confidence in the construction outlook to call for 10% growth at this point? 
Tony Huegel: Well, I think as we mentioned before, certainly as you look at the U.S. markets, U.S. and Canada markets, and look at the underlying fundamentals, they are much improved as we go forward. You look at things like GDP forecasted at 2.5% versus the 1.5% in '13. 
Marie Ziegler: If you can call that much improvement. It's improved in the right direction. 
Tony Huegel: Yes, but it's improved, in the right direction. Housing starts being up yet again in the forecast for 2014. You're starting to see some site development financing, while not picking up, you're not seeing that continuing to drop off. So you have the underlying fundamentals. But again, keep in mind, as we look at that up 10%, that also is reflecting some strength outside of the U.S. and Canada as well. As we continue to invest in those businesses, we're starting to see that pay off in sales. 
Marie Ziegler: And the fact that we're able to build some demand as opposed to reducing inventories, which we did do in 2013, so the combination collectively gives us an up 10%. 
Operator: The next question comes from Eli Lustgarten. 
Eli Lustgarten: Longbow Securities. And obviously, Marie, we've had a long relationship, I'm going to miss you an awful lot. I wish you the best. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you. Likewise. 
Eli Lustgarten: Can I get 1 clarification? With the sale of John D., the landscaping or the portion of ownership in the 2014, you took a $45 million impairment charge in the fourth quarter, so it's about $0.08. Is there is a gain that's going to be associated with the $300 million that you're going to get in your 2014 forecast? You've embedded -- you said it's a part of it, but is there a gain associated with that $300 million? 
Tony Huegel: No. 
Marie Ziegler: No. 
Tony Huegel: No, there would not be. 
Eli Lustgarten: No, even though the fair value of it -- of what you own is $80 million, implying it's worth $120 million, which is the... 
Tony Huegel: The $45 million would reflect what the fair value is based on the terms of the agreement. 
Eli Lustgarten: Yes, so there would be no gain on the $300 million that you're getting? 
Tony Huegel: Correct. 
Eli Lustgarten: And now can we talk a little bit of the outlook, I mean, the biggest change that happened on Friday night was the ethanol ruling from the -- on the National Fuel Standard to reduce the amount of corn ethanol that's going to be likely for 2014. And that's going to raise the carryover somewhat materially, if it actually goes through. Have you embedded that into your forecast and your outlook for next year? 
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely. That was done as -- actually even though it was leaked in October, the rumors and the expectations had been in play long before that. So that is fully factored into our outlook. 
Eli Lustgarten: So you expect this [indiscernible] -- can you talk about -- I mean, the profitability of Ag was far higher than the guidance we got initially. We were 15%, you came in at 16% with a very, very strong fourth quarter. Was that just strictly volume going -- volume and pricing going through and the difference and decline to 15%, the same thing is the changes that you gave us? Was there anything else happening in the quarter that gave us that strong profitability? 
Tony Huegel: Again, I think as you look, certainly you had production costs, were, as you look at the fourth quarter, price realization was the biggest piece we did. SA&G was down year-over-year in the quarter as well. So I think, kind of the spending, price and spending were the biggest impacts. 
Marie Ziegler: We came in a whole point better on the price than what we would have originally projected. 
Rajesh Kalathur: Eli, on the John Deere Landscapes, you're right that there's no accounting gain. But I want you to understand that, economically, it was a good decision for us. 
Eli Lustgarten: I know, absolutely. I just didn't know whether the accounting gain is embedded in the guidance that you gave us. And the 9% margin in construction is due to the higher volume, I assume? 
Tony Huegel: Largely driven by better volumes, absolutely. 
Marie Ziegler: We have a little more favorable mix and an issue this year, so -- but a little better mix, it's primarily volume. 
Operator: The next question comes from Nicole DeBlase. 
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, it's Morgan Stanley. I was hoping you might be able to talk a little bit about the -- within the 5% to 10% decline forecast within U.S. and Canada ag, what is the outlook for large versus small and medium ag? 
Tony Huegel: Yes, I think certainly as we've mentioned in the opening comments, you're looking at a greater decline closer to, again, lower double-digits in the large ag and some strength in small ag. 
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Okay, got it. And then can you just give a sense of how used equipment inventory is tracking on the ag side? 
Tony Huegel: Sure. As you look at used, again, I think the 2 categories most are asking about would be large tractors and combines. As you look at used equipment levels in the quarter on combines, actually, inventories dropped very considerably during our fourth quarter, about a 25% drop from July to October. So that's been a very good sign. Used tractor inventory on the flip side is up and certainly, that's reflective of the higher demand level we've had on new equipment. But we are seeing higher levels of tractors and certainly are focused on that and monitoring that closely. 
Marie Ziegler: But pricing on used tractors is actually up single-digit and turnover continues to be very good. Combines are down a little from very high levels, but still at good levels in terms of price. 
Operator: The next question comes from Mig Dobre. 
Mircea Dobre: Robert W. Baird & Company. Marie, first, congrats and good luck going forward. I guess, the first question for me was kind of a housekeeping question. Looking at JD Landscape, can you help us with the operating income impact on 2014? You helped us with the revenue. 
Marie Ziegler: There's not much of an impact. I would -- you can just consider it a neutral. They were profitable, but it's -- but you will -- the absence of the impairment is probably a more important item. 
Rajesh Kalathur: So it's -- just think of it as slightly accretive going forward. 
Marie Ziegler: Yes. 
Rajesh Kalathur: Okay? 
Mircea Dobre: Okay. Okay. And sort of in the same vein, looking at Financial Services, income is expected to increase slightly, about $35 million versus '13. But ag volumes, generally speaking, are challenged. I guess I'm wondering, what exactly is it to drive this growth next year in Financial Services? 
Marie Ziegler: The portfolio is up significantly. We're up about $5 billion this year. And so, you get the benefit of having that larger portfolio for the full year. 
Mircea Dobre: So you're not really expecting a contraction in the portfolio, given lower volumes as the year progresses? 
Marie Ziegler: Correct. Correct. But expect that there -- and next year, we're actually projecting further growth in the portfolio. 
Mircea Dobre: I see. Then the last question for me would be one on pricing. 
Tony Huegel: Just a reminder as you think about portfolio... 
Mircea Dobre: I'm trying to sort of equate your expectations for pricing in '14, given that most ag end markets are expected to actually see decline in volumes. 
Marie Ziegler: Well, remember when we talk about a portfolio for credit? The notes are written with 5-year lives and I think our average life is in the range of 2 to 2.5 years. So, one year's activity in terms of sales will impact that portfolio for up to 5 years. Does that help? 
Mircea Dobre: It does. And I don't know if you caught my last one on pricing. I'm wondering what the dealer's perspective -- in your conversations with your dealers, how are they thinking about their ability to push through the price increases that you're talking about? 
Tony Huegel: Well, certainly, that would be -- as we set our pricing and so on, that would be one of the factors we're considering. So it's all included in our outlook. And so that up to 2 points of price realization in the year is what we would anticipate being able to do. 
Marie Ziegler: And we just had a large number of new product introductions we believe will be adding significant value into the market and we think that will help. That certainly helps support our ability to get that price realization. 
Operator: The next question comes from Seth Weber. 
Unknown Analyst: This is actually -- it's Daniel in for Seth, so RBC Capital Markets. So I guess my question is on pricing. This year it's up 2%. I guess it's a little lower than prior year. So I guess, is this kind of a function of mix, with less big equipment or are markets getting... 
Marie Ziegler: Yes, that would certainly have a -- play a very big role in it. As you see the large ag softening a little and small ag stepping up a bit, you don't necessarily have the same impact on pricing. And a lot of new product introductions over the last year really were targeted at large ag. And again, product introduction schedules have been driven by the compliance with Final Tier 4 emissions. So you'll see a round of activity in the coming year or 2, related to that smaller thing that will also -- smaller products that will help support pricing there as well. Tony, do you have anything to add? 
Tony Huegel: I do not. 
Unknown Analyst: Are, have you -- have markets been getting more competitive at all as well or it's just really the mix? 
Marie Ziegler: I think it's mix. I wouldn't say that the markets are ever not competitive. 
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And I guess, one quick follow-up, just on the bonus depreciation. Is this kind of baked into your forecast or... 
Tony Huegel: Yes. We certainly, as we're looking into next year, our base case would assume that the bonus depreciation does not get renewed. And on Section 179, just -- obviously, there's -- as you look at Section 179, we would believe there is a better potential that you'd see some extension there. Our base case, given the uncertainty in, at least in our outlook, is based on kind of in the middle ground, where it would be extended, but it would be at the 250,000 versus the 500 this year. Okay, next caller? And this will be our last question. 
Operator: The final question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz. 
Andy Kaplowitz: It's Barclays. Marie, congratulations and enjoy. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Andy. 
Andy Kaplowitz: So can you talk about your cash generation in the quarter? It was way higher than we modeled. I know there was some noise, I guess, from JD Landscape in the accounting, but is there anything you did differently in the quarter? Is it just lower inventory and just better working capital management when it comes down to it? 
Marie Ziegler: It's actually, we had better income, you have the impairments, which actually further helped, because those were noncash charges, accrued taxes came in a little lower and payables also were favorable. And those are really the big items affecting the cash flow generation in the quarter, that's versus our expectations. 
Andy Kaplowitz: Okay. So, Marie, I want to try and ask a share repurchase question. And I know Tony is going to not want to give me an answer, but I'm going to ask it anyway. Can we think at least that your recent share repurchase behavior is more representative of what we might expect going forward versus your cautiousness at the beginning of FY '13, despite what we've seen from corn prices lately and continued government uncertainty, like how do we look at what was a very strong 4Q, I thought, in repurchases? 
Marie Ziegler: I think as we got confidence and certainly saw the cash flow coming in better in the quarter, you saw us able to respond better. In any given quarter, it's very difficult to read anything into our future plans. I'm going to tell you, in the first quarter, you can expect that we're going to typically be fairly cautious, because remember, we are big users of cash in that first quarter. So you're going to want to look at our activities over the course of the year. This year, we returned 50% of our cash through dividends and share repurchase, and over the last decade, we've been running more at like 55% to 60%. We are very proud of that track record and we've always said that we're interested in being known as a company that has a long history of making dividend increases and we've kept our word on that. It's not necessarily every year at a fixed period, but consistently. And then secondly, we very much view share repurchase as a way to return our residual cash, and looking at the cash projections, there would be some hope for those of you cheering on share repurchase, that you'll continue to see that. 
Rajesh Kalathur: So Andy, I would add that the receipts from the sale of John Deere Landscapes, $300 million in cash, that is something that you should expect us to use for share repurchases over the next 12 months as well. 
Marie Ziegler: Yes, and that is not in our cash flow number because that's cash generated by investing activity, so that would be okay. And with that, we're going to need to wrap up. So I'm going to just sign off on my 83rd conference call. Thank you, all. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-08-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director of Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager of Investor Communications Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer Marie Ziegler - Deputy Financial Officer 
Analysts: Ross Gilardi - Bank of America  Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs David Raso - ISI Group  Andy Casey - Wells Fargo Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse  Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners  Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird  Steven Fisher - UBS Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research  Larry DeMaria - William Blair  Adam Fleck - Morningstar Ann Duignan - JP Morgan  Ashish Gupta - CLSA  Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deeres third quarter earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our chief financial officer; Marie Ziegler, deputy financial officer; and Susan Karlix, manager of investor communications. Today well take a closer look at Deeres third quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and how we expect to end the fiscal year. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and NASDAQ OMX. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Susan?
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Tony. John Deeres strong performance continued in the third quarter of 2013. Earnings jumped 26% on a sales increase of 4%. Both earnings and sales were the highest of any third quarter in the companys history and it marked our 13th quarter in a row of record profits. The game was led by ag and turf, which had another terrific quarter, with operating margins of about 17%. Financial services also made a major contribution, while construction and forestry kept profits in line with last year in spite of a slump in sales. No doubt, John Deere is being helped by a strong market for large farm machinery in North and South America. However, our results showed disciplined execution of our business plans too, plans focused on winning new customers around the world while keeping a close watch on costs and asset levels. In all, it was a productive quarter, putting John Deere well on the way to another very good year.  Now lets take a look at the third quarter in detail, beginning on slide three. Net sales and revenues were up 4% in the quarter, to $10 billion. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $997 million. As noted, both sales and income were the best ever third quarter results recorded by the company.  On slide four, total worldwide equipment [operator] net sales were $9.3 billion, up 4% quarter over quarter, including an unfavorable impact from currency translation of about 1 point. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 3 points.  Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with agriculture and turf on slide five. Sales were up 8% in the quarter, on continuing strength in the global ag economy, especially North and South America. Operating profit was $1.3 billion, up 32%. The divisions results included an impairment charge for long lived assets related to John Deere Water of approximately $50 million pretax, $44 million after tax. Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals [affecting] the ag business.  Slide six outlines U.S. farm cash receipts. For the year ahead, crop yields are forecast to be higher than in 2012, and much closer to normal, but prices will be somewhat lower. This reflects recovery from last years drought conditions. Conversely, livestock receipts are forecast to be higher in 2013 than 2012. As a result of these factors, our forecast calls for 2013 cash receipts to be about $390 billion, the second highest on record, and a solid level of income. On slide seven, with forecasts of a bumper crop, lower crop prices, and an increase in stock [unintelligible] ratios, our initial outlook for 2014 U.S. farm cash receipts is down modestly, but remains at a historically high level, approximately $380 billion. 2014 cash receipts, the number one predictor of farm equipment sales, are expected to remain at an excellent level, helping keep farmers in a financially sound position.  Our economic outlook for the E.U. 28 is on slide eight. We continue to see offsetting trends in the E.U. on the one hand, ag fundamentals remain positive and production is expected to increase about 7%. Above average commodity prices are driving supportive farm income. Beef prices are leveling off at historic highs while pork and milk prices are favorable. On the other hand, farm machinery demand is expected to be lower in 2013, as the financial crisis continues to weigh on farmer sentiment and softness in the U.K. continues. On slide nine, youll see the economic fundamentals outlined for a few of our other targeted growth markets. Of note is the decline in our outlook for the CIS countries.  The market is softer than our previous forecast, as import duties continue affecting combine demand in Russia, Kazakhstan, and Belarus. Hot, dry weather has impacted crop prospects in southern Russia and Ukraine, and credit availability is also hurting equipment demand. Slide 10 illustrates the value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness in Brazil. With expectations for a strong soybean crop due to an increase in acres planted, higher yields, and sustained high crop prices, the 2013 value of ag production in Brazil is expected to increase about 6% over the 2012 level. Our 2013 ag and turf industry outlook is summarized on slide 11. In the U.S. and Canada, we continue to see strength in demand, especially for high horse power tractors and combines. We continue to project industry sales to be up about 5% in relation to the healthy levels of 2012. The E.U. 28 industry outlook is down about 5%, no change from our prior forecast.  Throughout fiscal 2013, we have, each quarter, raised the industry outlook for South America, and we have done so again. Based on a combination of positive farm fundamentals, plus supportive financing programs in Brazil, we now expect industry sales of tractors and combines in South America to be up about 20% in 2013. South America continues to grow in importance for Deere. Our tractor market share has grown considerably, but our strong presence in combines, sugarcane harvesters, and feeding equipment should not go unnoticed. Shifting to the CIS, as we noted earlier, our 2013 industry outlook is now moderately lower, a decrease from a quarter ago. In Asia, we continue to forecast little change in industry sales from 2012. Turning to another product category, we now expect industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada to be up about 5% in 2013, as favorable summer weather has driven much stronger demand. Deere is seeing strength in commercial mowing equipment, utility vehicles, and zero track mowers.  Putting all of this together on slide 12, fiscal year 2013 Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment continue to be forecast to be up about 7%, including about 1 point of negative currency translation. 2013 operating margin for the ag and turf division is forecast at about 16%, a point increase since our last forecast. As we have discussed all year, last years fourth quarter sales were particularly strong. Production schedules were higher to accommodate the interim tier 4 transition at a time when the factories were running at very high rates to catch up with customer orders. Consequently, sales for ag in the fourth quarter of 2013 are expected to be lower than the fourth quarter a year ago. This reflects a tough comparison. It does not indicate any change in our outlook for demand or global ag fundamentals. Lets focus now on construction and forestry on slide 13. Net sales were down 11% in the quarter, and operating profit was down 5% due to lower shipment volumes. That $190 million decline in sales was only a $6 million reduction in operating profit is a reflection of price realization, good execution, and lever pulling to control costs in response to slow demand. On slide 14, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, the outlooks for GDP and government spending have softened since last quarter. Although overall economic growth continues at a sluggish pace, we are beginning to see some positive indicators.  While moving very slowly, residential investment is growing, home sales and prices are increasing, and there are reports that the number of build-ready lots are dwindling. Global forestry markets are now expected to be up 5-10% in 2013, as weakness in Europe and Russia is more than offset by improvement in North America. Forestry markets in the U.S. are considerably higher due to the year over year increase in housing starts.  Fiscal 2013 net sales in construction and forestry are now forecast to be down about 8%. Our previous outlook was down about 5%. The year over year sales decline is reflected in lower inventory and receivable numbers, and it has had an impact on mix as we reduce shipments of high margin equipment. C&F full year operating margin is now projected to be about 6%, a 1 point improvement from last quarter, as the division is pulling levers and cutting costs to meet its operating goals.  Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 15 shows the financial services provision for credit losses at 3 basis points, based on the percentage of the total average owned portfolio at the end of the quarter. This reflects the excellent quality of our portfolios and recoveries from prior years writeoff.  Our 2013 financial forecast now contemplates a loss provision of about 5 basis points as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. This is well below the 10-year average of about 28 basis points. Moving to slide 16, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $150 million in the third quarter, versus $110 million last year. The increased provision for credit losses cited in the press release is a function of small reductions taken in the third quarter of 2012. The loss experienced on the portfolio remains at an extremely low level. For the full year, net income attributable to Deere & Company is now forecast to be about $560 million. Slide 17 outlines receivables and inventory. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter up about $20 million, or equal to approximately 30% of prior 12-month sales, compared with 32.3% a year ago. The year over year forecasted downward tweak in ag is due to the impact of currency and reflects no real change in absolute inventory levels. C&F is now projected to be down about $175 million as we respond to slowing demand and a reduction in Canadian confined inventories. We expect to end 2013 with receivables and inventory up about $50 million. Our guidance for cost of sales as a percentage of net sales, shown on slide 18, remains at approximately 74% for the full year. Factors affecting cost of sales include price realization, production or manufacturing costs, raw material costs, engine emissions product costs, absorption, and effects of foreign currency. When modeling the full year, keep in mind the following: price realizations: we are forecasting about 3 points in 2013; favorable year over year raw material costs; the impact on cost of sales of new employees; interim tier four product costs; absorption due to the low levels of inventory compared to 2012; and an unfavorable mix of product in C&F, as we talked about earlier. Looking at R&D expense on slide 19, R&D was down about 8% in the third quarter, compared with the same period last year. This is consistent with our earlier guidance that the increase in R&D spending for 2013 would occur in the first half of the year. Our 2013 forecast continues to call for R&D expense to be up about 3% for the full year.  Moving now to slide 20, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 4% in the third quarter. Very much like R&D, the quarter over quarter increases for SA&G were heavily weighted to the first half of the year. SA&G expense is forecast to be up about 7% in 2013, no change from our previous guidance. On slide 21, pension and OPEB was up about $15 million in the quarter, compared with last year.  Turning to slide 22, the equipment operations tax rate was about 36% in the third quarter. For full year 2015 the effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34-36%, representing no change from our previous forecast. On slide 23, UCR equipment operations history of strong cash flow: our forecast for cash flow from equipment operations is now about $3.8 billion in 2013. Of note is a $700 million Deere & Company debt maturity in April 2014. On slide 24, we outline our 2013 outlook for the fourth quarter and full year. Our net sales forecast for the fourth quarter is down about 5% compared with 2012, due to the extremely tough comparison discussed earlier. This includes about 3 points of price realization.  The full year forecast calls for net sales to be up about 5%, with 1 point of unfavorable exchange. Thus, the forecast at constant currency up about 6% represents no change from our last forecast. Price realization is expected to be positive by about 3 points. Finally, our full year 2013 net income forecast has increased to about $3.45 billion. In closing, John Deere is well on the road to another year of impressive performance. Even with a difficult comparison in store for the fourth quarter, our financial guidance implies a healthy level of income, helping us wrap up a third consecutive year of record results. Also, it is significant to note that Deere has been consistently setting new performance records despite facing some significant headwinds, including a sluggish global economy, political gridlock in Washington, and a host of major product changeovers associated with more stringent emissions rules. As for the longer term picture, it remains extremely bright. Indeed, the broad trends weve been talking about, based on a growing, richer, more urban population appear to have plenty of staying power, staying power that we believe will help the company deliver substantial value to its customers and investors for years to come. Tony? 
Tony Huegel : Thank you, Susan. Now were ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedures, but as a reminder, in consideration of others, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow up. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from Ross Gilardi. And please state your company name.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America : I just wanted to ask about your cash receipt outlook. If you look at your cash receipt outlook for 2014, if youre right, cash receipts will essentially have been flat for the last four years, from 2011 to 2014. Yet Deeres top line has obviously grown substantially, so is the relationship between cash receipts and equipment breaking down? Is there risk that you have to give a lot of that sales increase back in coming years, even if cash receipts are kind of flattish next year? Could you explain that? Because clearly your sales have been growing at a much faster pace than cash receipts for the last several years.
Tony Huegel : And I just want to clarify. Youre speaking to the U.S. farm cash receipt number, and as weve talked about in the past, that is probably the best indicator of equipment sales. And we have talked about, in recent years, that in these very high levels of cash receipts, when you see fluctuations plus or minus 5%, we would view those really as relatively flattish.  And so to your point, longer term, certainly we dont believe theres a breakdown in the correlation between cash receipts and equipment sales, but when youre at these very high levels, it isnt necessarily as direct of a relationship as you would see over a longer cycle. 
Marie Ziegler : Maybe just to add to what Tony said, first, we have had very good price realization, and we have benefited from the array of new products that we have introduced over the last several years, including in Brazil, which has been a very strong growth market for us, and we have significantly increased our presence and our sales in that market. So youve really seen the benefit of a number of investments.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America : And could you just clarify, youve increased your net income outlook, but kept your sales outlook unchanged. Why is that?
Marie Ziegler : Better execution. Youre seeing good discipline in terms of our R&D, our SA&G, factory spend, and we have successfully gone through the balance of the IT4 transition, so a number of positive trends. And again, kudos to our operating folks.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz. And please state your company name. 
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays: Maybe you can give us a little more color on the early order book in the context of, we know you had a combine program out there that was sort of early, early order program. And then maybe if you can talk about, has there been any impact from the recent drop in crop prices on that order book?
Tony Huegel : With combines in particular, its a little difficult to talk about year over year changes, because it is different this year. We did have a window in June really related to our final tier 4 transition, specifically our early order program begins in August. That program went very well, but keep in mind that it was a relatively short window, and then well open up the early order program again after our new product introduction for final tier 4 production in 2014. So its fairly early. On the other early order programs, though, the spring order programs, that would be planters, seeding equipment, tillage in particular, we had a very very good year in 2012 with the early order program. And were running about flat with those programs last year. And so again, that bodes very well. Again, its early, of course, but the early order programs to date are doing very well. And I would point out, to the extent that the combine early order program in June, all the slots did fill as expected. And then the other thing, while were talking about order book into next year that we tend to talk about at this point, is on tractors. As you know, we dont have an early order program, because its not seasonal, but again, tractors are at or better than, in most cases, they were a year ago.  In fact, if you look at our 8R tractors, on the wheeled tractors, were basically out into April-May on our availability, which takes us beyond our final tier 4 transition. Last year availability was January. 8R tracks are roughly in line with a year ago. The 9R, the large four-wheel drive tractors, wheeled tractors are a little ahead this year. Theyre November. Last year was September, and then the tracks are a little bit behind year over year.  But again, generally speaking, when you look at our order books, were in a very strong position against very high levels last year.
Andrew Kaplowitz - Barclays : Can I ask you about the U.S. farm cash receipts forecast in a different way? Specifically, you only have crop receipts dropping about 4% despite what corn prices have done lately over the summer. You guys are usually pretty conservative with your forecasts, yet if I talk to the bears out there on ag, they would say your forecast looks not conservative at all. Can you talk about your confidence level in your forecast?
Marie Ziegler : At this stage of the game, this is our best forecast. And remember that cash receipts is a function of quantity, which will be very good this year, in addition to price. And I think perhaps some arent focusing as much on the quantity.
Operator: The next question comes from Jerry Revich. And please state your company name. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs : Can you just say more about the factory productivity improvement we saw in the quarter in ag and turf, as youve finished the interim tier 4 transition. It sounds like youre starting to get significantly improved productivity. Does that continue into the fourth quarter? And then just help us get a sense for the relative complexity of now transitioning to tier 4 final again compared to the transition that you just went through on interim tier 4.
Tony Huegel : As it relates to productivity, when you think about fourth quarter, keep in mind, as we talked about in the opening comments, we do have a very tough compare. Part of productivity, of course, is volumes as well, and last year our factories were running at relatively high levels, especially as it relates to the combine factory. And we would be at more normal levels this year. And so youll see a little bit of a change there in a year over year basis. Of course, as we move into final tier 4, thats largely going to impact certain quarters as we move into 2014. Combines, for example, will begin transitioning in January. I mentioned, or hinted at at least a little earlier, that our 8R tractors will transition in the April timeframe. And so well go through those transitions very similar to what we had in 2010, and so well have some quarter over quarter disruption as we go through the year.
Marie Ziegler : Maybe just the other thing, in the fourth quarter, in selected products, we will start the transition, or well start the factory prep, so there will be a little bit of impact. But nonetheless, theres been a real focus on the high quality execution youve come to expect from Deere and youre seeing that in our results.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs : And in terms of the production schedule into the fourth quarter, and maybe Marie, part of it is what you mentioned a moment ago, but the sequential decline is the biggest weve seen since 06, fourth quarter versus third quarter, how much of that is tier 4 final transition versus other factors. Just help us understand the sequential move, and obviously you explained it on a year over year basis. Im just trying to understand the sequential drivers.
Marie Ziegler : Maybe the most important thing is to remember that last year we shifted $350 million of shipments out of the third quarter into the fourth quarter. And probably over talked about combines. And so that is probably the single biggest factor. There will be some adjustments here and there, but thats really the biggest.
Operator: The next question comes from David Raso. And please state your company name.
David Raso - ISI Group : I just needed some clarification on the order book. For whats in the order book in those time periods you gave us, those are largely all non final tier 4? Theyre interim tier 4?
Tony Huegel : That would be correct. We are announcing our final tier 4 product actually this week. The new product introduction shows begin, and will be over the next couple of weeks. And then well be announcing pricing and opening the order book to final tier 4. So that is correct. Its interim tier 4 products.
David Raso - ISI Group : And just trying to think about the pricing on the final tier 4, how it could be impacting the orders to get the remaining interim tier 4. Whats been communicated on the pricing? What is built into your expectations on the pricing? And really trying to get a read on some of the order book strength.
Tony Huegel : We have made no final tier 4 price announcements at this point. So weve taken some small, on combines for example, price increases related to the interim tier 4 orders that we have early in fiscal 14, but weve announced no final tier 4 price increases. Again, it would be a little premature to announce price increases before the actual product is announced. So those price increases will follow the introduction.
David Raso - ISI Group : Would you characterize the order books as they stand, even with obviously some overtures out there, people speculating on the price increases, its reflective of the current demand out there, you would not characterize it as any pull forward, getting in front of the final tier 4 price increases?
Tony Huegel : Again, because we havent announced them, I wouldnt speculate that direction. All we can point to is where the demand is at this point, and what were seeing in our order book is a continued very strong demand level. Again, comparable or in some cases slightly better than what we saw a year ago at very strong levels. So thats about all we can say about that. So with that, thank you, and well need to move to the next caller.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Casey. And please state your company name.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo: Question on the Q3 ag and turf. If we could return to the margin performance, it was very good. Could you give the relative weighting for impact from volume productivity and material cost tailwinds, and stripping out the price and impairment charge?
Tony Huegel : For ag and turf specifically, I dont know that I have that weighting. But as you look at the total cost of sales, obviously we talked about that ratio of price realization certainly helping benefit that ratio. Raw material costs would be the other positive, impacting the cost of sales in the quarter. But then you have overhead spend, you know, largely due to the higher employment costs, emissions costs, and some absorption as we had lower builds in inventory. And thats fiscal year numbers that Ive given you. Sorry about that. 
Raj Kalathur: If you look at the third quarter, price realization was one of the contributors to the operating profit improvement. Next to that was essentially our costs. This is the material costs. And then there were contributions from mix as well. So those would be the three that stand out, in that order.
Marie Ziegler : And just a reminder, that water impairment is $50 million, on the negative side.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo : The reason I ask is if I strip out the impairment charge and the pricing, the incremental margin is still very strong, somewhere around 30%.
Marie Ziegler : Last years third quarter had inefficiencies, costs that we said for the ag and turf division were $50-75 million, which is something you need to bear in mind.
Raj Kalathur : So to that extent, it was an easier compare as well.
Andy Casey - Wells Fargo : Oh, okay. Thank you, that clears it up. And then the second question, just a question on Europe. Theres some mixed signals coming out of there as you reflect in your forecast. You know, recent confidence indices turned positive within the ag side. Are you seeing any farmer concern about the revisions to the [CAP] subsidy package that are expected for next year?
Tony Huegel : Not significant at all, and if you look at whats being proposed for CAP, if you look at it in nominal terms, the subsidies really are basically flat in terms of what the proposal is.
Marie Ziegler : So so far, unlike other years, where there has been talk ahead of CAP changes, this has really been a, I hate to say nonevent, but has been very quiet.
Tony Huegel : Very very minor changes.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamie Cook. And please state your company name.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse : Two questions, and sorry to harp on the 2014 cash receipt forecast. But I guess can you just give color, when you guys have conversations with your dealers, or when the dealers are having conversations with the farmers, Marie, you point out that you have to look at the quantity and the crop price, but I think people are just concerned, optically, where, for example, corn prices are going, and if that will trump quantity.  So can you talk about what theyre saying about, just given where prices are, and you think that could potentially have a bigger impact on demand in 2014, just because of how we get to the actual cash receipt number? And then my second question. Some of your peers have talked about a more competitive environment in construction, particularly seeing more discounting. Im just wondering if you could comment on what youre seeing in the industry.
Marie Ziegler : Let me start with the cash receipts number. In our modeling, far and away the biggest driver and the highest correlation is cash receipts, and it doesnt discriminate between the commodity price and the quantity. So I will stop there. That is the biggest driver. In terms of the construction market, since the market has, candidly, been softer than I think all expected, Im not surprised to hear that theres some conversation about dynamics in the market. But we certainly dont have any comments related to pricing and our construction equipment division is a solid contributor to the 3 points of price realization that we announced for the year, and certainly for the quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Wertheimer. And please state your company name.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners : Wanted to ask about the tier 4 final rollout. I gather you said you sold out the [stub] year on the combines. I guess you didnt try to run the factories extra hard, because I think youre implying combines are down year over year in Q4. Have you talked about whether you intend to do any extra tier 4 interim production as you roll on the various final things? And Im not sure if youre able to give a rough guestimate of what your interim versus final production might be versus next year.
Tony Huegel : We havent discussed what the production levels would be in the kind of pre-final tier 4 production for combines in early fiscal 2014. I can tell you we are beginning the transition of combines in January. So youre really talking about the November-December production levels.
Marie Ziegler : I think if your question was is there further upside, the answer is no.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners : So youre sold out where you want to sold out, and youre done, and its probably not running the factory as hard as last year, is what you said?
Marie Ziegler : The run rates in the fourth quarter of last year were really not sustainable. That would be the bottom line. Not a way we would choose to run a business.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners : And then second question, Tony, you mentioned the early order programs on the springtime product on intelligent planting. Its not something you guys have talked a lot about. Can you just kind of go through, mechanically, how that works? Is it a significant portion of the volume, or just an indicator? Obviously I assume that would have no connection whatsoever to tier 4 final stuff, so it would be an indicator of underlying strength, I guess.
Tony Huegel : With the exception of sprayers, of course it would be final tier 4, effective. But when you look at the tillage and seeding and so on, and really the importance there is, weve talked about this a little bit in the past, tillage tends to be a fairly good leading indicator, simply because its a relatively discretionary item, and so for us internally, we view it as a good leading indicator. So its more indicative of underlying strength more than the impact necessarily would have on the top line or bottom line.
Operator: The next question comes from [Mig] Dobre. And please state your company name.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird : I guess Im wondering if maybe you can give us a little color on what youre hearing from dealers, and what youre seeing as far as used equipment prices, especially some of the newer models out there. Weve heard that theres been a little bit of softness, and if thats so, Im wondering how you think that impacts demand for equipment going forward.
Tony Huegel : As we look at pricing on used equipment, what wed tell you is overall were actually seeing pretty healthy levels of pricing on used equipment. You see plus or minus a little bit. So large tractors, pricing up a single digit. Combines, down a single digit. But again, at very, very strong levels. So we dont view that as an issue at this point.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird: And then looking at the R&D expenses, obviously much higher level than a couple of years ago, because of all the tier 4 related items. But Im wondering, as were looking out today to 2014, given the higher base that youre currently operating on, should we continue to expect growth in this line item? Or is it fair to say that this level can actually account for a lot of the tier 4 final?
Tony Huegel : At this point, I would not speculate on 2014 expenses. As weve talked about, we dont provide guidance. Theres some things maybe to consider. We arent finished with final tier 4, so we still have a number of products to transition, both in the upcoming year and in the following. And keep in mind also that we are continuing to invest in growth, and in some cases thats investing in new products in certain key markets. So thats about all we can say really at this point related to R&D. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Fisher. And please state your company name.
Steven Fisher - UBS: Wondering if you can just give us your thoughts on how the special depreciation benefits might play out over the next several months, how any debate might impact near term sales. And then just kind of remind us how that played out for you guys last year.
Tony Huegel : Theres two separate items. Theres a Section 179 that can be utilized with used equipment as well as new, and of course the bonus depreciation. Both are subject to the task reform development.  You know, as it looks at Section 179, it appears that there is much broader support for Section 179 in terms of speculation that it may or may not be extended, then included in proposals, even to make it permanent, through some of the small business tax reform proposals, those sorts of things. Certainly as you move toward the end of the year, especially Section 179 we think has been helpful in moving used equipment in the past.  We would tell you while bonus depreciation is certainly beneficial, we think its had a marginal benefit on sales. Theres a number of other factors beyond tax considerations that farmers consider. Last year would be a good example, and you mentioned that. As we approach the end of 2012, of course, the expectation both internally and by most externally was that the bonus depreciation would not be extended. Section 179 actually had already dropped. The change at the end of the year made it retroactive.  And we did not see any impact in our order book once availability went beyond December 31, which, again, in our view, kind of lends credibility to our view that at least last year the expectation that the bonus depreciation would be eliminated did not impact our order volumes.
Operator: The next question comes from Eli Lustgarten. And please state your company name.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research : Well come back to ag in a minute, but can we talk about whats going on in the construction equipment sector? You went from down 8 to down 11. Is that because of weaker end markets, or more inventory liquidation that is required. [unintelligible] inventory liquidation as part of it in this quarter, so we can think of it more normalizing in the next year and maybe quantify how much of the downturn is that.
Marie Ziegler : We would say that its both. Clearly the market has been weaker than we had anticipated, and we are continuing to reduce some of our inventory. We would expect to have that completed by the end of this year, so that we would go into next year poised for what we hope will be a stronger market outlook based on at least the market fundamentals.
Tony Huegel : And I want to make a clarification. You said down 8 to down 11. Our forecast today is down 8. It was previously down 5.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research : But how much of that is inventory liquidation?
Marie Ziegler : I dont have that. I dont know, half and half?
Tony Huegel :
, :
Raj Kalathur : The other thing Ill add is, as the lead times are getting lower, dealers have an incentive for holding less inventory as well. So thats also contributing to lower inventory in the channel.
Marie Ziegler : Maybe I could just cite one positive note that we are seeing, is that our rental utilization is really up and high, and that can be a leading indicator. Well see how that plays out, but its been exceptionally high.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research : And a quick follow on. Can you talk about combine schedules? Were hearing from dealers about a buildup of used goods at dealers, a 30% cut in allocations by Deere for combines in the fourth quarter for next year. Can you talk about whats going on in that market in the fourth quarter as youre looking out?
Marie Ziegler : The early part of the year, when you look at what allocations may or may not be, that is really not a good predictor of what the future holds. We start very conservatively. Recall that we are in the midst of a transition as you think about 2014, a fairly significant transition for our combine lines. So things are going to be parsed out over the course of the year in contrast to a traditional early order program where you really have your full years number of slots available. 
Tony Huegel : The only thing I would add is certainly there are a high level of used combines in the marketplace, but its really reflective of the high level of sales that weve had in the last couple of years. And as you look at the sales increase over the last several months, new sales is much higher than what weve seen increased on a percentage basis in used combine levels. So while high, were moving into a very key period of sales for used equipment, and are confident with our dealer network as well as the pool fund strategy that we use, that were in a good position to be able to move those used combines and other used equipment as well, out.
Operator: The next question comes from Larry DeMaria. And please state your company name.
Larry DeMaria - William Blair : Not to harp on the crop receipts, but obviously you guys dont believe the USDA numbers from the other day as well, that theyre understated, because youre forecasting bigger yields on similar harvested acres, which implies obviously a much bigger production and bigger carryout. Similar in soybeans. I think you carry out over 10% versus 16% for corn going out for next year. But you kept the price very similar to the USDA, the same in corn and slightly lower in soybeans.  So thats the delta that I think were all worried about. Can you just justify and explain why the price hasnt gone down that youre expecting, but the production levels you guys put forth are much higher? 
Tony Huegel : Keep in mind theres a large number of factors that go into each of those, and into the price, and I would also point out that our forecast did not change based on the USDA numbers that were recently reported. That was put together prior to the release of that data, and the basis for our forecast. So again, you have a lot of factors. You have exports, so on and so forth, in there.  The other thing I would point out is theres a lot of conversation about the $4.90 corn. You know, if you look back historically, that is still very strong pricing for corn. Certainly down from last year, but keep in mind that last years price was very high coming off of very low production due to the drought.  And so $4.90 corn, from the information we get, from Informa Economics, is still very supportive for farmers. We would tell you, according to Informa, that low $4 corn, farmers are still making good money. So at $4.90, still profitable levels for most farmers.
Larry DeMaria - William Blair: Okay, so it says August 14 in the slide, but this date is not
Tony Huegel : Those are a Deere estimate as of that date.
Larry DeMaria - William Blair : Okay. And so Ill stick with the order books. You mentioned the seasonal orders for planters, etc. were flat, I think, year over year. And last year it was up 15%. Have orders come in strongly over the last few weeks to get you there? Because it seems like initially they were behind. And then just more broadly, the slide in corn that weve seen, what kind of effect did that have on orders more recently, in the last four to six weeks?
Tony Huegel : What I would tell you is we look at this as a snapshot, and dont get down into the details of the week to week changes. What we can tell you is that at this point we are relatively flat year over year, to your point, at very very high levels last year. And again, the early order program, its early in the year, but those indicators are very strong. And as well, look at the tractor order book, which is equally as strong, that were seeing out into 2014.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Fleck. And please state your company name.
Adam Fleck - Morningstar : I had a couple of questions on Russia specifically. You commented, I think, last quarter, that you wanted to see what happened with the import duties. It looks like they were extended. So that being the case, can you just update us on your plans for the strategy there and localized content?
Raj Kalathur : Yes, it was extended. And the indications are it will probably carry on at least a few months, if not a couple more years. One of the things we are doing is to look at how we can organize our operations in Russia to qualify for less of a tariff or wider tariffs. So right now we do, say, in SKD assembly, some of the considerations we would have for CKD assembly. So those are the types of changes we would be looking at, and that varies by the product and the volumes that would justify for that particular product category. So those should allow us to improve our volumes in that share, but as you said, directionally this is going to be an impact on us.
Tony Huegel : The only thing I would add is keep in mind it certainly creates some short term challenges for us, but from a long term perspective, we remain very committed to that market. We continue to see a lot of strong opportunity there. 
Adam Fleck - Morningstar : And then just one follow up. Something that maybe doesnt get discussed too much, but can you just disclose what your parts sales are to date? Are those up pretty substantially?
Tony Huegel : We dont disclose today. What we would tell you is in past years parts tend to run 15-20% of our total sales. But beyond that, we cant go into more detail.
Operator: The next question comes from Annual Duignan. And please state your company name.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan : I just wanted to go back to the cash receipts discussion. Not to beat a dead horse or anything, but would you at least agree that we have probably passed the peak of cash receipts in that farmers are likely to grow more corn, not only this year but next year? And cash receipts probably, we dont see corn at $7 again, unless we get another significant weather event in the next few years?
Marie Ziegler : Ann, this is our best estimate. We are not soothsaying into the future. But I dont see anything that necessarily precludes prices from going up further. We know we have very strong demand conditions. You have the USDA increasing seed and residual use. You do have a slight bump on ethanol. We see good demand in the market. And so I cant concede that. On the other hand, I cant guarantee anything in the future other than the fundamental tailwinds for our business continue to look very strong.
Raj Kalathur : If you look at the fundamental tailwinds of demand for ag commodities, it is very strong. Its continuing to be very strong. And thats a primary driver. So weather may impact it one year to the next, but the fundamental drivers of demand are still in place, and thats going to drive our business here and [unintelligible].
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan : And back to the construction side, you just said that build-ready lots are dwindling. Could you explain what you mean by that? And how do you gather that data?
Marie Ziegler : Anecdotally were hearing that. Actually, we picked that up in our interviews with senior officers on multiple fronts. And what that means for us specifically is that a lot of the usage of our equipment in residential is when you are moving land to prepare the lots, to put in the street, to get the sewer into the division. So the fact that you see lower number of build ready lots, so to speak, may be a positive indicator as you move into the future, that there will be increased demand for the equipment in use.
Raj Kalathur : Essentially you can think of this is vertical or horizontal constructions. What uses more of our equipment is when you set up a completely new subdivision and have residential construction and commercial construction around it. So right now, early on, after the downturn, all the build-ready lots are being taken up, and ones that are no more of these build ready lots, which is what were hearing more of, there are going to be more constructions on complete new subdivisions. Thats what we meant by that.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan : Yeah, and I appreciate that. Weve written extensively about that, but I was just wondering how we get that data and kind of figure out when we switch from kind of brownfield to greenfield. But youre just hearing it anecdotally, thats what Im reading?
Tony Huegel : Correct.
Operator: The next question comes from Ashish Gupta.
Ashish Gupta - CLSA : Can you give us a sense of what levers you might be able to pull in a down market? Maybe what type of decremental margins you can manage towards?
Marie Ziegler : I dont think weve been very specific. Each single product line, each department within the company, has a specific set of activities that as we move up or down we either cease or add. So it varies by product line, by department.
Raj Kalathur : If you look at our construction equipment business, lower end demand, lower market demand were the case in the third quarter. But if you look at how weve performed in terms of whether its R&D or SG&A, and overall margin environment, was impressive. So regardless of the end market environment, we are in a position to actually pull different levers or ramp up if necessary to meet those conditions. And thats what you saw in the construction case in the third quarter.
Ashish Gupta - CLSA : And are you still in a position where youre continuing to add headcount to facilitate future growth in the different global regions?
Marie Ziegler : Id say the bulk of the headcount really occurred in the last couple of years. Im not actually, candidly, sure where we are year to date. But I dont anticipate there would be a lot, other than perhaps in Brazil, where were approaching the startup of those factories there. And maybe in China as well. 
Raj Kalathur : So [unintelligible] in 10, 11, 12 were higher than in 13, so most of our investments have come in, or towards our aspirations that we have expressed outside [unintelligible] aspirations.
Operator: The final question comes from Seth Weber. And please state your company name.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets : On capital allocation, it looked like your share repurchase actually picked up here in the quarter. Are you kind of moving that up in the pecking order? How should we think about share repo going forward? Or is it just you were being more opportunistic here in the quarter, or something like that?
Marie Ziegler : Well, our pecking order, per se, has not changed, and weve long articulated maintaining a strong balance sheet, invest in the business, return dividends, and then excess cash would be used for share repurchase. We were very specific in the first and second quarters that we were conservative going into those because of the fiscal cliff in the first quarter, and then some residual shakiness, if you will, in the market as we went into the second quarter. As our cash flow has proven out, as were through our peak use of cash - remember we are big users of cash in the first and second quarters - as our stock has continued to provide us with a very good buying opportunity - we think were significantly below our intrinsic value - we were able to step up the share repurchase. 
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets : So as we look to 2014, do you think your capex number, the $1.3 billion for this year, should come down, and that gives you some more firepower? 
Marie Ziegler : I think its unlikely. We dont have a forecast for 14 yet. Obviously were working on some plans. But remember there is still a significant amount of work to be done with final tier 4 ahead of us. We wont see as much in the way of new plant investments. A lot of that is behind us. But theres a lot ahead of us, in a concentrated period, to meet final tier 4.
Tony Huegel : And we have said that at least out through 2014, that that $1.3 billion is probably a good at least short or midterm run rate to anticipate. And then beyond that, as a percentage of sales, we would expect to see capex start to come down. But depending on where our sales are, you may or may not see the absolute number come down at that point. In conclusion, our strong performance continued in the third quarter of 2013, with earnings up 26% on a 4% sales increase, and were well on our way to another year of impressive performance. With that, we thank you for your participation in the call, and as always, well be available the rest of the day to answer any additional questions you may have.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-05-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director of Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager of Investor Communications Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer Marie Ziegler - Deputy Financial Officer 
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Ashish Gupta - CLSA Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners David Raso - ISI Group Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Larry DeMaria - William Blair  Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets Ross Gilardi - Bank of America 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deeres second quarter earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer, Marie Ziegler, Deputy Financial Officer, and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deeres second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and the current outlook for the second half of 2013. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere, is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Susan? 
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Tony. John Deeres second quarter was a good one. Income and sales both reached new all-time quarterly highs. It also was our 12th consecutive quarter over quarter record. Ag and turf led the way last quarter, with higher sales and profit, and there was improvement in financial services as well. John Deere is continuing to benefit from positive conditions in the global farm economy, which, as our CEO, Sam Allen, said, is showing impressive strength. In conjunction with new products and further investments, this has led to more demand for our products and higher results. It was, in summary, a record-breaking quarter, one that put Deere on track for another strong year. Now lets take a look at the second quarter in detail, beginning on slide three. Net sales and revenues were up 9% in the quarter to $10.9 billion. Net income attributable to Deere and Company was $1.1 billion, including a charge related to taxes of approximately $56 million, a $0.14 impact to EPS. As noted, these are the best-ever quarterly results recorded by the company. On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations and net sales were $10.3 billion, up 9% quarter over quarter, including an unfavorable impact from currency translations of about 2 points. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 3 points.  Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with agriculture and turf on slide five. Sales were up 12% in the quarter on continuing strength in the global ag economy. Operating profit was $1.6 billion, up 13%.  Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the ag business. Slide six outlines U.S. farm cash receipts. Driven by strong crop prices, 2012 forecast cash receipts were at a record $402 billion. Cash receipts for 2013 are expected to remain historically strong and be the second highest on record.  For the year ahead, crop yields are forecasted to be higher than in 2012 and much closer to normal, but prices will be somewhat lower. This reflects recovery from last years drought conditions. Livestock receipts are forecasted to be higher. As a result of these factors, our forecast calls for 2013 cash receipts of about $388 billion. As a reminder, in our modeling current and prior year cash receipts are the primary driver of equipment purchases in the U.S. market. With cash receipts remaining at near record levels in 2013, this bodes well for future farm prospects. Our economic outlook for the EU 27 is on slide seven. We continue to see offsetting trends for the EU. On the one hand, ag fundamentals remain positive and production is expected to increase slightly. Still strong commodity prices are driving higher farm income. These prices are leveling off at historic highs and pork and milk prices are favorable. Conversely, farm machinery demand is expected to be lower in 2013 as the financial crisis continues to weigh on farmer sentiment and cold, wet weather in the U.K. threatens the 2013 harvest, following on the heels of the poor harvest of 2012.  On slide eight, youll see the economic fundamentals outlined for a few of our other, targeted growth markets. Slide nine illustrates the value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness in Brazil. With expectations for a strong soybean crop, due to an increase in acres planted, higher yields, and sustained high crop prices, the 2013 value of ag production in Brazil is expected to increase about 5% over the 2012 level. The history of available financing rates on FINAME-eligible ag products is detailed on slide 10. Current government programs in Brazil are supporting higher amounts of equipment sales. Not only is the 2012-2013 subsidy amount allocated to agriculture higher, but available interest rates are also extremely low. The FINAME financing rate is at 3% until June 30, then 3.5% through the end of December.  Our 2013 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 11. We have raised industry sales forecast in the U.S. and Canada every quarter this fiscal year, and are now projecting industry sales to be up about 5% in relation to the healthy level of 2012. We continue to see strength in demand, especially for high horsepower tractors and combines. The EU 27 industry outlook is down about 5%, no change from our prior forecast. South America is another region for which we have consistently, each quarter, raised the industry outlook. With strong commodity prices, forecasts call for an increase in planted acres and record crop production. This combination of positive farm fundamentals, plus the supportive financing programs in Brazil discussed earlier, has led us to increase our forecast for the region once again. We now expect industry sales of tractors and combines in South America to be up 15-20% in 2013. Our 2013 industry outlook in the CIS countries remains at down slightly due to import duties that are reducing demand for Western manufactured combines. In Asia, we are tweaking our outlook downward to be little changed from 2012. Turning to another product category, we now expect industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada to be flat to down slightly in 2013, reflecting the cool, wet spring in North America and cautious consumer sentiment. This, too, is a slight reduction from last quarter. Historically, riding lawn equipment sales that are lost in the important selling months of March and April arent recovered as the season goes on.  Putting this all together on slide 12, fiscal year 2013 Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment are now forecast to be up about 7%, including about 1 point of negative currency translation. At constant currency, the sales forecast is up about 8%, 2 points higher than our February outlook. 2013 operating margin for the ag and turf division is forecast at about 15%. It is important to remember when modeling ag for the remainder of the year that production was back-end loaded in 2012. This results in some very tough comparisons as we head into the second half of 2013, especially for combines. Sales comparisons in the back half of the year are not reflective of a slowing market, but of tough comparisons to sales levels a year ago. In 2013, U.S. and Canada combine shipments are returning to a more normal pattern, about 40% in the first half, 60% in the second.  This compares to a 25/75 split in 2012. So, while full year 2013 combine shipments are up year over year, shipments will be lower in the second half compared with the strong levels we saw last year.  Lets focus now on construction and forestry on slide 13. Net sales were down 6% in the quarter and operating profit was down 42%. The divisions results were affected by lower shipment volumes and higher production costs, including those associated with interim tier four.  Increased SA&G expenses in support of global growth also hurt the quarterlys results. Looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, youll note that global insight has slightly improved its outlook for GDP and nonresidential spending since last quarter. Other indicators, however, are flat to down.  Overall economic growth continues at a sluggish pace, awaiting resolution of the fiscal, economic, and trade issues that are undermining business confidence and restraining growth. And, cool, wet weather conditions in the United States and Canada have delayed spring construction projects, which have further slowed demand for equipment. We are also experiencing lower sales to independent rental companies compared with the pre-interim tier four transition purchasing experienced in 2012.  Global forestry markets are expected to be about flat in 2013, as weakness in Europe is being offset by improvement in the United States. Fiscal 2013 net sales in construction forestry are now forecast to be down about 5%. Our previous outlook was up about 3%.  The sales decline is reflected in lower inventory and receivable numbers, which we will discuss shortly, and it has had an impact on mix as we reduce shipments of high margin equipment. C&F full year operating margin is now projected to be about 5%. Lets move now to our financial services operation. Slide 15 shows the financial services provision for credit losses as a percentage of the total average owned portfolio at the end of the quarter was 2 basis points. This reflects the excellent quality of our portfolios and recoveries from prior years writeoff.  Our 2013 financial forecast now contemplates a loss provision of about 7 basis points as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. That is a reduction of 9 basis points from what was being forecast last quarter. The 10-year average is about 27 basis points.  Moving to slide 16, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $125 million in the second quarter, versus $109 million last year. For the full year, net income attributable to Deere and Company is now forecast to be about $550 million. Slide 17 outlines receivables and inventory. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter up about $420 million, or equal to approximately 33% of prior 12-month sales compared with almost 36% a year ago. The year over year forecasted increase is in ag and is mainly reflective of higher sales volumes. C&F is expected to be down about $150 million, driven by slowing demand and a reduction in Canadian consigned inventories. We expect to end 2013 with receivables and inventory up about $175 million. That is a decrease of $325 million from our February forecast. Our guidance for cost of sales as a percentage of net sales, shown on slide 18, remains at approximately 74% for the full year. Cost of sales ran about 73.3% in the first half, which implies the second half of the year will be about 75%. Factors affecting cost of sales include price realization, production or manufacturing costs, raw material costs, engine emission product costs, absorption, and effects of foreign exchange. When modeling the full year, keep in mind price realization. We are forecasting about 3 points in 2013. Favorable year over year raw material costs, the impact on cost of sales of new employees. In keeping with our growth plans, Deere hired an additional 5,000 people in 2012, with over 3,000 of them joining us in the last three-quarters of the year.  These additions are critical to support our growth, both domestically and internationally, and will impact cost of sales, R&D, and SA&G in 2013, interim tier 4 product cost absorption due to the lower build in inventory compared to 2012 and an unfavorable mix in product in C&F, as we talked about earlier, as well as some strengthening in small ag compared to 2012.  Looking at R&D expense on slide 19, R&D was up about 7% in the second quarter, compared with the same period last year. This is consistent with our earlier guidance that the increase R&D spending for 2013 would occur in the first half of the year. Our 2013 forecast continues to call for R&D expense to be up about 3% for the full year. Moving now to slide 20, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 9% in the second quarter. Very much like R&D, the quarter over quarter increases for SA&G were heavily weighted to the first half of the year. SA&G expense is forecasted to be up about 7% in 2013, no change from our previous guidance. On slide 21, pension and OPEB expense was up about $60 million in the quarter, compared with last year. Second quarter 2012 benefited from lower post-retirement healthcare costs. Turning to slide 22, the equipment operations tax rate was about 38% in the second quarter, with the rate affected by discrete items, the most significant explained on the slide. The charge of about $56 million impacted EPS by approximately $0.14, and the tax rate by about 3%. For full year 2013, the effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34% to 36%, representing no change from our previous forecast. On slide 23, you see our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. We continue to forecast cash flow from equipment operations to be about $3.4 billion in 2013.  On slide 24, we outline our 2013 outlook for the third quarter and full year. Our net sales forecast for the third quarter is up about 3% compared with 2012. This includes about 2 points of price realization. The full year forecast now calls for net sales to be up about 5%, with about 1 point of unfavorable exchange. At constant currency, up about 6%, which represents no change from our last forecast. Price realization is expected to be positive by about 3 points. Finally, our full year 2013 net income forecast remains unchanged at about $3.3 billion.  In closing, 2013 is shaping up as another good year. The ag economy in particular remains in sound shape, and Deere is very well-positioned to benefit from that fact. It is true the near term outlook remains guarded due to uncertainties over global financial issues as well as the cold spring weather in North America. But the longer term picture remains extremely bright, and the source of much confidence about the future. Indeed, Deeres plans for helping make the worlds growing need for food, shelter, and infrastructure are well on track and moving ahead. In our view, trends of this nature have power and persistence, and we firmly believe they hold great promise for our customers and investors in the years ahead. Tony? 
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Susan. Now were ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the call procedure, but as a reminder, in consideration of others, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow up. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from Jamie Cook. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Just some additional color on the lower guide within construction and forestry. Again, I feel like its the same question as last quarter. If I look at your U.S. economic indicators, they really havent changed that much, and in some instances have gone up, yet youre lowering your forecast. So can you talk about sort of whats Deere-specific versus the market? Are you losing market share? And how much of it was weather-related? And just the second question, can you just give a little more color on the mix issues that you cited that are impacting the margins?
Tony Huegel: Really, whats driving most of it, as you look at the industry overall, as Susan talked about in the opening comments, were really just seeing a lag. To your point, the underlying fundamentals continue to be relatively strong, but as you look at some of the general economy, you look at GDP last quarter for example, was slower than expected. Some of the overhang that were experiencing from the fiscal policies is weighing, again, on construction. And to your point, whether being cold and wet has delayed some construction projects in the spring, and we think thats also had some impact. But its really not a market share story, per se. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: I guess youre just not hearing about this as much from some of your peers, so thats whats more surprising. And I know Im only allowed one question, but you had some dealer inventory issues in the latest quarter, which were small. Are they largely resolved now?
Tony Huegel: I think as you look at dealer inventory, and weve talked about guiding lower, our guidance for the end of the year is lower for receivables and inventory and down year over year, which again is reflective of sales.  So I would tell you that both last quarter and this quarter most of that inventory reduction is really just reflective of the change and being in line with the change in the overall sales that were forecasting, not so much that we have excess inventory that were trying to take out, but as the sales forecast comes down so does the necessary inventory.  And Id also point out, as the demand reduces, you also have some shorter lead times. So dealers dont need to carry as much inventory, which is part of the reduction that theyre seeing in terms of what they need to have on their lots in terms of meeting the existing demand. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then sorry, the last one on the margins, on C&F. Now were guiding to 5%. How much of that is mix, or of the 3% pricing, what are you getting in C&F, if any? If you could just give color on that.
Tony Huegel: In terms of pricing, and were talking about the 3% on the enterprise, all I can say is that construction and forestry is certainly contributing to that. But as you know we dont give guidance on individual divisions. But certainly they are contributing. As you look at mix, thats certainly a part of it, but keep in mind, now with our current outlook, were well below mid-cycle in our forecast for construction, and that certainly weighs on margin. And as Susan mentioned, the reduction that weve experienced in our outlook is on some of the higher margin product as well. So thats certainly weighing on margins as well. 
Raj Kalathur: Your comment about youre not hearing this from others, with regard to construction and forestry, now, do compare the commensurate quarter, most recent quarter, for comparable competitors. In terms of our operating return on sales, we are either comparable or better than most. This came up last quarter as well, and I think we were actually in the same position. Our operating return on sales is comparable or better than most of the competitors in the industry, and if you look at the North America, were not different from the competitors on the sales as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz. 
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays: Can you talk about your ag and turf inventory? You actually lowered your forecast for the end of the year despite raising your overall sales guide. Should we read into your inventory change that its reflective of your confidence level going into 2014? Because last year you obviously had a big inventory build going into the end of the year. Or is this just a tweak?
Tony Huegel: I would argue its just a tweak. As you look at the change for the ag and turf division, it was like $100 million change, which is very minimal. Most of that is really related to final tier 4. Again, as we solidify plans around that transition, youre going to see some tweaking there, and thats how I would describe it. Nothing more. 
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays: And its fair to say, though, that in the second half of the year thats when you really decide what the 14 outlook looks like, and you could change inventory again based on that, correct?
Tony Huegel : Certainly, yeah. As we move into this next quarter, well start to have a better feel of what 2014 is looking like as we begin some of our early order programs. Well start to see our tractor order books in some cases will begin to extend into the next year, and so well have some visibility at that point.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays : So let me ask you about ag incrementals. I know everybodys going to ask you about this, but you were pretty clear about saying that mix is going to work against you in the second half. We know that youve said that before. But at the same time, you did have an execution issue in Q3 of last year and you have said, over and over again, that SG&A and R&D would be front-end loaded. So why cant margins be up pretty significantly year over year in Q3, both incremental and year over year? Whats stopping that from happening?
Tony Huegel : Certainly from an incremental perspective, keep in mind that the biggest change incrementally will be on absorption, as you look at production in the first half versus the second half. Last year, and even year over year, you had a heavier build schedule in the back half of the year versus what we did this year. So thats a big part of the difference.
Raj Kalathur: And in terms of ag and turf incrementals, youll also notice, if you think about Q2, there was an increase in the pension and OPEB expense, FX, and R&D. So that contributed. If you add those back, our incrementals would look like you would expect. Now, some of that is also going to carry into the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from Annual Duignan. 
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan : Can we talk about your cash position? You get on the call, you say how wonderful things are, how great the cycle is, and how the fundamentals are wonderful in agriculture, and yet we continue to sit on excess cash. Why are we not being more aggressive buying back shares at this point? Is it the fear that the ag cycle is well above mid-cycle and that things could deteriorate from here? Whats the root cause of the hesitancy at this point?
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely not, in terms of where we are in the ag cycle. I would admit that our balance sheet is a bit defensive right now. We continue to be concerned about the functioning of the market overall. Bear in mind that our capital corporation, which is over $30 billion in receivables, or in assets that must be funded, is a big user of cash. And the rating agencies are very, very riveted on liquidity. So we are ensuring that we remain very liquid in order to support the financial services business.
Raj Kalathur : Our cash use priorities have not changed. So again, with respect to dividends and share repurchases, if you take a long term view, you should not see a change on how we act on it. But what Marie explained, short term, we have some costs, costs in the environment that we are living in, and we are taking appropriate precautions. 
Marie Ziegler: And I do note that we did increase our dividend $0.05 a share, which is about an 11% increase per quarter. So we are increasing our return. 
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan : Thats a fair point. My follow up question is more on the fundamentals. You know, were sitting here kind of at the crossroads of the 13 to 14 crop. We either get the corn planted and we get lower prices potentially. Farmers have not hedged as much this year, at least those that Ive spoken to, which could leave them in a risky position. Or we dont get the corn planted, and we switch into beans and were short a crop again. Can you guys talk a little bit about each of those scenarios and what you think each one might do to the fundamentals in terms of equipment demand? Im just curious how you take those outcomes and put them into a forecast.
Tony Huegel : At this point, thats really a challenge in terms of what might happen. Certainly most of the planting in the corn belt, on corn, already would have taken place in a more normal year, by May 5 or so. But certainly if you get good weather, to your point, that can change in terms of what gets planted in a hurry.  We look at our forecast and just as you know its about cash receipts being the primary driver. So as you look at what may happen, but not just what production level, or what the price level is, or how much corn or soybeans is produced, its going to drive that demand. Certainly for 2013 were continuing to see a very strong cash receipts level. I think its the second highest on record. So slightly below the 2012 cash receipts, but at very very high levels.  And so that data point would certainly bode well for the future, but also, as you know, as we look at next year, it will be impacted both by the 2013 and 2014 cash receipts. But at this point, it would be highly speculative to try to estimate what 2014 would be. 
Marie Ziegler: If you look at the global fundamentals you continue to see rising demand for food and some increase in consumption of meat. You see, in the U.S., very strong farmer balance sheets. Despite whats been happening with land prices, you havent seen a big ramp up in debt loads for farmers. And in fact, the debt-to-cap ratio has actually declined this year. So were in a very strong position. And we continue to feel very positive about the outlook and prospects for the global business. 
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan : Marie, the cynic in me wants to say, and that would bring me back to my first question. So Ill leave it there and get back in line and take it offline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashish Gupta. 
Ashish Gupta - CLSA: Can you give us some more color on the order book?
Tony Huegel : Sure, the order book does remain pretty strong. We talked about combines last time. Theres really no change there in terms of as it relates to the early order program, effectively for the U.S. for all practical purposes sold out. Large tractors continue to progress very well. You look at 8R tractors, for example, availability is further out than a year ago, even on some higher capacity.  So as you look at the track tractor, youre looking at late September availability. And for the wheeled tractor, youre into October for availability. And on the 9000, youre looking at October for the track large tractor, and then August for the wheeled tractor. So again, it remains very, very strong in terms of the order book. 
Ashish Gupta - CLSA: One clarification on the tax item. Is it correct to assume that the unchanged tax rate would be inclusive of the item for the full year?
Tony Huegel : Absolutely. In fact, the question we had last quarter even with the lower tax rate in the first quarter, youll note that we kept our annual forecast the same. And its reflective of what you saw in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer. 
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Two quick questions. I guess you kind of answered it with the comments on the order board. Does that mean, then, that your cautious comments on the weather and the planting are really applicable to the last quarter of the year? Because Q3 is kind of dialed in. And then as a corollary to that, theres been some changes in production capacity you mentioned. Can you talk a little bit about production capacity? Typically Q3 has been lower than Q2, and I think thats on shutdowns in June. Has that changed at all in terms of what you can produce Q3 versus Q2?
Tony Huegel : Certainly as you look year over year. Combines is the largest difference when you compare year over year. We were very back end loaded on combines last year. The first half, second half of shipments was 25% in the first half versus 75% in the back half. A more normal year would be 35-65, and this year we would actually be a little bit more front-end from normal, so about 40-60.  Again, when youre looking year over year, youre seeing the back half definitely impacted by that in terms of orders. But again, as you look at the overall year, very strong orders in that regard. Its more about the timing of our production, much of it driven by interim tier 4. Now as we look forward to final tier 4 you have some disruptions here and there. 
Marie Ziegler : As you look ahead, youll see, because of the compressed production transition times that we will have with final tier 4, youre going to see some noise in early next year and late this year as we adjust.  Maybe I could go back to the first part of your question. Given the thought that corn plantings and bean plantings are very significantly delayed from typical averages, we felt it was prudent to put that note of caution in the press release. Certainly they have plenty of time to make it up, and they can if we get some breaks in the weather, which weve had in the last couple of days. We have not seen any cancellations at this stage, and you are absolutely correct that very strong order books do portend well.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: So the caution, therefore, in the press release, is more Deere caution that what youre hearing from farmers and dealers in terms of getting nervous in?
Marie Ziegler : Correct. Everyone says that given the opportunity to plant, theres still plenty of time to plant before you hit significant yield erosion.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso.
David Raso - ISI Group : The second half of the year growth for ag and turf, can you just help us with blatantly just clarifying the order book or the backlog? What is the backlog for ag right now year over year?
Marie Ziegler : It would be better.
Tony Huegel : Yeah, as you look at the tracker, certainly the order book on 8s and 9s are further out. So you have a stronger order book. But again, some of that is timing of production year over year and thats really what youre seeing. And again, overall, on ag, as you go into the back half of the year, were lower first half than second half, and thats why you start to see some of the drag on margins and higher cost of sales as you go into back half of the year.
Marie Ziegler : Year over year, our guidance does imply a modest increase in our sales in the second half.
David Raso - ISI Group : Thats what Im just trying to square up. Obviously revenues for you globally are notably bigger on big tractors and combines. A global comment. Your order book for large tractors is longer than a year ago, and youre doing it on higher capacity capabilities at the factory. So tractors, if you get rid of combines, the tractor looks like it should be up a lot more than the 1% total ag and turf revenue for the rest of the year. So combines are obviously down a lot to get the whole division to only up 1. 
Tony Huegel : Keep in mind that as you look at total annual production versus the timing, youve got final tier 4 coming in, so youre going to have some disruption there within the factories doing limited production builds, those sorts of things, that do have an impact on individual quarters of availability. As you look also, our inventory build year over year is not as large as it was last year. So thats also going to have some impact as you look into the back half of the year. So again, those are really whats primarily driving that difference, is timing of production as you look sequentially from the first half to the second half.
Raj Kalathur : You know, what Tony talked about in terms of harvesters, 25-75 last year first half, second half versus 40-60 from harvester [works]. Waterloo, if you take some of the key tractors in Waterloo, thats also 45-55 last year, to about 50-50. So there is some shift in tractors as well. Its not just a combine phenomenon.
David Raso - ISI Group : So lets take the revenue guidance, then, as well-explained. Thats why its up only 1. Why, then, in the second half of the year, with a bit of an adverse mix of combines down that much, would the incremental margins be better in the second half than the first? Because that is whats being implied. Youre implying 25-30% incrementals for ag and turf in the second half, and they were only 22% in the first half. 
Marie Ziegler : Our guidance for cost of sales would suggest that our cost of sales would be lower in the second half of 2013 than it was in the second half of 2012.
David Raso - ISI Group : Im asking why though.
Marie Ziegler : You dont have the disruption, if you will, of last year in terms of the combine costs. The incremental raw materials are going the right direction this year. And while we have some significant costs ahead on final tier 4, you are anniversarying some costs on interim tier 4.
David Raso - ISI Group : Thats helpful. So the price cost may be a bit helpful at a minimum, in general, if costs are part of the story.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Tony, can you just talk about the learning curve that youve seen at your facilities over the course of interim tier 4 implementations? And just talk about how that has impacted any change in the plan for tier 4 final. Do you think you can do it maybe more efficiently than you were thinking about it two to three quarters ago? Can you just help us understand that dynamic?
Tony Huegel : To your point, as we went through interim tier 4 there was a significant number of transitions in a more narrow window than we normally would have. But keep in mind that as you think of final tier 4, theres learning to be had there. As you look at final tier 4, however, that windows going to be even more narrow. And in some cases, we had some product that skipped interim tier 4 and will go directly to final tier 4. So you have a larger number of models that need to transition. And again, relative to interim tier 4, a more narrow window. So it is not without risk or challenge, and certainly that comes with additional cost too, as we try to manage that short window.
Marie Ziegler : I would further add, the learnings that we have from [IT4] very much help position us to accomplish, but will be this large number of introductions in this compressed timeframe ahead.
Tony Huegel : Right. For example, as you look at the number of engines, the different tiers of engines, you think of tractors that are built in Waterloo, for example, when we went to interim tier 4 you added another model of engine that you had to had, because youre still building tier 3 for certain markets, tier 2 for certain markets, and now youve added interim tier 4. As you go to final tier 4, while its a different technology, in most cases youre not still building interim tier 4. So the number of different engines that youre introducing doesnt change while youre transitioning over. So you get some of those learnings and some of those benefits.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs : And can you just talk about what youre seeing in your European business? I know youve had a pretty big new implement cycle recently. Your retail sales have been pretty good in April. Can you just talk about from a Deere standpoint what does your outlook for Europe look like this year in contrast to the industry outlook that you provided? And then perhaps give us an update on how youre thinking about potential to localize combine assembly and what it would take to get localization standards in Russia to help the VAT issue there. 
Tony Huegel : Sure. And as you know, as it relates to Europe, we dont provide guidance by geography there, but certainly as you pointed out, not only with the new products, but also working on our dealer distribution and strengthening that further, and as it relates to market share, those are going well.  But its a difficult market, to be honest, in the sense of, as Susan pointed out in the introduction, while you have great underlying fundamentals, you have the overarching concerns with the fiscal issues there that are putting pressure on sales. And so our forecast for the industry is certainly down year over year. So again, its a tough market from that perspective.  But certainly in northern Europe, with the exception of the U.K., still seeing those markets hang in pretty well, especially as you look at Germany and France. Those markets remain pretty strong. The U.K., because of weather issues, is not doing quite as well.  As it relates to Russia, I assume is what you meant with localizing combine, its really too early. Well have to wait and see what happens with that tariff in June or July, whether that gets extended or not and reevaluated at that point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mircea Dobre.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird : My first question is, Im trying to get a better sense for performance in the second quarter. When I look at your guidance for the second quarter, you call for 4% revenue growth yet you did about 9% in the quarter. And Im wondering, given that you generally have pretty good visibility three months out, especially in ag, where you do a lot of preselling, why was there such a surprise to the upside?
Marie Ziegler : Good levels of activity in ag, in large ag especially. Large ag has continued to be very strong, and thats reflected in our guidance. I dont have anything more exciting than that.   
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird : Nonetheless, it does bring some question with regard to your visibility here. Because theres quite a bit of departure from your initial guidance.
Marie Ziegler : Well, Id like to say that we are the worlds experts at forecasting. I think if youve followed us, as you continue to follow us, there is some variability quarter to quarter in terms of how shipments go, whats on the water, whats not, and how currency moves. And so we are not as precise as I guess we would like to be. So I think we would view this as more a normal noise.
Tony Huegel : And to Maries point, as you think about the export markets and so on, in terms of when we recognize sales, that certainly can shift. And as we see more sales outside the U.S. and exports to those markets, it does create some variability. So a lot of times, it can be as simple as timing of when those products arrive in port.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird : My follow up here is Im trying to understand your farm cash receipts forecast. So youre talking about the late planting season and the risk that that adds to crop. And looking this quarter versus the prior quarter, your yield estimates are a little bit lower. Planted acres are a little bit lower. So the size of the crop is a little bit lower. Yet your farm commodity price projections are also a little bit lower. Youd think that if we have a smaller crop, all else being held constant, wed have at least stable, if not higher overall prices. So how are you thinking about that?
Tony Huegel : Well, youre looking at just a few of the pieces that go into that forecast. There are a number of pieces. One in particular I would note is carryover stocks, and there was an adjustment by the USDA during the quarter of the carryover stock levels coming out of 2012. So there are a large number of variables that go into that forecast. But keep in mind much of that is still based on assumptions of, generally speaking, [trend yields]. So to your point, it was brought down a little bit based on the late planting, but by and large, were still assuming trend or close to trend yields and normal weather.
Marie Ziegler : The other thing that you might want to think about as you look at those estimates is also impacted by the South American crop development, whats happening down there. Harvest has gone pretty well, good yields there. And by patterns in terms of seed and residual use, even in the U.S. And youve seen some adjustments there due to high corn prices.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey. 
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities:  Understanding that the 2013 U.S. large farm equipment demand continues to be very strong, Im wondering how anticipatory the company may be in reaction to the forecast that was just discussed, the 8% decline expected. 
Marie Ziegler : Sorry, what 8% decline?
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities : The 8% U.S. crop cash flow thats included, basically on page 34. Year over year.
Marie Ziegler : The second highest ever.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities : I understand, Marie. So as you just indicated, its still strong, but historically, inflections have kind of suggested some future directional changes for the large equipment demand. So if your forecast proves accurate and the historical relationship holds, could you help us understand what actions we should look for if your medium-term cycle outlook starts to deteriorate sometime during the back half of the year?
Tony Huegel:
 : One of the things weve talked about, and weve said this both when the forecast was slightly up and when it was slightly down, and so really what we have said is youre looking at the very high levels of cash receipts. Its not a one-for-one relationship of up and down, driving sales up and down. Really what we would consider is this is more flattish at very, very high, very supportive levels. And youre going to see some minor inflections literally going both ways. And again, we said this first quarter, when the forecast was actually slightly up. We were saying the same thing. The important point is that these are at very high, very supportive levels for continued strength in large ag sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber. 
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: On the construction and forestry margin, can you help us understand, I know youve had some startup costs there over the last couple of quarters. How big of a headwind is that, and how much longer do you think that will continue, and just maybe give us a status update on that capacity increase.
Tony Huegel: Certainly, we have new facilities, we talked about China, Brazil, where really at this point were not seeing - in Brazils case, were not seeing any sales from that particular facility that are being generated while we have the higher costs, both in terms of people on the ground, building out dealer networks, those sorts of things. And youd have the same thing in China.  Really, youre not going to see any significant sales from those markets until well into 2014, and theyll begin to produce 2014, but they wont be fully ramped up probably until 2015 for all practical purposes.  You may be aware that in Brazil we are importing product to that market, as we do have some dealers in place. But keep in mind, both with the tariffs that have come in as well as the FINAME rates that we talked about being very supportive for ag, are not so supportive for imported construction products, as you compete in the market with some local manufacturers. So that then is a challenge from a margin perspective.  But long term, we still believe thats the right direction as we build out that dealer network so that theyre prepared and in place when those factories do begin to produce. So theres certainly some challenges there, but dont underestimate, also, the fact that as we bring our sales forecast down, its challenging both from the perspective of were lower as a percentage of midpoint in those factories. That certainly hurts margin. And that reduction in a lot of cases was on very high margin construction equipment, which also pulled margins down. So thats really whats driving that margin decrease. 
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets: So you dont think the startup costs actually become a bigger headwind the next couple quarters before the production really hits?
Tony Huegel : I wouldnt say that. Certainly, as you get closer, youre adding more people, and those costs do increase. But all Im saying is dont underestimate just the impact, also, of lower sales on higher margin business.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets : Is it possible to give an idea how much currency affected the ag margin in the quarter?
Tony Huegel : Yeah, it was about $40 million in the quarter.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets : On operating income?
Tony Huegel : Yes, absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry DeMaria.
Larry DeMaria - William Blair : Im curious as to your thoughts on China becoming a more material net importer of corn. The USDA has China importing some this year, and there [grumble] that we may be near a tipping point, which would obviously be able to scoop up some of the large surplus that we may have this year. So do you guys see that as a big benefit for the U.S. farmer over time? Or not material?
Marie Ziegler : I think were very cautious on what the potential there is. Depending on whose viewpoint youre looking at, it could be very significant for the U.S. farmer, but theres certainly some who are quite cautious about what that opportunity at the end of the day really will be.
Tony Huegel : The other thing that I would note is right now USDA is projecting about 7 million tons, up from about 3 million from the 2012-2013. So thats certainly a sizable increase. The other thing that I would note is the new leadership. Previously there was a very strong pursuit of self-sufficiency. That has tended to moderate some. So to your point, I think some have been maybe a little more optimistic about what that could mean for imports, but to Maries point, its very very difficult to forecast Chinese foreign imports.
Larry DeMaria - William Blair : Okay, so no material sea change from what you see today. And then just second question, you guys called out the subsidies in Brazil and the fundamentals in Brazil. Can you just help us understand how you guys think about which is more important going forward? And if subsidies reverse and the interest rates go up going into next year, would that imply a relatively significant drop off if the fundamentals stay pretty strong? Or could we grow through this? How are you thinking about subsidies versus fundamentals in Brazil over time?
Tony Huegel : You know, its hard to split the two and know which is really driving more. What we would say is clearly theyre both beneficial. We are hopeful that when they announce the upcoming years budget in either late May, early June, that theyll make an announcement of what the interest rate will be going into 2014. The government has made statements publicly about being very supportive of agriculture, so theres some optimism that those rates will stay low. Whether theyll stay as low as they are this year is hard to guess. But at this point, its hard to guess what may happen there.
Larry DeMaria - William Blair : Do you think we might know in the next couple months?
Tony Huegel : Certainly were hopeful that we would know what the rate will be as we go in, but theres not any real history that they always announce it. But theres some speculation that they will.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ross Gilardi.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America:
 : Just on that last question, you guys obviously talked a lot about the headwinds in the fourth quarter in ag, but could you see a surge in year-end buying in Brazil in advance of the rates going up in December?
Tony Huegel : Again, it depends on what those rates are doing. And keep in mind, our calendar year end is the beginning of our fiscal year. So that would, even if that were to happen in that November - December timeframe, that really does benefit our 2014. The other thing I would point out is keep in mind its a little bit different than what you tend to think of in U.S. policies in that the sales needs to be in place and the approval for the financing by the end of the year. But you have, in most cases, a couple of months to actually take delivery of the equipment. So even with a December 31 cutoff, that can benefit a couple of months calendar into 2014, and really well into our fiscal 2014.  Thank you very much, and with that were going to have to cut off. We thank you for your participation in the call. And as always, we will be available the rest of the day to answer any additional questions you may have.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director of Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager of Investor Communications Raj Kalathur - Chief Financial Officer Marie Ziegler - Deputy Financial Officer
Analysts: Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Eric Crawford - UBS Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Ashish Gupta - CLSA Adam Fleck - Morningstar Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deeres first quarter earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer, Marie Ziegler, Deputy Financial Officer and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deeres first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and the current outlook for 2013. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere, is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Susan.
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Tony. With this morning's first quarter earnings announcement John Deere has started 2013 on a strong note. Income and sales both reached new records for the first quarter of the year and this was our 11th consecutive quarter of record earnings. Our results benefited from healthy farm conditions and the strong sales of agricultural equipment. Deere's performance also reflected success executing our ambitious marketing and operating plans. Such execution is especially important right now as we are adding new products and global capacity at unprecedented rates. Finally, our full-year earnings forecast has been adjusted upward and now stands at about really $3.3 billion. Also, it was a solid start to what is expected to be another good year. Now let's take a look at the first quarter in detail beginning on slide three. Net sales and revenues were up 10% to $7.4 billion in the quarter. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $650 million and earnings per share increased 27% to $1.65. On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were $6.8 billion, up 11% quarter-over-quarter including an unfavorable impact from currency translation of about one point. Price realization in the quarter was positive by three points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, let's start with Agriculture & Turf on slide 5. Sales were up 16% in the quarter on continuing strength in the large Ag sector, especially tractors and combines. Recall, combine production and shipments were back end loaded in 2012 to facilitate our transition to interim Tier 4. Operating profit was $766 million. Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at some of the fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide six outlines U.S. commodity price estimates that underlie our financial forecast. 2012-2013 corn, soybean and wheat prices reflect the production shortfall caused by the weather-driven events that affected the 2011 and 2012 season and continue to support equipment sales. At this time of the year it is hard to determine what the 2013 2014 crop year will bring. Clearly, the upcoming growing season has a lot of questions around it. Among other things, it should be noted that existing moisture condition show that U.S. drought continues to be of significance. Research, however shows that the moisture situation going into the growing season has virtually no impact on the final outcome. The primary point is that temperature and moisture level experienced during the key growing season are the most important factors in determining yield. As is our custom at this time of the year, our estimates for 2013, 2014 crop year, will see normal weather and trend yields. Slide seven shows planted acres and yields for the 2012-2013 crop year, compared to the corresponding forecast for 2013-2014 crop year. Again, assuming trend yields in normal weather conditions, corn yields are forecast to increase about 31%, while soybean yields are forecast to be up about 12%. Slide eight highlights cash receipts. Driven by strong crop prices, 2012 forecast cash receipts are at a record $389 million. In 2013, strong crop prices, higher yields and increase livestock receipts for 2013 cash receipts even higher. As a reminder, in our modeling, current and prior year cash receipts are the primary driver of equipment purchases in the U.S. market. With cash receipts at record levels, this serves well for future farm prospects. Slide nine illustrates the U.S. farm gross cash income, which is cash receipts plus other farm related income. This slide highlights a relatively small percentage, the government payments and crop insurance play, in gross cash income as represented by green and black areas. Government payments in green are included in total cash receipts numbers on slide eight. For the three years shown, government payments are only about 3% of the total. Crop insurance receipts are included in other farm related income, the black area and our historic levels in 2011 and 2012 due to drought related events. Total crop insurance payments for 2012 are expected to be in the $15 billion to 16 billion range. As of last week, crop insurance industry payouts totaled roughly $13.5 billion. At the high range, this equates to about 4% of 2012 forecast gross cash income. For your reference, 2011 crop insurance payouts were approximately $10.8 billion. Our economic outlook for the EU27 is on slide 10. We are seeing offsetting trends in the EU. On one hand, strong crop prices are driving higher farm income. Conversely, in the U.K., the poor harvest of 2012 and wet weather conditions during the 2013 crop selling season are impacting equipment demand, as well the overall economic situation continues to weigh on farmer's sentiment. Financial conditions in Northern Europe continue to be more favorable than in Southern Europe, but Portugal, Italy, Greece and Spain, all experiencing severe recession. On slide 11, you will see the economic fundamentals outlined for a few of our other targeted growth markets. So let's focus on the CIS where our outlook has changed considerably from one quarter ago. Going into effect today and running through July 5, an additional 27.5% import duty has been placed on all imported combines going to Russia, Kazakhstan, and Belarus, bringing the import duty to 32.5%. This will have a considerable negative impact on sales of imported combines in these countries. Slide 12 illustrates the value of agricultural production, a good proxy for the health of agribusiness in Brazil. It encompasses over 20 different crops and has a high correlation to tractor sales over time. With forecast for a record soybean season due to an increase in acres planted, higher yields and sustained high crop prices, the 2013 value of Ag production in Brazil is expected to increase about 9% over the 2012 level. Our 2013 and Ag and Turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 13. Industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are now expected to be flat to up 5% in relation to the healthy levels of 2012. We continue to see strength in demand especially for high horsepower tractors and combines. However our outlook is tempered by drought related effects on the livestock sector. The EU27 industry outlook is now down about 5%. The number one driver in the decline to our outlook is last year's poor harvest and wet weather conditions that could affect the 2013 crop in the U.K. Also weighing on the outlook are overall economic conditions in Europe and the potential for further weakening. Industry sales of tractors and combines in South America are now expected to be up 10% to 15% in 2013. With strong commodity prices, forecast call for an increase in planted acres resulting in significantly higher crop production. In addition, current government programs in Brazil support higher amounts of equipment sales, not only as the 2012, 2013 subsidy amount allocated to Agriculture higher by about 7.5% but interest rates are also extremely low. Benami financing is at 3% until June 30, then it goes to 3.5% through the end of December. Our 2013 industry outlook in the CIS countries is now down slightly due to import duties that are expected to reduce demand, as previously discussed. In Asia we now expect industry demand to be slightly higher in 2013 versus 2012. In China, Ag subsidies are expected to be higher and very supportive of equipment sales. In addition, Chinese grain output is expected to increase and farm modernization initiatives are continuing to move ahead. Although the India tractor market remains soft and industry sales arent expected to improve from last year, it is encouraging that interest rates were recently lowered in order to support the economy. Turning to another product category, we now expect industry retail sales of Turf and Utility equipment in the United States and Canada to be about flat in 2013, reflecting cautious consumer sentiment. Deere expects to outperform the industry with the launch of new turf and utility products especially new utility vehicles. Putting this all together on slide 14, fiscal year 2013 Deere sales of worldwide Ag and Turf equipment are now forecast to be up about 6%, two points higher than our November outlook. 2013 operating margin for the Ag and Turf division is forecast at about 15%. Let's focus now on Construction and Forestry on slide 15. The division's results were affected by lower shipment volumes, higher production costs including those associated with interim Tier 4 and unfavorable mix of products. Quarter-over-quarter was a very tough compare for C&F. Normally, the first quarter has low production. In the first quarter last year, especially in November and December, the division had extremely high production volumes of high horsepower machines to facilitate the transition to interim Tier 4 engines. As a result, mix in the current quarter also shifted to more purchased products, like excavators and the smaller commercial worksite machines. Increased R&D and SA&G expenses in support of global growth also impacted the quarter's results. On slide 16, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, Global Insight, has slightly improved its outlook for housing starts and government spending growth. However, our outlook remains cautious as overall economic growth continues at a slow pace awaiting resolution of the fiscal, economic and trade issues that are undermining business confidence and restraining growth. Growth for forestry markets are expected to be about flat in 2013 as weakness in Europe is being offset by improvement in the United States. Fiscal 2013 net sales in Construction & Forestry are now forecast to be up about 3%. Our previous outlook was up about 8%. The decline reflects lower dealer orders as we see emerging caution regarding inventory levels within our dealers group. C&F full year operating margin is projected to be about 8%. While Construction & Forestry's full year 2013 outlook is slightly stronger than 2012, the improvement is expected to occur in the second half of the year. In the second quarter, we expect lower manufactured volume compared with last year. Higher production costs associated with interim Tier 4 will have an impact in the quarter, as well as global growth expenses. Let's move now to our Financial Services operations. Slide 17 shows the financial services provision for credit losses as a percent of the total average owned portfolio at 31 January, 2013 was one basis points reflecting the excellent quality of our portfolios and recoveries from prior year's write-off, our 2013 financial forecast now contemplates the loss provision to be about 16 basis points as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. The 10-year average is about 27 basis points. Moving to slide 18, worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $133 million in the first quarter versus $119 million, last year. For the full year, net income attributable to Deere & Company is now forecast to be about $540 million. Slide 19 outlines receivables and inventory. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the quarter up about $1.2 billion, or approximately 30% of trailing 12-month sales, the same relative to one year ago. The increase year-over-year is predominantly Ag, mainly reflective of higher sales volume. The C&F increase is mostly related to Canadian consigned in Nortrak's inventories. This occurred as dealer rebuilt their inventories prior to the current caution in the market. We expect to end 2013 with receivables and inventory up about $500 million. The increase from our prior forecast relates to a stronger large Ag market in the U.S. and Canada, strong markets in South America and better definition to our final Tier 4 engine transition plan. Our guidance for cost of sales as a percent of net sales shown on slide 20, remains at approximately 74% in 2013. Factors affecting cost of sales include price realization, production and manufacturing costs, raw material costs, engine emission product costs, absorption and effects of foreign exchange. For modeling purposes, keep in mind, price realization, we are forecasting about three points in 2013. Interim Tier 4 product costs that we've talked about the last two years, lower production than in 2012, reflecting a much lower inventory build than last year, which affects absorption and the impact on cost of sale from new employees. In keeping with our growth plans, Deere hired an additional 5,000 people in 2012 with over 3,000 of them joining us in the last three quarters of the year. These additions are critical to support our growth both domestically and internationally and will impact cost of sales, R&D and SA&G in 2013. I want to quickly run through January retail sales. Unfortunately, the AEM numbers were released too late to incorporate into our slide back. For utility tractors, industry sales were up 12%. Deere sales were flat in the month. Industry inventory for the utility tractors for the month of December were 48% of the previous 12 month sales. Deere inventories were lower. Industry sales of row crop tractors were up 27% in the month. Deere sales were up double digits but less than the industry. Industry row crop inventories for December were 28% of the previous 12 month sales. Deere inventories were lower than the industry. Moving to four-wheel drive tractors, industry sales were up 89% while Deere sales were up triple digits. December industry inventories were 21% of previous 12 month sales. Deere inventories were slightly higher. For combines, industry sales in the month were up 17%. Deere sales were up more than the industry. Industry inventories for December were 11% of the previous 12 month sales. Deere inventories were slightly lower. Deere dealer inventories at January 31, 2013 for row crop tractors were 19% of previous 12 month sales compared to 12% in 2012. Comparable numbers for combines are 11% at January 31, 2013 versus 5% in 2012. The remaining industry sales for Ag and Turf, the EU27 and C&F can still be found in the appendix of our slide deck. Now back to the slides. Looking at our R&D expense on slide 21, R&D was up 14% in the first quarter compared with the same period last year consistent with our guidance that the increase in R&D spending for 2013 would occur in the first half of the year. Our 2013 forecast continues to call for R&D expense to be up about 3% for the full year. Moving now to slide 22. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 10% in the first quarter. Very much like R&D, the quarter-over-quarter increases for SA&G are heavily weighted to the first half of the year. In fact about 70% of the SA&G increase will occur in the first two quarters. SA&G expense is forecast to be up about 7% in 2013, no change from our previous guidance. The equipment operations tax rate was about 30% in the first quarter with the rate affected by discrete items. While it is not our practice to provide specific of discrete items we would note the extension of the R&D tax credit for 2013 and it's being retroactive to 2012. For full year 2013, the effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34% to 36%, representing no change from our previous forecast. On slide 24, you see our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. We continue to forecast cash flow from equipment operations to be about $3.4 billion in 2013. On slide 25, we outline our 2013 outlook for the second quarter and full year. Our net sales forecast for the second quarter is up about 4% compared with 2012. This includes about two points of price realization with unfavorable currency translation of about one point. A couple of other items to keep in mind as you model the second quarter. As we stated previously, R&D and SA&G expense are front-end loaded costs affecting our year-over-year second quarter results and in last year's second quarter results were favorably impacted by a reduction in pension and OPEC expense of approximately $65 million. The full year forecast now calls for net sales to be up about 6% compared with 2012. Price realization is expected to be positive by about three points. We have increased our full year 2013 net income forecast to about $3.3 billion. In closing, John Deere has entered 2013 on a strong pace. Our key markets remain in good shape for the most part and we are looking for another solid year. True, our near-term outlook is tempered by uncertainties over fiscal, economic and trade issues. This is hurting business confidence and restraining growth, but we continue to invest in the future as the longer-term picture continues to be extremely bright. Our plans for helping meet the world's growing need for food, shelter and infrastructure are well on track and moving ahead. All-in-all, we remain highly confident about the company's future prospects and our ability to deliver value to customers and investors in the years to come. Tony?
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Susan. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. But as a reminder, in consideration of others, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow-up. If you have additional questions we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Andy Kaplowitz, and please state your company name.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays: Good morning, guys. It's Barclays. Nice quarter. If we could talk about construction first, can you talk a little bit more about your comments around emerging caution from dealers? To me it sounds a big counterintuitive, you know, having going the right way. Is the rental market slowing down for you and you didn't mention energy and material handling you as a strength which you have in the past?
Tony Huegel: Yes. We would actually. In terms of strength, where we are strength, we would continue to say the key areas, rental continues to be stronger energy related as well as material handling. That really hasn't changed. I think, where the ready outlook has changes, we are seeing some caution around some of the uncertainties around fiscal policies and particularly impacting our Construction & Forestry business, and dealers in particular, I think also are cautious. And as a result, they are beginning to pull down their inventory somewhat.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays: Okay. I bet other people ask you about that. Tony, if I could ask you about your guidance, you maintained your guidance of 74% cost of sales. You did 74% in the quarter, we were modeling something worse. It seemed like you executed quite well in the context of although that's your employees that came in the beginning of the year or at the end of last year. So, why wouldn't margins go up toward the end of the year, that cost of sales number go down, you production of combine should be going up at least modestly and you would better absorb those employees, especially considering price cost should be relatively good this year.
Tony Huegel: Right. Actually you touched on one of the reasons with combines shipments. Keep in mind that last year we actually had the opposite phenomena and in the sense that we were producing and shipping a higher than normal percentage of combines in the back half of the year. And in 2013, we'll be moving to what would be a more typical shipping pattern on those combines, so we are seeing a lot more being shipped in this first half. Especially in the first quarter, we saw more combines shipped versus last year. In fact last year was like maybe about 10% the combine that were of the annual shipments of combines went out in the first quarter, and Europe closer to 15% to 20% in the first quarter this year, so it's a big shift.
Andy Kaplowitz - Barclays: Okay. Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jamie Cook, and please state your company name.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, Good morning. Credit Suisse, and sorry just to follow-up to Andy's question on the C&F side, I guess two questions. One, I mean, Tony, when you look at your forecast on housing, it's up a little, non-res is down a little, so your economic forecast really hasn't changed that much, so I guess my question is, is this more Deere specific and that that you had too much inventory in channel and you are making some adjustments that other people made before and just what's the level of dealer inventory out there I guess needs to get cut. My second question is, I am pretty sure you said margins are still 8% in C&F on a lower sales forecast, and I just wanted you to confirm that, and then how were you able to achieve the same margins on a lower sales increase? Thanks.
Marie Ziegler: Sorry, Tony, our (inaudible). So Jamie, we are really tweaking our inventories on that construction side. If you look at the ending guidance, its down hundred and some million dollars from our previous outlook. So it is really tweaking but again, in the field, we are seeing a little slower rate in terms of inventory growth and that is just what you are seeing in terms of inventory ordering. So you are seeing that reflected in a little bit of caution in our outlook especially for the second quarter.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: But I guess, Marie, do you feel like you guys were a little late on the inventory reduction relative to some other guys? Or you were just more cautious? Is it marker or is it Deere? I guess I am still not.
Marie Ziegler: I think if you are comparing us to another company, you know we are talking $100 million, $200 million, not dramatic changes relative to others. So I think you are talking more tweaking but nonetheless that shows up in our sales guidance.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay, fine, and then just on the margin question, Marie. Thank you.
Rajesh Kalathur: Hey, Jamie, this is Raj. Just on the C&F inventories, we are essentially up, C&F inventories versus receivable to about $200 million for Q1 primarily because we have a stronger market in Canada for construction and we have consigned inventory in Canada. Okay, thats what went up. Now we are taking it down. The reduction in the C&F forecast, we like taking it down and that is reflected in, as Marie said, inventory versus receivables going down almost nothing by the end of the year.
Tony Huegel: Remind us about the margin question.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Yes, I think you said margins are the same and I think your sales forecast is a little lower.
Marie Ziegler: Debt to EPS C&F margin is the same.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: I think that your Tier 4 class assumption's are lower. Is there anything else driving that or not? Because it seems to me, the mix isnt going to help your sales forecast. All right, maybe I am splitting hairs.
Marie Ziegler: There is no big story there other than I think a good attention to the level of expenses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann and please state your company name.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company: Hi, good morning, it's Jefferies. I was hoping, we could just have a bit of an update on where the order books stand and for any programs you might want to highlight and then curious about what you are seeing in the used market as well?
Tony Huegel: I assume you are referring on the order books in U.S. and Canada on Ag.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company: Yes, please.
Tony Huegel: Okay, yes. Basically, they continue to be very, very strong. I am looking for the exact data here.
Marie Ziegler: And while Tony is looking and thats really reflected in the improved guidance for North American Ag where you see us taking it flat to up 5% for the industry where we have been flat before and that is driven almost exclusively by large Ag. Tony?
Tony Huegel: Right, so specifically on early order programs and these are for the order programs that were active during the quarter. So excluding cotton and combines and sprayers ended during our fourth quarter. So, outside of that, we are still low double-digits year-over-year on the early order program. So that things like self-propelled windrowers, forage harvesters, as well as planting equipment. Our combine early order program ended in mid-January and was for the U.S. and then February 1 in Canada but very, very strong and we have virtually all of our production covered with the early order program. On tractors again, our order window is open about seven months and track tractors in particular, are very strong. Both 8 and 9 track tractors are affectively sold out during that order window. In both cases, keep in mind thats with additional capacity for U.S. production. On the 8R wheeled tractors, the effective availability is late June. Again on additional capacity, over 2012 and on the 9R wheels, there is availability in April of this year which is similar to where we were last year. So, across the board very comfortable to where we were last year, but on higher capacity for the U.S. and Canada.
Rajesh Kalathur: On the used equipment, now what I can comment, Steven is, the combines is one that everybody picks up typically, value of the price levels are holding very low, inventories and turns are in decent shape as well. Now, when it comes to tractors [crops] were in very good shape and all those key parameters four-wheel drives, given the retail sales we have had, we are very comfortable with the inventory levels and the turns we have on four-wheel drives. Pricing is holding very well as well.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company: That's great. And just quickly, the increased capacity that you spoke of, Tony, can I think of that as 15%-ish?
Tony Huegel: It's in the 15% to 20% range on tractors.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company: Super. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan. Please state your company name.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Hi. Good morning. JPMorgan. Can we talk about Ag and turf for a little bit? I was surprised you kind of lost over the unfavorable impact on margins this quarter. Can we get a little bit more detail, particularly on the warranty costs? Is that just accruals? Is it actual costs? Where are they coming from? And then production costs and R&D also.
Marie Ziegler: Let me start with warranty. Ann, as you know Deere has extremely high product quality. And in fact over the last decade, we've taken our warranty rate actually down by about a third, so we are doing very good in that. You are well aware as I am sure everyone is, that we have had because of IT4, a record number of product introductions in a compressed time. And it's good as our product or occasionally we have to make a few corrections and so this really just relates to the fact we've had this huge number of product introductions. And when you launch something new, you occasionally have to make a few fixes, so no big story there.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Okay. So, are we done with those warranty costs now, or they are headwind for the remainder of the year?
Marie Ziegler: We would expect that you might see a little bit of an increase in the run rate as you move forward again just reflecting on the launch of product. In any other quarter, it wouldn't have even shown as factor to explain the quarter's results. It's just that we had relatively low sales volumes in the first quarter, so it's a little more apparent.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: That's fair point. Just a little bit more philosophically kind of around the warranty costs, or Tier 4 interim. You are the only company that's really calls out the transition to Tier 4 engines quarter-after-quarter is being a headwind. Is there any case to be made that that's because you are EGR first then going to SCR, whereas most of the rest of the industry both, construction and Agriculture went primarily to SCR or how should we as investors think about your struggle with this transition relevant to as peers?
Marie Ziegler: Excuse me, Not a struggler, actually a very, very good execution. We just want to help you understand that there are costs associated with this product cost in addition to the R&D and the capital expense associated with it and that's helpful in understanding our margins. We've done a very good job on cost recovery and we have added a significant amount of value to our customers. Because as we've discussed in the past, the product introductions are around IT4, so in addition to getting the emissions upgrade, we are getting a tremendous amount of features and values.
Rajesh Kalathur: So, let me reiterate something here, Ann. In terms of investments for our emissions, no. We are making dollars and I think we are talking about those. Our competitors have costs as well, okay? So it's not cost that only Deer is seeing. Others are seeing it as well. And, like Marie said, our implementation is done very well and we are looking forward to keeping that momentum FT4 transitions as well coming up '14 and '13.
Tony Huegel: I would also reiterate, compared to some of our competitors if you look at our overall margin, I think we are doing fairly well.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: I will leave it there and get back in line. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Crawford and please state your company name.
Eric Crawford - UBS: Hi, good morning, UBS. Wanted to touch on the South American outlook. Clearly seeing some strength in Brazil but I am curious how the competitive dynamics are playing out. Are you seeing room to tick up pricing more than you originally planned and you expect your share in combines, perhaps, to recover after it took a dip?
Tony Huegel: Yes, and certainly as we look at our pricing, again in Brazil. we continue to have positive price realization year-over-year, again in the first quarter. We had positive price realization. I think for us, as you are aware, we have introduced a number of new products in to that market and they have been very, very successful. We have talked for a number of years about the strength of our distribution and I think as you see the market shares shift, that just further demonstrates what we have been saying regarding the strength of that distribution. So again we are very positive about that regarding combines. Certainly we would hope to see the recovery and keep in mind, it is a pretty small drop in the year on combine market share but we would certainly expect to continue to recover from that and perhaps even extend our share further.
Eric Crawford - UBS: Thats fair. If I could just as a follow-up on CIS. You didnt say credit being a factor. So is it safe to assume that it is not having an impact or is it just that there has been no change there and in light of the higher import duties has you longer-term view on that market changed at all?
Tony Huegel: Yes, certainly with credit I wouldnt imply that by lack of discussion that it isnt an issue because certainly there is some tightening of credit and in CIS countries. We talked about it last quarter. Really it is just the more significant change would be around the import duties, specifically on combines that were added. Keep in mind that really begins in mid-February and runs through June currently.
Marie Ziegler: July.
Tony Huegel: Oh, its actually July, I am sorry. And then there will be a determination of whether that gets extended or not. So it is probably premature to talk about what kind of long-term impact that may have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten and please state your company name.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Longbow Securities. Good morning, everyone. Can we just talk a little bit more on construction equipment and a little more color, I think indicated second quarter productions are going to probably trail last year numbers and Brazil has some tax on imports of construction equipment. Is part of the reduction in forecast due to some of the tax there and Brazil also? Or can you go back second quarter production versus last year? And do you think it is going to change?
Marie Ziegler: I am sorry, Eli, I cut you off.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Is most of the drop in production for the 3% gain in CIS coming in the second half of the year?
Marie Ziegler: So the drop in the second quarter is really exclusively related to North American construction and then there is also some forestry activity. In Brazil, indeed we are actually building our presence. So although there are tariffs, as you know we are entering that market. We have got a dealer network that we are supporting with equipment sales, imported equipment sales prior to the launch of production in our factories which will really be '14 and 2015 event. So it has nothing to do with Brazil and its a tweaking in North America as we talked about earlier.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Okay, and so as a follow-up, you mentioned nothing about material cost this year. There is actually a tailwind versus last year. We are approaching final Tier 4 next year in '14 and '15. Can you give us some insight on how it is going to affect Deere, and some of your larger equipment and in Ag, you will probably after you introduce final Tier 4 next year? So how that incremental cost would be as we get closer to that date?
Tony Huegel: Sure, and I want to make sure that I am separating the two because we talk about in the past about material cost and then we have talked about interim Tier 4 material cost. As we mentioned, in the first quarter material costs excluding IT4, it is not a material impact, either positively or negative in terms of driving any change in that cost of sales percentage. On interim Tier 4, certainly that is an impact, the emission cost, if we look at unfavorable factors impacting our cost of sales ratios, interim Tier 4 product cost would be the largest impact in this year. As you mentioned, we'll move into final Tier 4 beginning in 2014, and so you will start to see in addition to, you have your interims forecast to pretty much be completed, but you will start seeing final Tier 4 and that should be fairly similar to what we saw in terms of the ramp-up, not necessarily the total cost to what we saw with interim Tier 4 in that large Ag 175 horsepower equipment is the effective date of that that regulations is January 1, so you will start seeing large ago Ag go and then below 175 horsepower in 2015.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: So we see the cost beginning in the second half of this year, this fiscal year, beginning ramp up as we get closer to it?
Marie Ziegler: In first quarter you might see a little bit of the impact more as you get started with some demonstration models and things like that farm shows, but no it's really a fiscal 2014. You're also aware we talked about the inventories and receivables being a little higher on the Ag side than what original guidance have been. We will continue to refine our transition plan as we move through the year, so you can some activity there. In terms of cost up, Eli, the bigger cost up was really to go from Tier 3 the IT4. Going to final Tier 4 well, is still cost up, is not quite as significant. I do not have precise estimates of the number, but as you said on a 10-point scale, if you are going from Tier 3 to IT4 was a 10 then maybe you are looking at 5-point, 6-point 7-point to go from IT4 to final Tier 4, but we are still, as you might imagine, working on that.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Thank you very much.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Rob Wertheimer, and please state your company name.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Hi. It's Vertical Research Partners. Good morning, everybody. My first question is, did I understand on the Russia turf issue that's only on the combine side and did you build into your forecast that on tractors as well as that's something you expect?
Tony Huegel: Yes. At this point that import duty is only on combine and we are not aware of any change at point with tractors, so the outlook really is impacting combine alone. That impact as Susan pointed out, it's not just Russia, but that affects Russia and Kazakhstan as well as.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. Thanks. Then second just sort of a big picture question. Obviously the environment was strong in Brazil, I am curious about what kind of customers are buying the biggest sort of largest corporate firms there tend to buy stuff and use it runs all the way down. I don't know whether it's accelerating I don't know whether it's the development of used market in Brazil as they maybe accelerate, or whether it's mid-tier farmers who are buying more or smaller. I am just wondering if you can give just sort of a bit of color around about Brazil is evolving.
Tony Huegel: Sure. Certainly there continues be and it kind of depends on what industry you are referring to in terms of a typical usage. For example sugar industry tends to use both, tractors and harvesters very heavily on an annual basis. And to your point, with their holding patterns they tend to be pretty much ready for scrap by the time they are ready to the trade-in. Grain industry is a little bit different and there is probably to best characterize maybe a bit of a developing used equipment market. Typically they are trading in every five years or so, but a typical grain farmer is putting fewer hours on than what you would see in the sugar industry. So, our dealers do take trade there. In some cases, similar to the U.S. still have an in-house used equipment department to process those through. Some of them actually outsource it and have others take care of selling that used equipment. But again I would characterize it more as a developing issue or market versus what you would have in the U.S.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Are you seeing strength amongst the very biggest, the big corporate ones and then large line holders and small as well anything that you can call about a lot of your customers? Thanks. I will stop.
Rajesh Kalathur: This is Raj. Let me broadly say that, some time back there was this Mais Alimentos program in Brazil that provided additional subsidies for smaller farmers and we have seen that thats peaked off and since then the national economics has determined essentially that the larger farmers are growing. Okay, and if you look at our own past experiences, these are very large farmers and in 2011, 2012 approximately 60 of these farmers who would contribute almost $0.5 billion worth of our revenues in that market. We have said that in the past. If you look at the first quarter, we have a slightly higher proportion of large Ag sales in Brazil than in the first quarter of last year. So it is increasing especially for us towards large Ag and our proportion of large customers is increasing.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Thats great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey and please state your company name.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: Wells Fargo Securities. Good morning, everyone. First, just a clarification on the revenue forecast change. Does that include any modified currency assumption?
Tony Huegel: No, it does not.
Marie Ziegler: No.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, so all volume basically.
Tony Huegel: Right.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: And then second, within Ag and Turf, are you redirecting any combine shipments to other regions due to this increased import duty issue? And then is that removing some upside potential to margin driven by the richer mix implied in the U.S. and Canada outlook changes?
Marie Ziegler: No. There may have been some tweaking in terms of the timing of some shipments but I dont think given the relative size of the market you are not looking at a big, huge change on the combines.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thanks. I will follow-up later on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Tiss and please state your company name.
Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets: I am back at Montreal. How are you doing guys.
Tony Huegel: Great. How are you?
Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets: All right. So just two things. One is, can you tell us if the profitability of the European Ag business was up or down in the quarter?
Tony Huegel: Unfortunately, we can't speak to profit margins in specific regions.
Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets: Whatever. All right, and why the big range on the tax rate? The 200 basis point?
Marie Ziegler: Thats typical.
Tony Huegel: We typically have, in fact, thats been consistent with our range that we started the year with and throughout the year last year as well.
Joel Tiss - BMO Capital Markets: All right, I guess, as long as Raj is here, can you talk a little bit about the long term attraction of the forestry equipment business? It seems to be just bouncing around for the last 10 years and not really going anywhere.
Rajesh Kalathur: So the forestry business is a very important portion of our business. If you know, our long term strategy, and our 2018 aspirations, we have articulated that we have the growth businesses which are Ag and construction and the complimentary businesses Turf or Ag and forestry or constructions. So we think of that as an important contributor going forward in terms of being complimentary to the construction equipment business. In terms of longer term growth, we are not expecting as much from forestry as from construction. Tailwinds in construction is very critical for us. Tailwinds in forestry, we think are very modest. So we have been looking to get good SVA and not great top line from forestry going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich and please state your company name.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. It is Goldman Sachs. Tony, in Eastern Europe with your of facilities or manufacturer footprint there, it sounds like you are better positioned than most for a potential change in the tariff regime. Can you just talk about what kind of local content requirements would be needed for combines to be considered local when over what time period would you be able to configure your facilities there to do some assembly work in the region?
Tony Huegel: Yes. Certainly. Unfortunately now with any specific. We are currently working with the Russian government specifically in terms of what those definitions are and trying to ensure that we can move that direction if feasible and qualifies local production, but that's something that we are working through at the moment.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: And, Tony, can you comment on around what timeframe you would be able to execute that if you did reach an agreement?
Tony Huegel: It depends on how quickly you can reach an agreement and what that requirement would be that be, so it would be very premature to speculate on that.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And from a pricing standpoint maybe the answer is mix or rounding, but I am wondering if you can comment. Your pricing this quarter was 100 basis points lower than your guidance and you are looking for two points of pricing into fiscal second quarter accelerating back to 3% in the back half of the year and I am wondering if you could just step us through what's driving the versus your expectations in the first quarter and the mix improvement in the back half versus 2Q.
Tony Huegel: I believe, we talked about three points of price realization for the full year.
Rajesh Kalathur: It was 4 for the quarter.
Marie Ziegler: Four for the quarter, there is really not a story there. As you can see that we are unprepared to answer it nothing.
Rajesh Kalathur: Part of that Jerry is lot of rounding. You need to be careful about how we do this, right? so, more so story you will find is actually in rounding.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ashish Gupta. Please state your company name.
Ashish Gupta - CLSA: Hi. Good morning. CLSA. I am maybe at the risk of asking you to rehash some things you already described, but it seems like guidance is implying something like 11% incremental margins for the equipment business for the second through fourth quarter's year-over-year and I realize you mentioned the combine production is more evenly balanced this year versus last year, but I was just wondering if there is anything else in there that would have sort of point to the deceleration incremental profitability.
Rajesh Kalathur: So, now Ashish, we need to re-provide guidance and the top line as you know 1% increments, so there is a range that you need to be careful about in terms of rounding 0.2 to 1.8, okay? And again, on the other hand, we provide guidance on net income $100 million increments, so you got to be thinking about the range there as well could be anywhere between $20 million $180 million. And if you look at our operating margins for Ag and C&F, we have said it's 15%, 8%, those have not changed. And now, we are also looking at in terms of effective tax rate 34 to 36. Now, Q1 what 30, because of a discrete item. Overall, we are saying it's going to be 34 to 36, and then given the uncertain economic environment around the world, you will expect some caution from us in crops at least so especially in the second half outlook. So, factoring these, I think you should be able to add up the numbers that we provided.
Ashish Gupta - CLSA: That's helpful, Raj. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Fleck, and please state your company name.
Adam Fleck - Morningstar: Good morning. I wanted to turn back maybe to the Western European market. We know that market continues to weaken. Are you seeing any competitive issues or pricing pressure you'd call out?
Marie Ziegler: No. The biggest change that we are seeing is really coming out of the U.K., which relates to the weather that we've talk already about, but it's a large one of the key markets in that part of the world and it is very, very weak. We're actually seeing some stabilization in the South, which is gratifying although stabilizing at very low levels. We actually had some strength in markets like France and even some growth in Germany. So, it's really is really the U.K. the unique phenomena related to the weather and resulting crop yields of last year and then concern emerging over what happened this winter.
Adam Fleck - Morningstar: But you are not seeing any increased attempts at marketing efforts or price cuts or anything like that in that particular weak market?
Marie Ziegler: Nothing out of the ordinary.
Adam Fleck - Morningstar: Okay, great. Thats helpful, thanks. Then just one more from me quickly. Your share repurchase activity dropped prettily sharp in the quarter. Is that just because of a more cautious economic outlook that you described or is there anything else there?
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely. I think you may recall that we ended the year with about $6 billion of cash and we said we had pulled forward some funding because we were concerned about the outlook for the risk on fiscal cliff, et cetera and consistent with that, we moderated our share repurchases and I do want to emphasize that share repurchase is a residual use of cash. This tends to be a high use of cash time for us in the first half of the year as well. So no story.
Rajesh Kalathur: This is Raj. Let me reiterate that our cash use priorities are the same. They havent changed, okay.
Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you. Operator, I think we have time for one more call.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes across Ross Gilardi and please state your company name.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, Bank of America. Just on that cash flow prioritization. I know you clearly had a big quarter in Ag. What signals are you looking for to raise the dividend more substantially?
Marie Ziegler: Well, we do not ever comment on dividend policy actions. You know that we convey that over a long time. We desire to be known as a company that consistently and moderately increased dividends and that we have a targeted payout on average over a long period of time of 25% to 35%. If you look at the monies that we have returned to shareholders really since we began our share repurchase program in 2004, you are looking at about 60%. Some of that has been in the form of dividends. Some of it has been in the form of share repurchase.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks, and then just on a Section 179, do you think that had a big impact on demand in December? Is that borrowing from your first half 2013 outlook at all? Just could you clarify, is this is a one-year extension or is it been extended indefinitely?
Marie Ziegler: It extends through 2013. Actually, at the margin, we would view it very much so as additive because it is most significant in helping facilitate moving the used goods and thats obviously important in a mature market. So that was a favorable development for us.
Tony Huegel: I am sorry. Keep in mind, on new equipment, in terms of, for our farmer customer, by the time they realize they want to extend some tax shelter or take advantage of that quite often for us, our order book, especially on large Ag are extended beyond January 1 or December 31 and so they wouldnt be able to order and receive that equipment ahead of that December 31 cutoff to take a lot of advantage of new equipment.
Rajesh Kalathur: The recent Section 179 announcements came in the first week of January. So the previous November, December, this was after that November, December when the announcement came in. So, as Marie said, we are expecting an impact on the used equipment movement because it is this year and not in 2012.
Ross Gilardi - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just, could I ask one last question on China subsidies?
Tony Huegel: We will have to cover that in follow-up. Okay, thank you very much. In summary, just wanted to reiterate, obviously while our near-term outlook is tempered by uncertainties over fiscal, economic and trade issues, we have entered 2013 on a very strong pace and looking forward to another solid year. With that, we thank you for your participation in the call and as always, we will be available the rest of the day to answer any additional questions you may have. Operator?
Operator: Thank you and this does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-11-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel  Director, IR Raj Kalathur  SVP and CFO Susan Karlix  Manager, Investor Communications Marie Ziegler  VP and Treasurer
Analysts: Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays Andrew Buscaglia  Credit Suisse Rob Wertheimer  Vertical Research Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs Ann Duignan  JP Morgan Ashish Gupta  CLSA Steve Volkmann  Jefferies David Raso  ISI Adam Nielsen  RBC Capital Rob McCarthy  Robert W. Baird Vance Edelson  Morgan Stanley Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deeres Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; and Susan Karlix, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, well take a closer look at Deeres fourth quarter earnings and full-year results then spend some time talking about our markets and the outlook for 2013. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere, is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future. Theyre subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. I will now turn the call over to Raj.
Raj Kalathur: Good morning and afternoon, everyone. First, let me say how pleased I am to be part of todays call. To give you some background about who I am, I joined John Deere in 1997 and have spent my career in different functional areas, starting in finance, including business development, sales and marketing and operations in North American and Asian locations. Before becoming the Deputy Financial Officer in April 2012, I was based in Singapore as Vice President of Sales and Marketing for our ag and turf businesses in Asia and Africa. Before that, I was Managing Director of the companys India operations. Im looking forward to bringing the benefit of my business experience to my role as CFO and to working with our Investor Relations team and many of you. Before turning things over to Susan for a fuller discussion of our results, a few words about what we experienced in the fourth quarter and our future business prospects. In our last conference call in August, we noted that our third quarter performance was impacted by manufacturing inefficiencies, which particularly affected the production of combines. At the time, our then CFO, Jim Field, said we expected these issues to be largely behind us by the end of the fiscal year. Im pleased to say thats exactly what happened. Our factories have done a good job of catching up with demand and are running quite well. In addition, John Deere has completed its best ever fourth quarter and best ever full-year in terms of both sales and earnings. We are pleased with our record results in 2012. As we all know, the world faces some big economic challenges today ranging from the U.S. fiscal cliff possibilities to euro debt crisis and the slowdown in emerging market economies. Todays economic uncertainties are real and troubling and John Deere is taking serious precautions in response. However, we dont see these issues having a lasting impact on the powerful tailwinds that we believe will drive demand for agriculture and construction equipment well into the future. In fact, we couldnt agree more with our CEO, Sam Allens comments in todays earnings announcement that we have great confidence in Deeres prospects and in our ability to deliver value to investors in the future. Susan?
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Raj. Now lets take a look at the fourth quarter in detail beginning on slide 3. Net sales and revenues were up 14% to $9.8 billion in the quarter. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $688 million. On slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were $9 billion, up 14% quarter-over-quarter, included is an unfavorable impact from currency translation of about three points, price realization in the quarter was positive by four points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with ag and turf on slide 5. Sales were up 16% in the quarter. Operating profit was $931 million. There is one item that affected operating profit Id like to touch on. As mentioned in the press release issued this morning and noted on this slide, the division recorded a small write-down, approximately $33 million pre-tax, relating to our water business. This write-down reflects the near-term actions we have taken to integrate water into the A&T divisions business and distribution channel. John Deere Water continues to be a long-term strategic opportunity for the company. Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the ag business. Slide 6 outlines U.S. commodity price estimates that underlie our financial forecast. Corn, soybean and wheat prices are reflective of the weather-driven events that affected the growing season and are supportive of equipment sales. Prices for cotton continue to fall, as stock levels globally are about 65% higher than two years ago. Slide 7 highlights cash receipts. Driven by strong crop prices, 2012 forecasted cash receipts of $388 billion is a record level. In 2013, strong crop prices are expected to continue and livestock receipts are forecasted to increase, spurring 2013 cash receipts even higher. As a reminder, in our modeling, current and prior-year cash receipts are the primary driver of equipment purchases in the U.S. market. With cash receipts at record levels, this bodes well for future farm prospects. Our economic outlook for the EU27 is on slide 8. The investment mood remains positive due to high commodity prices and corresponding strong income levels. However, the overall economic situation continues to weigh on farmer sentiment as wet weather accounted for a poor U.K. harvest and inadequate rainfall hampered the fall/winter crop planting in the Southeast EU. On slide 9, youll see the economic fundamentals outlined for a few of our other targeted growth markets. Slide 10 illustrates the value of agricultural production in Brazil. This is a good proxy for the health of agribusiness. It encompasses over 20 different crops and has a high correlation to tractor sales over time. With forecasts for an increase in acres planted, higher yields and sustained high crop prices, the 2013 value of ag production in Brazil is expected to increase about 9% over the 2012 level. Our 2013 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on slide 11. Industry sales in the U.S. and Canada are expected to be about flat in relation to the strong levels of 2012. We continue to see strength in demand especially for high horsepower tractors but our outlook is tempered by the drought-related effects on the livestock and dairy sectors. The EU27 industry outlook is flat to down 5% from the attractive levels of 2012. Our 2013 industry outlook in the CIS countries is modestly higher on the heels of strong commodity prices. Industry sales of tractors and combines in South America are expected to be up about 10% in 2013. With strong commodity prices forecast call for an increase in planted acres resulting in higher yields. In addition, current government programs in Brazil support higher amounts of financing and lower interest rates, which will benefit the industry in our fiscal 2013. In Asia, we expect little change in 2013 compared with 2012. Soft economic conditions continue in both India and China. As well, high interest rates and the impact on crop yields from the delayed monsoon bear caution in India. The uncertainty over subsidy policy framework under the new Chinese government is also a factor in our outlook. Turning to another product category, we expect industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada to be up about 5% in 2013, reflecting some improvement in the U.S. economy. We expect to outperform the industry with the launch of new turf and utility products especially new utility vehicles and commercial and residential mowers. Putting this all together on slide 12, fiscal year 2013 Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment are forecast to be up about 4%. 2013 operating margin for the ag and turf division is forecast at about 15%. Before moving to C&F, lets touch on our early order programs. The combine early order program began in August with sales being allocated by quarter this year. Orders for combines are progressing nicely with all production sold out for quarters one and two. Dealers began placing orders for third quarter production earlier this month. In aggregate, the other seasonal programs for planters, sprayers, drills, air seeding and tillage are all up double-digits. Of note, sprayer production is almost full, even with additional capacity available this year. Our 2013 outlook is supported by this promising early order activity. Lets focus now on construction and forestry on slide 13. Net sales were up 7% in the quarter. Operating profit was $120 million, an increase of 38%. For the quarter, C&F incremental margin was about 31%, a noticeable improvement over the 8% incremental margin realized in the fourth quarter of 2011. Price realization and higher shipment volumes contributed to the results. On slide 14, looking at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide, keep in mind, these Global Insight projections assume a rational resolution to the so-called fiscal cliff and expiration of the payroll tax cuts. Even as the housing sector slowly recovers and consumer confidence is up, overall economic growth continues at a slow pace. Deeres C&F business continues to benefit from sales to independent rental companies and the energy and material handling sectors. As well, Deere dealers continue to see strength in the rental and used-equipment markets. Fiscal 2013 net sales in construction and forestry are forecast to be up about 8%. Global forestry markets are expected to be flat in 2013 as weakness in Europe is being offset by improvement in the United States. C&F full-year operating margin is projected to be about 8%, a slight improvement over 2012. Investments in growth are the largest factor underlying C&F operating margin. The two new factories going up in Brazil, and another in China, add additional research and development costs and selling, administrative and general expenses. We expect such growth-related expenses and costs, with little to no revenue from the new factories, to run through 2013 and well into 2014. These factories position us well for the future as Brazil is one of the worlds fastest-growing construction equipment markets and China is an important market long-term. While construction and forestrys full-year 2013 outlook is stronger than 2012, its first quarter will be against a very tough compare. Recall, in the first quarter of 2012, the division had extremely high production volumes of high-horsepower machines prior to the transition to Interim Tier 4 engines. In the first quarter of 2013, shipments will shift to more purchased products, like excavators and commercial worksite machines, so not only will mix shift away from the higher-horsepower machines, keep in mind that purchased products have no impact on absorption. Higher product costs associated with Interim Tier 4 will have an impact in the quarter, as well as the global growth expenses discussed earlier. Nonetheless, the full-year outlook is good. Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 15 shows the financial services provision for credit losses as a percent of the total average-owned portfolio at 31 October, 2012 was essentially zero. This reflects the excellent quality of our portfolios, as well as some allowance reductions in the U.S. construction and forestry and Brazil ag portfolios, reflecting improved market conditions. Our 2013 financial forecast contemplates the loss provision returning to a more typical level of about 26 basis points as a percentage of the average-owned portfolio. Keep in mind, the 10-year average is about 34 basis points. Moving to slide 16, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $122 million in the fourth quarter, which is about flat with the previous year. Before moving to receivables and inventory, lets touch on two items in financial services quarterly results that may warrant further explanation. One is the higher reserves for crop insurance claims. In the fourth quarter of 2011, we accrued an underwriting gain on our crop insurance premium. The opposite happened in the fourth quarter of 2012, we accrued an underwriting loss. $25 million was the amount recognized in fiscal year 2012 for the drought, the majority of which was recorded in the third quarter. The second item is the higher provision for credit losses. In the fourth quarter of 2011, reductions were taken on the allowance for doubtful receivables, whereas there were no similar reductions made in the fourth quarter of 2012. It is important to note as we discussed on slide 15, the provision as a percent of the total average-owned portfolio was essentially zero in the fourth quarter of 2012, reflecting the excellent quality of our portfolios. Looking ahead, we are projecting worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company of about $500 million in 2013. Slide 17 outlines receivables and inventory. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventory ended the year up about $1.3 billion. This was in line with our forecast and provides further evidence that our third quarter execution issues have been resolved. We expect to end 2013 with ag and turf receivables and inventory nearly flat with 2012 levels. C&F will be up about $175 million due to expected further recovery in the sector. Before moving on, it is important to note that in fiscal 2012, over 5,000 new employees joined the John Deere team. These additions are necessary to support our growth, both domestically and internationally, and will impact cost of sales, R&D and SA&G in 2013. Since almost two-thirds of the new employees came aboard in the last three quarters of 2012, there will be a noticeable increase in expense in the first half of the year, especially in the first quarter. As we head into the new fiscal year, we will begin providing guidance on the cost of sales as a percent of net sales as shown on slide 18. Cost of sales may be impacted by price realization, production or manufacturing costs, raw material costs, engine emission product costs, absorption and the effects of foreign currency exchange, cost of sales is expected to be approximately 74% of net sales in 2013. For modeling purposes, keep in mind, price realization: we are forecasting about three points in 2013; Interim Tier 4 product costs that weve talked about the last two years; on slide 17, we talked about 2013 receivables and inventory expected to be up about $200 million, a far lower increase than we had in 2012, which affects absorption; and the impact on cost of sales from the new employees discussed earlier. Looking at R&D expense on slide 19, R&D was up about 16% in the fourth quarter and up about 17% for the full year compared to the same periods last year. In August, we provided full year 2012 R&D guidance of up about 15%. Due to the extremely short timeframe between full implementation of Interim Tier 4 and the regulatory dates for Final Tier 4, spending has been accelerated in many product areas. Our 2013 forecast calls for R&D expense to be up about 3%. Moving now to slide 20, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 9% in the fourth quarter and up about 7% for the full year. SA&G expense is forecast to be up about 7% in 2013. The equipment operations tax rate was about 38% in the fourth quarter and 35% for the full year, as you can see on slide 21. The quarterly rate was impacted by updated Accounting Standards Codification 740 reserves, a lower Section 199 deduction and the goodwill impairment charge for water. For full year 2013, the effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 34% to 36%. On slide 22, you see our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. We are forecasting cash flow from equipment operations to be about $3.4 billion in 2013. Slide 23 outlines our use of cash priorities, which is unchanged and no doubt familiar to many of you. Our number one priority is to manage the balance sheet, including liquidity, to support a rating that provides access to low-cost and readily available short- and long-term funding, plus Deere is strongly committed to its A rating. You may have noticed we had about $6 billion in enterprise cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet at 31 October. With all the uncertainty in the global economy, coupled with our normal heavy first quarter seasonal needs, we felt it prudent to pre-fund our first quarter requirements. Long-term, we do not plan to continue this level of pre-funding. Our second use of cash priority is funding value-creating investments in our operations, such as the two new construction facilities in Brazil referenced earlier. A third priority is to provide for the common stock dividend which we have raised 64% since 2010. Over time, we want to consistently deliver a series of moderately increased dividends while targeting a 25% to 35% payout ratio on average. In this regard, we are mindful of the importance of maintaining the dividend and thus not growing it beyond the point that can be comfortably sustained by our cash flow. Share repurchase is our method of deploying excess cash once the previous requirements are met and as long as such repurchase is value-enhancing. From 2004 through 2012, we have returned 60% of cash from operations to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. On slide 24, we outline our 2013 outlook for the full year and the first quarter. Our net sales forecast for the full year is up about 5% compared to 2012. This includes about three points of price realization. Our full-year 2013 net income forecast is about $3.2 billion. The first quarter forecast calls for net sales to be up about 10% compared with the first quarter of 2012. Price realization in the quarter is expected to be positive by about four points with unfavorable currency translation of approximately one point. In closing, John Deere enters 2013 on a strong pace. Were looking for a continuation of this performance in the year ahead, thanks in large part to strength in the global farm sector. At the same time, the company is capitalizing on the positive long-term macroeconomic trends by pursuing new markets, adding productive new models of equipment and extending its competitive position throughout the world. John Deeres plans for helping meet the worlds growing need for food, shelter and infrastructure are well on track and achieving a good deal of success; all of which supports our confidence about the future and our ability to serve customers and investors over the long-term. Tony?
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Susan. Were now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. But as a reminder, in consideration of others, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow up. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question or comment comes from Andy Kaplowitz. Your line is open. And please state your company name.
Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays: Good morning, guys. Barclays.
Susan Karlix: Good morning.
Tony Huegel: Hi, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays: Could you guys talk a little bit more about the U.S. ag market  the outlook for 2013? How are tractors doing so far? I know you dont have an early order program but how are they doing, maybe some lead-times? And then I think we understand the livestock market is relatively weak, but if youve gotten things like sprayers basically sold out and youve got combines pretty strong, is there potential upside to a flat market, again assuming its a strong market to begin with?
Tony Huegel: Yeah, Andy. This is Tony. And I would say that on the tractor question, our order book, as you point out, we dont have an early order program but the order book for U.S. and Canada is roughly the same type of availability as last year; but keep in mind that is with higher capacity so as you look at 8R Tractors for example, availability is out to April 2013 timeframe; again similar to last year. And then the 9RT Track Tractors would be May of 2013.
Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays: So it looks pretty good. Tony, maybe I could shift gears and ask you about  so youve decided to do new guidance in cost of sales, and Im sure you guys anticipate that we would ask you about  to break that down a little bit if you could or at least help us think about material costs and emission cost in 2013, how should we think about it, and how did it end up in 4Q?
Tony Huegel: Sure. And as we move forward in the past, as you know, weve given specific numeric guidance. We can certainly help kind of directionally, but as we look at those costs, Susan cited really the three highest increases, emissions costs would be the greatest increase. Absorption also is impacting the year as you see a lower build in inventories and receivable. And then the various overhead spend including the portion of that employee cost, our employee adds that impact cost of sales. So those are the three main drivers in the year.
Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays: But at least material costs should be pretty benign at least in the forecast for 2013?
Tony Huegel: It was not significant enough to bear mentioning, so.
Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays: Got you. Okay, Ill get back in queue. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Jamie Cook. And please state your company name.
Andrew Buscaglia  Credit Suisse: Hi. This is actually Andrew Buscaglia on behalf of Jamie Cook. Thanks for taking my question.
Tony Huegel: Good Morning.
Andrew Buscaglia  Credit Suisse: So if you were to add back the $33 million goodwill charge to ag, incrementals still seem a little light at 9% or so. Can you just talk through some of the factors driving incrementals in the quarter and then how they stood relative to your expectations?
Tony Huegel: Sure.
Raj Kalathur: Andrew, now there are two items  this is Raj  there are two items that in particular you need to make note of. One is the goodwill charge, that was about $33 million for water pre-tax and $31 million after-tax, and if you include that plus the effective tax rate increases, it was almost a $70 million impact on net income that was one-time. Okay? So you got to look at both sides. And these two alone, on a one-time basis, impacted the net income by $70 million. So if you add that back to the net income, now it wouldve been higher than the guidance we provided and higher than the First Call consensus estimates.
Tony Huegel: And then if you look at ag specifically, certainly the goodwill charge wouldve impacted those margins but, the press release talked about increased production costs, things like Interim Tier 4 costs, manufacturing overheads as well as some profit shares that hit cost of sales different year-over-year. Interim Tier 4 cost alone in the quarter was about $105 million so a little over $100 million, and then SG&A and R&D both were up pretty considerably in the quarter.
Andrew Buscaglia  Credit Suisse: Okay. And, then on those Interim Tier 4 costs, can you just talk about your expectations on spend for Tier 4 in 2013?
Tony Huegel: Yeah, again, as we talked about before and coming in line really with what our expectations are, certainly not going to see a year-over-year increase like we saw in 2012 but its not an insignificant number. As you look out into 2013, you have products that converted throughout the year. So, you had a partial year of cost increase for 2012 and youll see a full-year increase in 2013. So, they will be up and it is the number one driver of cost increase in our cost of sales. Okay, thank you.
Andrew Buscaglia  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Tony Huegel: Lets go to the next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rob Wertheimer. And, please state your company name.
Rob Wertheimer  Vertical Research: Its Vertical Research. And, good morning, everybody.
Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Rob Wertheimer  Vertical Research: Two quick ones if I can; the early order season looks like its going great. Deere customers seem to have concerns about soil moisture  weather is hard to predict for next year  but where were going into this year or is that a concern thats fading and its just a regular weather uncertainty?
Tony Huegel: Sure.
Marie Ziegler: It is something that Deere is watching in the U.S. certainly, but its way too early to make any predictions at this stage of the game. But, it is something that were watching. Has it affected initial sales? Certainly not from the commentary on the early order programs on  ranging from combines to sprayers and even frankly what youre seeing with the tractor activity.
Rob Wertheimer  Vertical Research: Yes, seems like youre not overly concerned. I dont know if youre willing to answer this one but can you tell us where underlying construction margins, maybe you could do it just for the U.S., or extra growth investments are trending? Obviously, youre investing a lot; youve gained share, I think, in construction. I think the business is doing well but its not showing up the margins and I just dont know how big a drag that is on the growth side.
Marie Ziegler: Im unable to quantify it for you or just maybe unwilling, but suffice it to say that you have seen the construction equipment division performing very well prior certainly to the recession and we have  we are delivering that kind of performance. But, there is no question that we are impacted in this division by pretty  for them, pretty significant investments, not only in growth, in Brazil and were talking about China, but also frankly in some IT4 expenses. Now, I should be starting to say Final Tier 4 expenses. Again, the time  the lag time between the implementation of IT4 and Final Tier 4 is very compressed.
Rob Wertheimer  Vertical Research: Okay, Ill stop. Thank you very much.
Tony Huegel: Thank you.
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: Our next question is from Jerry Revich. And, please state your company name.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Hi. Its Goldman Sachs. Good morning and happy Thanksgiving.
Tony Huegel: Thanks, Jerry. Happy Thanksgiving.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Youve had strong retail sales for tractors in Europe over the past couple of months. Can you talk about if thats driven by your regional mix or new product lineup and whether you expect the tailwinds for Deere versus the industry to continue as you look into the early part of 2013?
Marie Ziegler: There are a number of factors at play in Europe, including the very significant product line expansions that you saw when you were in Lisbon a year and a half ago. Weve also made strides in strengthening our distribution capabilities in the market and we think thats starting to pay some nice dividends.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks. And, just to circle up on the Interim Tier 4 discussion, Tony, whats the magnitude of increase in 2013 versus 2012, if you could quantify that for us? Its nice to hear that the combine production issues have been addressed, but certainly your guidance is looking for 4% net income growth on 5% sales growth, and Im just wondering if you could just flesh out for us the Interim Tier 4 headwinds and the overhead head count headwinds that Susan alluded to in her remarks.
Marie Ziegler: This is Marie. Ill just say its over $200-million impact on the IT4 for the cost.
Raj Kalathur: I think this is a question thatll come up often so let me address the cost of sales items.
Marie Ziegler: Yes.
Raj Kalathur: So, if you look at the  item-by-item, let me provide some qualitative view for each one of these. Price realization, of course, impacts the cost of sales as a percent of net sales; thats up 3%. Its already set. Volume is going to be up for 2013 about 2 points. Manufacturing inefficiencies in 2012 that we had, you should not see in 2013. Now, material we said is not significant either way. In terms of IT4 material, its like Marie just said; its not as high as last year. I would say its about 60% of what we had last year. Depreciation is going to be higher and overhead expenses, as you can imagine, the 5,000 additional people and thats going to impact cost of sales, SG&A, and also R&D. So, to that extent thats going to be higher as well.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much.
Tony Huegel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ann Duignan. Please state your company name.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Hi. Good morning, guys. JP Morgan.
Marie Ziegler: Good morning.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Hi. Can you talk a little bit about  what Im worrying about here is price increases of 3%, is that enough to more than offset the higher cost of Tier 4? Or, are we looking at structurally lower margins going forward? The margin this quarter in ag and turf should have been higher in our view given the number of combines you were intending to ship out. So, Im just trying to get a sense of whats cyclical and if theres anything secular.
Tony Huegel: Sure. If you look at where we ended the year, pretty much in line with what we were saying from a price perspective. For the ag and turf division, we had  we were about 90% of the Interim Tier 4 costs were covered  or recovered through 2012. C&F, as expected again, a little lower than that, about 75%. So, certainly with the price realization, were looking at next year would expect to get much further along the line on that.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: What does that mean, Tony, much further...?
Tony Huegel: Well, if you look....
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: It doesnt sound like youre going to get to 100%.
Tony Huegel: If you look at the 3%  I dont know exactly at 100%. Certainly, ag and turf is already at 90%. So, I think its fair to assume youre going to get to the 100% there. And, were looking at these on a product-by-product basis. So, as weve talked about with the smaller ag equipment, its harder to recover that cost; its a higher percent of the cost of the equipment on a product that is more price sensitive. So  versus large Ag which is where construction has similar challenges as well. So, certainly, if you look at the 3% price realization versus the cost increase in just the year, it more than covered.
Raj Kalathur: Hey, Ann, this is Raj. Now, you do  you did, Im assuming, notice that the operating margins go up in 2013 compared to 2012. Now, the other thing, if you look at the incremental margins, of course they are better in 2013 compared to 2012; its improving. And, if you were to calculate the net income incrementals that would be about 6.6% for 2012, goes up about 2 points  roughly 2 points for 2013. So, the margins are actually getting better from 2012 to 2013.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Okay. Thats helpful color. And, then just circling back, if we look at SG&A up 7% this year, up another 7% next year thats, what, three times the rate of inflation. Are you using any kind of marketing or financing programs out there to support sales?
Marie Ziegler: So, Ann, let me just maybe set the table here and go back to net sales as a  and the change in net sales versus the change in our SG&A because I think that might help calibrate things. In 2010  Im going to go back three years  our net sales were up 14%, SG&A was up 10%. In 2011, we were up 25% for net sales, SG&A only up 12%. Net sales in 2012, as you know we just reported, up 14%, SG&A up 7%. So, there is a little bit of catch-up, if you will, from some spend required to support the infrastructure, if you will, of these higher sales in the form primarily of people. So, we think that while we are very mindful of our expenses, and I can assure you as a member of the CFO staff were very mindful of our expenses, we are actually exhibiting good control relative to the types of growth that we have not only delivered, but what we have envisioned for the future.
Raj Kalathur: And, if I can add to what Marie said, Ann; now the 2012 versus 2011, 14% to 7% that Marie mentioned, if you look at the quarter four, okay, quarter four of 2011 our SG&A was about $769 million, okay? Thats a 9.5% increase above the quarter four 2012 so thats fine. Now, if you look at the guidance we had going into July  August guidance going into the fourth quarter, we actually did better than the guidance we provided to you at that point. So, I think the guidance we provided was about $880 million, and our quarter four actual SG&A was $842 million.
Tony Huegel: And, Ann, this is Tony. The other thing I would add there is I think your question focused in on potential incentive programs in the market. And, if you look at our price realization both in 2012 and again in 2013 with 4 points and then another 3 points that would be pretty hard to do with incentive programs in the market.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: So, your incentive programs, if they were financing, would show up in pricing or would they show up in SG&A?
Tony Huegel: They would show up in the pricing, yes, so  okay? Thank you.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is from Ashish Gupta. And, please state your company name.
Ashish Gupta  CLSA: Hi. Good morning. CLSA.
Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Marie Ziegler: Good morning.
Ashish Gupta  CLSA: Good morning. Can you quantify the impact on operating profit from the combine issues? And, I think you had had an issue in the first quarter, third quarter, and then fourth quarter as well.
Tony Huegel: We talked about in the third quarter some costs from the execution issues and that was part of the spend increase that we spoke to last quarter but I think maybe what youre getting at is, certainly from a shipping pattern perspective, we had some impact from the combines, much lower shipments than normal in the first part of the year, especially in the first quarter, and then picking up in the back half of the year. And, again, of course thats impacted because of the IT4 transition.
Marie Ziegler: That was on plan. It was the third quarter that wasnt.
Ashish Gupta  CLSA: Okay.
Raj Kalathur: And, there was really no impact from any manufacturing inefficiency issues for combines in Q4, okay?
Ashish Gupta  CLSA: Okay.
Raj Kalathur: So, all of that was in Q3 and we said that will be behind us and it is behind us.
Ashish Gupta  CLSA: Great. And, then I know you mentioned that your lead times for tractors are looking similar to last year but with the added capacity. I was just wondering could you remind us the year-over-year increases in capacity for the products like sprayers and tractors where youve added on.
Tony Huegel: Well, keep in mind, its hard to  we certainly have talked about within Waterloo the expand of capacity but as you know thats a facility thats really for global production on the 7000, 8000, and 9000 series tractors. So, its hard to distinguish how much of that capacity is specifically related to the U.S. and Canada production. So  we talked about in the past for Waterloo specifically, by the end of 2012, we would add 15% capacity there. And, then again we made another announcement in March of last year for an additional 10% capacity that is coming here  coming through 2013 so  or will be in place in  I think mid-2013 is what we had indicated that capacity would be in place. So, again, I wouldnt take that to mean that youve got a full 10% capacity increase in Waterloo tractors for the U.S. and Canada market but we do, in fact, in 2012 have higher capacity for that market. Okay?
Ashish Gupta  CLSA: Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Tony Huegel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Steve Volkmann. Your line is open. And, please state your company name.
Steve Volkmann  Jefferies: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Its Jefferies.
Marie Ziegler: Good morning.
Raj Kalathur: Good morning.
Steve Volkmann  Jefferies: My question is about the comment that Susan made on wanting to pre-fund the first quarter and having extra cash on the balance sheet and maybe not needing to do that going forward. So, Im trying to figure out what would be a more normal level of cash. And, Ill ask my related follow-up which is, have you changed your view of what dividends should be given potential changes in taxation? And, also you talk about mid-cycle earnings which raises the question  I think in the past youve said things about where you think we are versus mid-cycle in your various businesses. So, maybe you can help us with that too.
Marie Ziegler: Wow! Okay, first of all, we would view with our global growth the operating cash requirements that you would see at  typically at a yearend would be somewhere in the $4 billion to $5 billion range and that really reflects the changing nature of the business and thats basically where we are today. So, weve got about $1 billion to $1.5 billion extra in pre-funding. Depending on how market conditions play out, as we move through the end of the year and we see hopefully a very successful resolution to this fiscal cliff, we wont feel it necessary to have that level of pre-funding. So that, I think, takes care of your first question.
Steve Volkmann  Jefferies: Thank you.
Marie Ziegler: Regarding the dividend, the dividend really is the purview of the Board, and so I will not be able to make a comment on the dividend. And, your third question would  we are not providing a prescriptive or point-blank number on where we are. Its fair to say that the ag markets in the U.S. are very strong, not as strong in markets outside, and construction is still in, Ill say, a recovery mode, although theyre getting closer to a more typical cycle. So, three questions for you, Steve.
Steve Volkmann  Jefferies: But, I asked them quickly. Thank you very much.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Raso. And, please state your company name.
David Raso  ISI: ISI. Im just making sure I understand the moving parts on the margin guidance for next year. Can you clarify the IT4 cost? Somebody mentioned up $200 million, then another mention was but thats only 60% of the cost we had in 2012. Is that the right way to look at it? Its basically the rough numbers would be it was $300 million or so in 2012 but its only $200 million in 2013 so its a $100-million benefit year-over-year?
Tony Huegel: No. Keep in mind, when we talk about incremental cost, in 2012 the total costs were about $485 million higher year-over-year, okay? When we talk about the impact on cost of sales being up again in 2014 thats in addition to the $485 million so its additive. So if you look back further, 2011 was $155 million, we had another $485 million last year, and then were adding on top of that yet again this year.
David Raso  ISI: Okay. So, to frame the positives and negatives for year-over-year margin in ag, this will be the question, right? The idea is youre implying incremental margins next year of 28% for ag and turf. And, if you adjust for some of the goodwill in this quarter, call it 25%, 26%, so its still a pretty healthy number. But, your costs are up for Interim Tier 4, but the price for ag alone, you said 3% for the whole company. Is ag and turf a little bit beyond that? Youre saying its a little higher, 3.5%....
Tony Huegel: We dont guide on specific divisions. Certainly, both divisions are contributing.
David Raso  ISI: Okay. So, if we just put the positives and negatives, right, the negatives are higher costs, the positive is you get more price. The overhead absorption, receivables and inventories went up over $1 billion for ag and turf in 2012. This next year, its obviously a lot more modest, barely up at all. So, a negative would be the overhead absorption?
Tony Huegel: Correct.
David Raso  ISI: You have some costs as well with the employees. But, for the mix  and we can debate if the sales guidance is conservative now off the order book, but Im just trying to take it at face value. The mix, the U.S. comments have been relatively positive. South America, I would argue, is a decent margin geography for you in ag when it comes to margins. Would you describe the mix from the order book, the geography, however you want to look at it, is the mix going into 2013 for ag and turf, would you view that as positive for margins?
Marie Ziegler: When we talk  when we think about that ourselves, we tend to look at products not geographies, and you have products in some geographies that have very attractive yields and some that dont. And so, its really more product centric. With that, Tony didnt mention it as one of the driving factors so, David, we dont have a comment on that.
David Raso  ISI: Okay. All right, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber. And, please state your company name.
Adam Nielsen  RBC Capital: Hi. Its Adam Nielsen, on for Seth. How are you? Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Good. How are you?
Adam Nielsen  RBC Capital: Good, thanks. Im just wondering if you could speak a bit about the competitive environment in Brazil. It looks like you pick up some share in tractors since  into the fall. So, are you able to hold pricing pretty stable there in defense of margins? Or, is it getting a little more competitive?
Tony Huegel: Yeah. Certainly, again as you look at our price realization for the year, I think thats indicative of our ability to hold that price so.
Adam Nielsen  RBC Capital: Okay. And, then on the  along similar lines....
Tony Huegel: Keep in mind on those tractors  on large tractors, most of those  those are ordered well in advance of when were actually shipping and retailing those. So thats also impacting it.
Marie Ziegler: And for the sake of those who may not be as familiar with our Brazilian operations, we have made significant investments down there in factory, capacity. We have had a very significant broadening of our tractor line but frankly of many product lines. Two years ago, approximately we launched 50 new products, many of which were in categories that we were not yet competing. We also have a very good dealer organization. Weve been growing their presence and their footprint in Brazil as well and were benefiting from that.
Raj Kalathur: This is Raj. So, overall, our tractor portfolio in Brazil has been strengthening, our dealer channel has been strengthening, and our price realization has been good, okay? So, its a positive story for us so far, okay?
Adam Nielsen  RBC Capital: Great. And, along those same lines, the cost drag next year  in 2013 relative to this year, can you frame that for us? I know China will be a little later but can you frame those for the new capacity adds?
Marie Ziegler: In terms of  no. Actually, the  it would be implied or included in the kinds of guidance that weve already provided. But, were not going to be able to comment specifically on the factory. Thank you.
Adam Nielsen  RBC Capital: Okay. Thanks.
Tony Huegel: Next caller.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Robert McCarthy. And, please state your company name.
Rob McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: Its Robert W. Baird. Good morning, everybody.
Marie Ziegler: Good morning.
Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Raj Kalathur: Good morning.
Rob McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: Can I first just get a definitional clarification? Youre talking about fiscal 2013 COGS being 74% of what exactly? Is it net sales for the equipment operations or net sales and revenue for the equipment operations?
Tony Huegel: Net sales of the equipment operations.
Rob McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: Net sales of the equipment operations, okay.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, so.
Rob McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: So, excluding finance and interest income and other income that are reported....
Tony Huegel: Right. Yeah, as typical when we are providing our guidance, it would be on the equipment operations with financial services on the equity basis.
Rob McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: I just wanted to make absolutely sure.
Tony Huegel: Absolutely.
Rob McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: And, in the release of course there are comments about strength in  or expected continued strength in large equipment in the U.S. and Canadian market offsetting pressure on U.S. and livestock and dairy sectors. That does imply improved mix in the U.S. and Canada, doesnt it?
Marie Ziegler: Again, I think weve got a number of factors at play. If mix was a significant factor up or down, we would have cited it when we were going through the factors to think about for next year.
Rob McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: Okay. So, its an immaterial consideration, okay. So, the other question I had was Mr. Allen was on television a couple of days ago, talking about the uncertain current macro environment and made comments about Deere having specifically slowed or deferred certain investments. How do I think about your  the guidance that youre issuing today for expense levels and CapEx, unchanged full-year CapEx, in light of those comments? Does it suggest that the CapEx budget has some upside if we see a quick resolution to fiscal cliff issues, for example? Can you help us here?
Raj Kalathur: Yeah. Robert, this is Raj.
Rob McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: Hi.
Raj Kalathur: Now, our forecast essentially for CapEx and other expenses indicate caution based on the economic uncertainties, okay? Now, we have asked the divisions  we have approved the capital expenditures and expenses but asked our units to delay as much of it as practical into January, okay? Now, the current plans of course reflect our assessment of the probabilities of different economic outcome. And, as the economic scenarios become clearer, we may modify our plans, right? So, we will pull levers and cut down in investments if the scenario worsens, and we may accelerate our plans as prudent if the economic scenario turns positive. So, you should see that as just a pragmatic, sensible approach to both CapEx and expenses.
Rob McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: Yeah, I got it. Okay, thank you very much.
Tony Huegel: Thanks, Rob. Okay, next caller.
Operator: And, are you ready for the next question?
Tony Huegel: Yes, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vance Edelson. And, please state your company name.
Vance Edelson  Morgan Stanley: Good morning. Its Morgan Stanley. You mentioned a few months ago that you might need to extend the balance sheet a bit in Europe to facilitate sales given the credit conditions. Any update on that? Would you say thats an upward or downward trend at this point?
Marie Ziegler: I think what we were referring to there is that were actually looking at some partnerships with some banks to help us facilitate financing in various markets, and we have or are close to having in some markets some new agreements thatll help us in countries in Europe and in the former Soviet Union where we  or the East Bloc would be better to say where we havent had a presence. But, I dont have anything to publicly announce on this call.
Vance Edelson  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thats helpful. And, just a quick follow-up on something you recently mentioned. I think you said youre getting closer to recovery mode on the construction side, and overall, youre calling for modest improvement in the U.S. Is that a bit conservative even with the sluggish economic growth that you cite, just given the possibility of bouncing off the bottom now that there actually are some green shoots? Could you elaborate a little on what leads to the forecast for modest improvement?
Tony Huegel: On construction and forestry? Again, were really  its a similar story to what we saw last year. Were continuing to see strength in the rental channel, energy related, those sorts of things is whats drive  continuing to drive that modest improvement for that particular division.
Vance Edelson  Morgan Stanley: Yeah, okay. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: All right? Okay, thank you. Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten. And, please state your company name.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Longbow Securities. Good morning, everyone.
Tony Huegel: Good morning.
Marie Ziegler: Good morning.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Okay. Can I get one clarification? In the back of your release, you have pension and OPEB expenses going up $70 million. You didnt cite it as an expense as it is done. Is that correct? Is it about a $0.02 impact for the higher pension expenses because you didnt get as much in 2012?
Marie Ziegler: Well thats funding.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: No, it says expense.
Marie Ziegler: No, it is expense; sorry.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, it is up  it will be up about $70 million; thats on an enterprise basis. Of course, most of that is equipment operations.
Marie Ziegler: Right.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: And so, there is an impact that should have been  that we would notice in the numbers? Can we...?
Marie Ziegler: Thats correct.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: And....
Tony Huegel: And that would be  Eli, thats about two  roughly, its about two-thirds cost of sales and the rest SA&G.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: And, youve showed there  that as a cost. You gave us also the first quarter is going to be up 10%. Can you give us  and the rest of the year very modest based on your forecast. Can you (inaudible)  that 10% gain, is that just normal seasonality, an easy comparison in combines because there is some questions about the depreciation expense benefit expiring at the end of the year? So, whether or not people are trying to actually to get equipment, are you seeing any of that? Alternatively, the insurance checks seem to be coming later and probably not until January and February. So, do you have any of that factored in? Give us some help on how the insurance checks are playing out and the depreciating expense and how it affects the first quarter and the later quarters?
Tony Huegel: Yeah. Certainly, I think  as you said in part of that, I think its more of a reflection of last year and the lower sales of combines. Keep in mind, in terms of the....
Marie Ziegler: Production.
Tony Huegel: The production, right, of combines. But, last year  or in terms of the tax incentive, keep in mind, they have to take possession by that  by the end of the year and with the order books in the position that we have them in, they would have needed to have those ordered well in advance in order to take advantage of any of that tax incentive. The other thing to keep in mind, its 50% this year; in 2011, it was 100%. So, it would really go down to the more traditional. As you look out into 2013, it goes down to the five-year depreciation so 20%. So, its not as large of a step function from 2012 to 2013 as it was from 2011 to 2012.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: And, the insurance check impact? Thats probably the most significant one that people worry about because theyre not going to get the checks until January and February, at least according to most....
Tony Huegel: Yeah, I think our expectation for credit would be that by the end of the year about 70% of our expected claims will be paid by then.
Raj Kalathur: By the end of calendar year.
Tony Huegel: By the end of calendar year, yeah; sorry.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Yeah, I was more  not so much worried about claims on you, but I was worried  I was asking more on the impact of farmer purchases and timing of it and whether that....
Tony Huegel: Well thats  but thats our  checks from our John Deere insurance. Its hard to know what other insurance companies are doing, but if you look at just our business, for our customers 70% of the expected payments will be made by the end of the calendar year.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: And, is there  is there any place that you have excess inventory or issues? Particularly in construction equipment, we now see a big widespread inventory liquidation going on because a lot of rental channels are filled (inaudible). Are we seeing any shutdowns or any place where inventories are out of whack in any part of the product line?
Tony Huegel: Out in the field inventory, no.
Marie Ziegler: For construction, heck, by virtue of the fact that were actually projecting inventories will end next year up a bit, were in very good shape. And, again on our  on the ag side, while theres always little pockets here and there, its pretty de minimis relative to the size of the business.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: And, no excess combine used inventories or any issues?
Marie Ziegler: Were very comfortable with levels across the board.
Raj Kalathur: Thanks, Eli.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thanks, Eli. And, with that, we thank you for your participation in the call. As always, well be available the rest of the day to answer any additional questions you may have. Operator?
Operator: That concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-08-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel - Director, IR Jim Field - SVP & CFO Marie Ziegler - VP & Treasurer Susan Karlix - Manager, Investor Communications J.B. Penn - Chief Economist
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Ashish Gupta - CLSA  Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies David Raso - ISI Group Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Henry Kirn - UBS 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deeres Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Hello, also on the call today are Jim Field, Raj Kalathur, Marie Ziegler, Susan Karlix and J.B. Penn, our Chief Economist. Today, well take a closer look at Deeres third quarter earnings. Then spend some time talking about our markets, the outlook for the fourth quarter and the current drought conditions. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Now, please turn to slide three and Ill turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jim Field. 
Jim Field: Good morning. Thank you for joining us as we discuss what was a great quarter on most fronts. John Deere reported record sales and profits in the quarter, operating margins in the Ag & Turf division were approximately 14%. We successfully launched new products while continuing the build-out of our global footprint, but our sales increased 16%, was short of our guidance by nine percentage points or about $700 million. This had a corresponding negative impact on the bottomline and it was lower than First Call estimates. The miss was in Ag & Turf; half of the shortfall is due to softening market conditions outside the US; of note, China, India and the EU-27. Additionally, sales were negatively impacted as the granting of import licenses in Argentina continues at a slow pace; timing of and changes to finance programs as well as the weaker Reais affected sales in Brazil and Turf equipment sales in the US were hurt by weather conditions. The other half of the shortfall is manufacturing execution. The good news is, we expect to make-up the bulk of the sales miss related to execution during the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, we had very aggressive production levels as we continue to ramp up our schedules and we experienced some hiccups. The all new North American Combine line with significant product innovations and IT-4 compliant engines was most challenged and accounts for the bulk of the shortfall. The issue is not quality; in fact we are receiving positive customer views on the machines already in the field. We just had trouble ramping up production to meet the aggressive build schedules in the quarter. As a result, we experienced production delays of up to 14 calendar days. In addition, we are seeing an unprecedented early harvest of up to four to five weeks in some areas. Consequently, some machines will be shipped too late for harvest and we have allowed dealers to cancel orders. This affects only about 3% of harvesters 2012 production and as reflected in our updated guidance. We know, we know less than stellar execution is not what you expect from John Deere. So what happened? There are 40% more unique part numbers in the new Combines than previous models; new parts, required new suppliers and new challenges for existing suppliers. We also had a significant number of new employees requiring extensive training, many of whom were hired as production schedules were sharply ramping up. To catch things off, we are running the factory at full speed so there was no downtime to get caught up once we felt behind. These issues have been addressed. The key is that these are not are quality or customer satisfaction issues. They are execution issues; problems we at John Deere know how to fix. Of course, the sales shortfall is reflected in higher inventories in the third quarter and at year-end; actions have been taken to manage the inventories, but it will take longer than the end of the year to work them off. However, in summary our quarter was historic, but it could have been better. We did not execute to the usual John Deere standard. Mitigation and corrective actions have been implemented. And now I'll hand it over to Susan.
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Jim. Before getting to the numbers, the drought and its potential impact on some of our farm and livestock customers is on everyones mind and has received a lot of contemporary press coverage. The drought had minimal impact on our third quarter results and the same holds true for our fourth year forecast.
 : Back to slide three, lets take a look at the third quarter in detail. Net sales and revenues were up 15%, $9.6 billion in the quarter. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $788 million. On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were $8.9 billion, up 16% quarter-over-quarter. At constant exchange, sales were up 21%. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 5 points. Turning to a review of our individual businesses lets start with Agriculture and Turf on slide five. Sales were up 14% in the quarter. Operating profit was $1 billion. Margins improved to 14% from 13% a year ago. And of note, used Combine levels at the end of July were well below year ago levels. Our 2012 Ag and Turf industry outlook are summarized on slide six. The outlook for industry sales in the US and Canada remains at up more than 10%. Demand continues to be strong especially for high horsepower equipment, a reflection of continued strong commodity prices in the global farm economy, forecasted record cash receipts in the United States and minimal impact expected from the current drought conditions. We have revised the EU-27 industry outlook to flat with the attractive levels of 2011. Farmer sentiment remains generally positive due to attractive grain, seeds and [port] prices. Differences in the countries of northern and southern Europe continue. In the north, production levels are expected to increase while the South is hampered by droughts. Financing continues more readily available in the north and the overall macro economic factors are having a greater impact in Southern Europe. Our 2012 industry outlook in the CIS countries is up strongly, the tweak from our outlook a quarter ago. While the farm sector remains strong, above normal temperatures have lowered the yield projections in the CIS by about 20%. In some CIS countries, notably Ukraine are facing financing constraints. In Asia, we now expect sales to be down moderately. In India, after several years of strong growth, the attractive market is forecast to be down slightly. And the monsoon deficit is expected to lower grain output. The industry outlook for China has softened as government subsidies have been delayed in reaching farmer customers.  Industry sales of tractors and combines in South America are expected to be down 5% to 10% in relation to the strong levels of 2011, due to the import licensing process in Argentina and drought earlier in the year in parts of the region. It is important to note that the second season of corn production surpass the summer season, planted acres and yield increases combined with record commodity prices bode well for strong crop activity in the region this planting season. Turning to another product category, we now expect industry retail sales of Turf and utility equipment in the US and Canada to be flat to up about 5% in 2012, impacted by weather conditions in the United States.  Putting this all together on slide seven, fiscal year 2012 Deere sales of worldwide Ag & Turf equipment are now forecast to be up about 13%. This includes the negative currency translation of about four points. At constant currency rates, net sales are expected to be up about 17% compared to 2011. Full year operating margin for the division is forecast at about 15%.  Before moving to CNS, lets touch on our early order program. The combine early order program began 1 August while early orders are running ahead of last year. The other seasonal programs for planters, sprayers, drills, air seeding and tillage are running more than 15% higher than last year.  Lets focus now on construction and forestry on slide eight. Net sales were up 23% in the quarter, operating profit was a $113 million, for the quarter CNS had a 7% operating margin, the largest sector underlying CNS margins is investments and growth.  As you know, the division has two new factories growing up in Brazil and one in China adding additional research and development cost and selling and administrative and general expense. In China, sales are not anticipated in the market until late 2013 and the production ramp up will be at a measured pace to insure we deliver the highest quality products to the market.  Production and shipments in Brazil are not expected to begin until calendar year 2014, while we are currently importing goods into the country to support the development of our dealers group prior to the factories coming online, margins are challenged due to the cost of import and the eligibility for tsunami financing of the imported goods.  Consequently, we expect growth expenses and cost with little to no revenues from the new factories to run through 2013 and well into 2014. Despite recent market weakness, China holds long-term potential for the construction industry and Brazil is one the worlds fastest growing markets for construction equipment.  On slide nine, lets look at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide. Although there are some promising signs that things are picking up overall economic growth continues at a slow pace. CNS continues to benefit from improved sales independent rail companies as they record higher yield utilization levels and rental rates.  We also see strength in the energy and material handling sectors. Also encouraging, Deere dealers continue to see an improvement in their rental and used equipment markets. Net sales in construction and forestry are now forecast to be up about 17% in fiscal 2012 with negative currency translations up about one point.  The three point change in our outlook reflects the timing of some shipments to Canada causing sales to be pushed into 2013, a slower start to dealer sales in Brazil and market softening in Russia. Global forestry markets are expected to be flat in 2012 from the strong levels of a year ago. Weakness in Europe is being offset by improvement in other international market. CNS full year operating margin is projected to be about 7%. Lets move now to our financial services operation. Slide 10 shows the financial services provision for credit losses as a percent of the total average owned portfolio. Year-to-date on an annualized basis the provision is essentially zero reflecting excellent quality of our portfolios as well as some allowance reductions in construction and forestry. Our 2012 financial forecasts contemplates a loss provision of about four basis points as a percent of the average own portfolio down from about 23 basis points last quarter. Moving to slide 11, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was a $110 million in the quarter versus $126 million in 2011. Net income was impacted by increased selling administrative and general expenses, narrower financing spreads and higher reserves for crop insurance claims partially offset by growth in the portfolio and a lower provision for credit losses.  Looking ahead, we are now projecting worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company of about $450 million in 2012. The decrease in income from last year is attributable to increased selling administrative and general expenses in support of the equipment operations global growth and narrower financing spreads. Also included is in after tax provision of about $25 million for higher reserves for crop insurance claims, based on the current conditions of the US drought event. Slide 12 outlines the receivable and inventory numbers that Jim discussed earlier. Now, let's turn to raw material and logistics on slide 13. Third quarter material costs were up about $70 million over last year. Virtually all of the $400 million increase forecast for the year has been incurred year-to-date. As we have shared in the past, changes in Deere's raw material costs tend to lag the market by three to six months, depending on the type of commodity or contract. About 80% of the increase is for Ag & Turf and about 20% for C&F. Finally, as we introduce new products and features to our growing customer base, the product cost of compliance with engine emission regulations in North America and Europe will be roughly $475 million higher than 2011. This is a $25 million reduction from the forecast provided in May. Note however that the combined increase in material and interim tier 4 product costs will be more than offset by what we are forecasting to be, about four points of price realization. Looking at R&D expense on slide 14. R&D was up 18% in the third quarter compared to the same period last year. Spending was up about 21% offset by about three points of currency translation impact. Our 2012 forecast calls for R&D expense to be up about 15%. Spending is projected to be about 17%, offset by about two points of currency translation impact. Moving now to slide 15, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 8% in the third quarter. Expense was up about 12% offset by about four points of currency translations impact. Our fiscal year 2012 forecast calls for SA&G expense to be up about 9% with growth accounting for about four points. Expense is forecast to be up about 12% offset by about three points of currency translation impact. If you want to point out currency movements, both translation and transaction or trade float reduced operating profit excluding R&D and SA&G by about $150 million in the quarter. Over the course of the year, our trade flows are relatively well balanced but that may or may not be the case in any reporting period. Where there tend to be an annual imbalance we may hedge our exposure using currency forward contracts or currency risk sharing agreements. On slide 16, pension and OPEB expense was down about $20 million in the third quarter. Our fiscal year 2012 forecast calls for pension and OPEB expense to be down about $110 million, about $85 million of the decrease has occurred year-to-date. On slide 17, you see our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. We are forecasting cash flow from equipment operations to be about $2.9 billion in 2012, about flat with 2011 record amount. A reduction from our prior year guidance is mainly due to the increase in the inventories forecast for the year. On slide 18, we outline our 2012 outlook for the fourth quarter and the full year. The fourth quarter forecast calls for net sales to be up about 13% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Price realization is expected to be positive by about 3 points with currency translations being approximately negative 4 points. The net sales forecast for the full year is up about 13% compared to 2011 translated at constant exchange, up about 16%. Price realization of about 4 points will contribute to results. Our full-year 2012 net income forecast is now about $3.1 billion, a company record. And now to discuss this year's record drought. I will turn the call over to Dr. J.B. Penn Former USDA Under Secretary of Agriculture and John Deere's Chief Economist. JB 
J.B. Penn: Good morning. Please turn to slide 19. Just a couple of months ago we had a much different business outlook than we have today. At that time we were looking for some softening of food demand against expected large harvest resulting in increasing stocks and softer commodity prices. In fact there was much media discussion about the end of the cycle for agriculture. Today the business outlook is vastly different as severe disruption in annual production is occurring owing to the most severe drought and at least half a century in the US drought in the Black Sea region and a diminished monsoon in India along with newly emerging concerns about crop conditions elsewhere. In the foreseeable future the global agriculture plant will be hard pressed to keep pace with demand and replenish stocks to more comfortable level. Crop analysts are still grappling with full extent of the shortfall and the implications for 2012, 2013, and beyond. However early assessments point to a continued solid Ag sector performance for 2012 and very bright prospects worldwide for 2013. Turning to slide 20. We are fortunate to have fresh information from last Friday's USDA Crop Report to inform our review. USDA reported revised estimates for acres expected to be harvested this year for acre yields and total output and forecasted season average price for the crops. For corn, the report showed reduction in harvested acres to 87.4 million, another reduction in yield to 123.4 bushels, 10.8 billion bushels production and the midpoint of the forecast season average price was $8.20. Although this was the largest crop planted since 1973. Production is now forecast to be 13% below last year and the yield of 123.4 bushels per acre is down almost 24 bushels per acre from last year. For Soybeans, the situation was not as severe, but it was down as well. Harvested acres at 74.6, the yield was reduced to 36.1 bushels per acre, production 2.7 billion bushels and the midpoint of the season average price was forecasted at $16. So for soybeans production is forecast down 12% from last year. For wheat, the situation is much different. The situation was improved especially the price outlook USDA shows now a harvested area of 48.4 million acres, 46.5 bushel per acre yield, 2.3 billion bushels production and the midpoint of the price forecast is $8.30. So at this point clearly we have more rationing of the old crop corn and soy supplies among competing uses yet to be done and we will have substantial adjustments in the utilizations of new crop supply. Thus grain and oilseed prices are expected to remain strong for the remainder of this year and well into 2013. Moving now to slide 21, we should note that the crop season still is far from over, and more USDA assessments are yet to be issued and our crop reports of import since September, October and November. Its very difficult to estimate the affect of the U.S. drought on the corn and soybean yields. The crop was planted much earlier than usual; conditions vary widely across the country and even in individual fields and genetics today are far superior to those of previous drought. There are no good analog years, thus it will be sometime before final crop size and the full implications become known, but the USDA report provides enough solid information to enable developing the broad outlines of the likely performance of the agricultural economy this year and next. On slide 22, while the 2012 drought situation is unusual in many respects, a key one is that farmers entered the year in perhaps the strongest financial condition ever. This owes to the several consecutive years of strong farm income and a continually strengthening balance sheet, so the financial health of the farm sector is as strong is it has been in modern times. Another aspect this year is that crop and revenue insurance opportunities are much improved and coverage is far more widespread than in any previous calamity and while the livestock sector is very severely impacted in parts of the country, the Congress is expected to provide some kind of disaster package to help ameliorate the distress, and farmers now have available much better crop genetics, machinery, technology and management practices than ever before. Turning to slide 23, Futures Market indicate strong prices across 2012 and 2013; higher prices of course will benefit farmers in 2012 who have a crop to sell and much of the crop that will be harvested remains to be sold and insurance will greatly ameliorate the drought losses. This together suggests the growth receipts from crops will be strong for 2012 and the markets are clearly signaling the need for much more output in the coming season in both the Southern and Northern hemispheres. Now moving to slide 24, this chart affirms the impacts of higher prices in offsetting reduced output volumes. Cash receipts last year 2011 were an all time record, despite the reduced output due to drought, receipts are expected to be even larger for 2012. And looking ahead to 2013, strong prices with a normal crop will propel revenues even higher to yet another record and aggregate growth receipts are the best predictors of large agriculture product sales. On slide 25, this chart reaffirms the strong condition of the farm sector going into the drought. Net cash farm income set new records in six of the past 10 years. 2011 was the all-time record high income year and 2012 as now forecast by USDA will be perhaps the second best. We will have a new forecast at the end of the month and the Future spices are signaling that with good crops next year could be just as strong. Now looking at slide 26, it shows that while cash flow to the sector had been strong, the sector balance sheet also has been strengthened appreciably. The financial ratios are strong, farmers have managed debt exceptionally well in recent years while asset values have grown steadily. Overall, looking at both, cash flow and the balance sheet, the farms sector entered the drought this year far stronger than in any previous droughts. Now turning to slide 27, another distinguishing feature of this drought is the widespread use of crop and revenue insurance. Farmers are now able to guarantee revenue as well as yield and coverage is extensive for the major crops in the drought affected areas. We know that about 85% of the corn and soybean acreage was enrolled in an insurance program in 2011 and industry analysts suggests that as much or more is enrolled in 2012. The level of coverage generally is adjusted to reflect current price conditions which at harvest time will reflect the run up in prices of the past few weeks. As a point of reference, insurance indemnities paid in 2011 were about $11 billion and early estimates reported by the University of Illinois and others suggest indemnities could be well above last years amount. Livestock farmers have little access to insurance of course; pastures across wide areas have been very severely damaged and higher feed cost have significantly eroded margins; herds are being reduced in response to pushing prices lower. Congress is expected to provide disaster systems to livestock farmers whose pastures have been severely damaged by drought and who face much higher feed costs. The House of Representatives, before adjourning for the summer recess passed the $383 million Drought Assistance Package. And the Congress is expected to act upon return to enact either standalone drought package or a new farm bill that contains livestock farmer assistance. So both insurance indemnities and disaster systems augment the receipts from strong prices, leading to the strong cash receipts expected and forecasted for this sector. Now to slide 28. There are no good examples of how farmers may react to this years adversities, but a review of history shows that previous large scale adverse weather event years have been followed by strong sales in the following year, as the graph shows. This was the case for the drought of 1988 and the floods experienced in 1993, but its true that the fleet in North America this time is newer than in previous times. But again, gross cash receipts are the strongest predictor of large Ag equipment sales. Moving to slide 29, while the 2012 agricultural economic and equipment sales picture is coming into much clear view, what are the implications for 2013? Clearly, the adverse growing conditions in the US have been combined with those in other parts of the worlds and are serving to push prices worldwide to near record levels. The effect of course will be to encourage expanded agricultural activities worldwide in the coming season. This will be seen most immediately in the Southern Hemisphere crop plantings, especially in Brazil and Argentina where strong prices are expected to boost areas sowned especially for major crops of corn and soybean. And it should be noted that farmer sentiment in that region today at the beginning of the season is very positive. We should also not overlook the fact that the drought has not extended to Canada, which expects a bountiful harvest this fall to be marketed at very strong prices, so Canada too will be very responsive to strong prices in 2013. Turning to slide 30, this slide portraying production and consumption of all range worldwide illustrates the challenge faced by the global agricultural plant in the past dozen years in trying to keep pace with the steadily rising demand. This rising demand reflects the ascendancy of the emerging market and developing market economies. For 2012-13 forecast production again falls a bit short of the consumption requirements, boosting prices and encouraging additional output in the following year. As can be seen on slide 31, the precarious global stocks to use ratios are evident. This is the amount of grain carried over at the end of each year relative to the amount needed for an entire years consumption. Grain stocks are low worldwide and historically low in the US for corn and soybean, thus large harvest will be required for the next couple of seasons to not only meet the consumption requirements but to also rebuild stocks to more comfortable levels. In closing on slide 32, I would just note that the current situation is unprecedented sometime will be required to fully understand all the loan ramifications on the farm sector in the US and on farmers worldwide and to fully appreciate the implications for the farm equipment business.  Early assessments however suggest that the US farm sector is much better prepared to absorb the impact than in previous history and that farmers worldwide are poised to respond to much stronger commodity prices with expanded agricultural activity next year. Thus we continue to see aggregate sector performance for 2012 to be very strong and for that performance to continue across 2013 at least. 
Tony Huegel: Thank you for joining us today J.B. Now we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedures, but as a reminder and consideration of others especially with our more limited Q&A time today. Please limit yourself to one question and one related follow-up. If you have additional questions to be asked, you rejoin the queue. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Jerry Revich and please state your company name. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Can you update us on what was the impact of the transition to interim with your four products and your factory cost this year given the adjustment you made this quarter and please step us through how their interim tier four product transition plan for 2013 compared to the range of products that you transitioned as here? Thank you. 
Marie Ziegler: In terms of 2013 I will go backwards, Jerry. 2013 that will be very modest transitions, I think there is a couple of products throughout the product line now we will again of course in 2014 start complying with final tier four. In terms of the cost may be the best way to characterize the cost what our previous forecast was and total cost which 300, help me Tony do you have that number 320 something or 325? 325 million is the production impacts from all the transition its not listed in the quarter but really the forecast for the full year. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs:  Thanks Marie and then can you talk about how you are thinking about your production schedule over the next three months to nine months you mentioned inventories in some areas are higher than you would have liked. Just wonder if you could step us through how we should be thinking about the schedule from here. You mentioned that early order combine programs up to a good start but I think you had restricted number of swaps you allowed a year ago, can you just step us through the production schedule broadly?
Marie Ziegler: I can comment certainly on the remaining three months in the year. I cant comment on 2013 and Jerry, basically you can see that we not only adjusted because of the third quarter results were a little lighter on sales this quarter but we did make some adjustments for the [fourth] quarter as well and really that is reflected in the (inaudible) of the international markets and the desire to get those inventories back in line. It will take a little bit of time because for some of those products are spring season products and move until into next year. 
Tony Huegel: I was going to add too Jerry. This is Tony. If you look at combine and you mentioned that specifically. This year as you know, our shipping pattern was vastly different than what would be kind of normal average where we had about 75% of the shipments in the behalf of the year and that again was related to the interim tier four transition during 2012 and as a reminder, the weighted average of the three years to four years prior to that would have been 35, 65 and with expect, probably go back to a more normal shipping pattern next year?
Marie Ziegler: And maybe just one final point. In terms of the manufacturing, execution, we expect to make most of that up in the fourth quarter and again thats awfully reflected in the forecast. Thank you Jerry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ashish Gupta and please state your company name.
Ashish Gupta - CLSA : Just kind of wondering if you could give us a little more color on sort of where lead times are right now and where your order book is relative to a year ago?
Marie Ziegler: Well again the early programs ex-combines because combines are its very, very early for that. They are running about 15% above year ago levels and combines are off to a very solid start but its just only a couple of weeks into our program that runs for several months, so its pretty mature to quote statistics. 
Tony Huegel : Yeah on the tractors again this is Tony, again eight hour tractors and the nine hour tractors are running very similar to what we would have a year ago.
Ashish Gupta - CLSA : And then just on the incremental margins I guess your guidance implies that I know the manufacturing issues are being worked through but I guess the guidance for operating margins would imply incremental would be up in the fourth quarter sequentially? 
Marie Ziegler :  I think well what our guidance speaks for itself on that. Thank you Ashish. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan and please state your company name. 
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan:  Nice to hear you J.B. And I guess my questions probably targeted to you also and I appreciate on slide 19 that your port (inaudible) refers to potentially very positive year for agriculture and farmers for 2013, but could you talk about some of the risks also J.B. may be in terms of availability of seed or the extension of the drug into next year and the fleet is newer versus prior cycles, could you just talk about some of the downside risks but could potentially be a headwind type into next year. 
J.B. Penn: Yeah so Ann its good to hear you, I think you mention probably what I would think is the greatest risk and that is continuation of adverse weather in various parts of the world. If we continue to have a prolong drought, then of course that's going to reduce output and keep prices high and effect farmers' bottom lines of course. Beyond that I dont think there are any other big risk lurking like seed shortages or fertilizer shortages or things of that nature. I dont see that. There may be some in various parts of the world, but they are very localized if they exist. So I think weather is probably the biggest risk that in the agriculture business that we can see at this moment. And I should note that South America is gearing up now as you know for the planting season, there is lot of enthusiasm there. They are looking to expand area and of course to take advantage of these very high corn and soy prices now.
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: And my follow up question is on your crop insurance business. Can you give us a little bit more color. We know that you've reinsured that business and you took a $25 million charge. Is that what you anticipated the full-year loss might be and then should we anticipate higher SG&A costs in financial services just on the potential huge volume with claims that given the crop [wave] out there. Can you just talk a little bit more about that business.
Jim Field: Julianne, this is Jim and the provision that we have talked about in the press release is our current best estimate of what we will be dealing with in terms of insurance and as you know there is a significant amount of reinsurance that backs the policies that we write and we are just left with some of the residual risk. But to put in perspective we took kind of the aggregate industry wide losses that we were looking at and we said what happens if that doubles. And even if that doubles, you know, you would be talking about something that would be less than $50 million impact to the financial services operation. So, clearly you know de minimis in the grand scheme of $3.1 billion net income.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Casey. 
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: I guess turning to construction and forestry, could you elaborate on the magnitude and drivers for that Canadian shipment delay you talked about because in that segment, youre looking for your guidance for a pretty sharp moderation in Q4 growth from Q3 on a year-over-year basis. Is that decrease really driven by the Canadian thing or is it equally split between the three different factors that you talked about?
Tony Huegel: Yeah the Canadian piece would certainly a big part of that, a big part of that change and as a reminder in Canada, we do have consigned inventory there and so we dont recognize the sale until the retail sale to the customer. So that part of that shipping delay issue is getting in to the country in time to recognize the retail sale.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities: And just a follow up on that, is this part of the inventory increase the outlook for the year?
Marie Ziegler: It will be a very small part of it. The bigger story quite candidly is Ag, but you can see from the guidance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann. 
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies: A couple of quick questions I think for you. You talk about the farm income or actually I guess the cash receipts forecast on slide 24 here and I guess it seems to me like the big difference this year is going to be a lot more of that is going to be made up of government payments and insurance payments. Do you have just kind of a guesstimate of how thats going to change year-to-year?
J.B. Penn: Its pretty clear that crop insurance indemnity paid to farmers will be larger this year than last year. There are no good estimates yet because the data are still being accumulated, but it will be significantly more than last year, I think everyone expects. Government payments from the commodity programs will probably not be as much this year as last year because prices are higher. And except for the direct payments which are made regardless of prices, those will stay the same. So I think we are mostly looking at gross receipts being made up of sales in the marketplace plus crop insurance, plus the little bit of government payments. So its a little bit mixed from last year, but not terribly different except for crop insurance indemnity.
Marie Ziegler: I am going to just chime in here because I think the relevant question is do they spend these payments from crop insurance or government any differently on the survey data and the past history suggest that that is treated as regular revenue and I think thats a significant fact.
Jim Field: And the other thing I would add is, I mean to put in perspective we are talking about aggregate receipts that are better in the range of 400 billion. On the crop insurance I think we told you about 11 billion last year. So if you assume that goes up by 50% you are talking still you know just over a point of the total amount of the payment stream. So it has got a lot of headline line value, but if you step back and look at it in the aggregate, it's not a very big chunk of the overall total.
Steven Volkmann - Jefferies: You can answer this one real quick. I think the answer is no, but based on all the stuff you have given us here which is fairly bullish I think for 2013, are you willing to say that you think 2013 can be a year of growth for your Ag businesses globally?
Marie Ziegler: I would tell you that. No, of course we are not going to provide you with an outlook for 2013 other than to say certainly we are trying to paint a picture of very strong positive fundamentals and while saying as always there is a little bit of caution. But things look very encouraging for most sectors of agriculture.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Raso.
David Raso - ISI Group: I was just wondering if you can really just help clarify the changes in guidance. If you look the revenue change in the guidance, it's roughly 575 million or 600 million, but the EBIT went down 350 million to 375 million or. So it is a pretty hefty decremental margin there of over 60%. It will be helpful, can you bucket the pieces driving that? For example and people try to think to that combine issue? How much of the 350 million to 375 million EBIT would you allocate to that, you know how much of the Canadian issue with construction, were just trying to get a feel for how much do you feel it was? It was a tough quarter on execution for combine. The couple issues we mentioned to get a feel of how are you looking at the run rate. And so its maybe what's driving that big detrimental margin? Is the revenue really the guidance listed go down that much but your EBIT, your implied EBIT went down pretty healthy amount?
Jim Field: Well, you know, I tried to address some what of this in my comment that when you look at the sales for the quarter, 50% was related to these issues that we were able to caught up on largely in the fourth quarter and 50% was related to weakening markets and the bottom line impact would be relatively similar.
Marie Ziegler: One of the things, David, that you probably wouldnt have had, we certainly wouldnt have had in our forecast is the impact of exchange.
David Raso - ISI Group: Yes, that would be the other big piece of.
Marie Ziegler: And this, cant answer that you know, it is a positive benefit in SG&A and R&D expense, its about $150 million in the quarter and certainly that pre-tax number and that had an impact and for those of you who may not be familiar, we have over the course of the year very well balance trade flows, but they dont perfectly match on any given day. So you get some noise because of that and the other things is that where we [arent] perfectly balanced, we do have hedging programs but as a practical matter, you dont necessarily or unable in some cases to perfectly hedge a 100% of that exposure and you are aware certainly of what's happened with the dollar relative to other currencies.
David Raso - ISI Group: So maybe help me with math. The shortfall this quarter was 725 million of revenues roughly?
Marie Ziegler: David I think in the interest of time if you want to talk more tactically, we will be happy to take that offline. Do you have another?
David Raso - ISI Group: Well then I guess this is the same question about the inventory and receivable increase. How would you bucket that a little more succinctly if you could -- how much was just simply higher inventory receivables than you had planned on versus how much of a purposeful look at confidence in 2013, just trying to understand the moving pieces of that unless (inaudible) if that same is going up 725 million higher than the previous guidance for receivable inventory?
Marie Ziegler: Thanks. I would say basically last time our guidance had been up about 600 for receivables and inventories and that really reflects the underlying market conditions and the balance of the increase really reflects some market slowdown and some timing of production primarily.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Can we just follow up on what Raso was talking about, you have told us that you had a big impact from inefficiencies, can you quantify that. Could you claim you can make that up so we can't 50:50 and make it impact and make it up in the fourth quarter and still be down $350 million, $300 million plus in guidance for EBIT. So can you separate out the impact of the --
Unidentified Company Representative: I think what we said what we are going to catch up on is most of the sales shipments.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Its the sale shipments you are capping on, not the production inefficiencies in the quarter?
Jim Field: Well no obviously we are going to be much more efficient, but to the extent that we generated inefficiencies related to not hitting these those are going to be with us for the balance of the year.
Marie Ziegler: Eli may be just a short look at it, its very difficult to calculate an exact number, but we would tell you that we are in the pretax somewhere in the range of $50 million to $75 million and that will incrementally reflect due at the disruptions if you will.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: That will be made up in the fourth quarter, of that magnitude?
Marie Ziegler: No, that money that is, thats the current cost from some of the transitional activity issues; the production will get made up at some of that operating efficiency (inaudible)
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: And as a follow-up can we talk a little bit about the insurance income that we protected, but there is a real debate as to when it will be paid and it will be reflected, we talked about later than earlier because typically when you have October fiscal year and odd may be recognized, the recognition may not be the fiscal 2013, 2012; does that mean any implications of how you have to run your business in the third quarter, but the first part of next year and can you give us some color on the recognition income could be well may be matched in the following expenditure may be spent early only to resonate earlier?
Marie Ziegler: Well, first of all, farmers come into this very strong balance sheet and then very solid financial position and if they are waiting for some revenue obviously you know some of our products are seasonal products and they are on waivers.
Jim Field: And then second of all you have a component of it, not all the buyers are cash buyers and so you know they have a solid balance sheet and they have a solid looking projection with insurance receipts that they havent recovered but they are going to be there, they also have the ability to finance these machines.
Marie Ziegler: And I should also for our John Deere Crop Insurance customers I will point out that we are very adequately staffed in terms of adjustors. The timing of when they receive the payments depends on the farmer context, context and when the insurance adjustors able to make the assessment and we have adequate staff to cover this event.
Tony Huegel: And Eli, may be to your point in terms of those that have the revenue protection, there is initial payments that are made and then if as the prices come out from RMA later, there maybe an additional payment made at that time.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: So its a dual payment system. Does it come upfront anyway?
Tony Huegel: Correct, yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vance Edelson and please state you company name.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Thanks its Morgan Stanley. So keeping in mind the weather is perhaps the biggest risk on a global basis and just thinking about the future, the US drought impact has been fairly minimal, but Southern Europe has been hampered by drought in South America to some extent as well. Could you provide a little more detail on how the specific dynamics in North America that make it more resilient may simply not exist in other regions. So in terms of insurance coverage ability, the lock-in future prices, farmer balance sheet strength, the technology; is this really all quite unique to North America or to the U.S.?
Marie Ziegler: I think perhaps as you think about Europe, the most important things is to remember the overlay of the economic backdrop there and the situation in Southern Europe, I think is perhaps most relevant with what's happening economically. And I think that in this particular case, the drought is an unfortunate add-in, but really not a major factor driving the results there; J.B. do you have anything else to add?
J.B. Penn: No, I think you mentioned the reasons that North America maybe unique and it should rebound from this drought very quickly again assuming that weather is normal next year.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Okay and as a closely related follow-up within the US could you expand a little on the differences larger farmers versus smaller ones in terms of their ability to deal with the drought, are the smaller farmers becoming more sophisticated year-after-year?
J.B. Penn: Well first of all, I think we should make the delineation between crop farmers and livestock farmers and I do want to point out that livestock farmers in certain parts of the country are very severely affected by this drought, and they dont have interims available to the same extent that they crop farmers do. So they are seeing their pastures completely destroyed their hay crops are non-existent, so they are having a very severe adjustment process. The crop farmers on the other hand varies by region of the country as to how severely they have been affected and of course most have access to crop insurance so thats going to make a big difference.  I think as you suggest the large farmers generally have better risk management programs both for natural disaster and for price and income fluctuation, so I think they are probably better geared to manage this adversity than some of the smaller farmers would be, but by and large, the high affect everybody who has got product to sale and it affects them in a very positive way.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jamie Cook and please state your company name.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning Credit Suisse. Two questions, one of which I dont think you will answer but Ill try. I guess Jim just longer term, I mean you guys have given a picture without giving specific guidance about 2013 but sort of consistent with that you said at the analyst day that you feel okay about demand for farmer equipment for 2013, I guess my question is more on the incremental margin line without giving specific guidance about incremental margins, can you sort of talk about potentially the positives and the negatives that we should be thinking towards we are thinking about incremental margins because you mentioned US should be fine but mentioned some specific issues may be we dont have as much tier four headwind, we have inventory issues that run into 2013, you talked about Brazil and China on the scene, I am just sort of wondering if you could give more color there? And then my second question is if you could just elaborate on some of the suppliers that you mentioned during the earnings call where they are? And how, what your comfort level is at the suppliers switch down continue into 2013? Thanks.
Jim Field: Jamie, this is Jim. Let me talk about the supplier question. I think in that regard, we more or less what we are going to say on that you know, we have isolated issues from time but beyond that we are not going to say much more right now. Also on the 2013, I think on that to get much more color we are going to have to wait until the next call, that we are in the process quite frankly right off pulling together our first cut of the budget for 2013 and I think we would be wise to wait until we have that run through the process before we could start talking about 2013. So thank you very much. 
Tony Huegel: Operator we have time for one more call. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Henry Kirn, and please state your company name.
Henry Kirn - UBS: You mentioned financing challenges in Southern Europe and [CASC]. Can you give some view on how significant the headwinds were to demand and are you wiling to step up in financial services presence to keep credit available in the key markets?
Marie Ziegler: You are correct. We do have credit operations in several of these countries and so the answer is yes, we're able to help out and that had offset. In some markets, there is just not a lot of credit available. You are aware of the banking, some of the banking system issues, and thats also affecting some of the speed with some of these things are processed. So it is a factor quite candidly, certainly not the largest factor, but something that we wanted to put aside, but it's not a huge factor at this moment.
Henry Kirn - UBS: And there is follow up. On the cancelled combine orders, do you expect the customers who are canceling orders to buy from someone else or use their old combines and then come back and buy from you in the future?
Jim Field: Yeah, Henry. I think it's important to note that most of those cancellations were not retail orders. The bulk of those were dealer purchase for stock, but it didnt reflect the reduction in retail.
Marie Ziegler: And you bet we expect that those very few customers who have delayed or not purchased because were not going to get the combine to them on a timely basis, we'll be definitely in the market for the most productive best John Deere harvesting equipment that we ever had available. And with that Tony.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Before we close this call, I just want to circle back on some items that we covered earlier. First of all, this was a great quarter on many fronts. The best ever third quarter for sales and profits. We clearly have work ahead of us though as we resolve the manufacturing issues from the third quarter and focus on managing our inventory levels lower, but we are up to task. 2013 looks to be a very positive year for agriculture and many farmers. There is no question of the urgent need to rebuild global stock with our highly productive equipment, John Deere is well positioned to play a key role. With that we thank you for your participation in the call and as always we will be available for rest of the day to answer any additional questions you have. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude todays conference call. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-05-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James M. Field  Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Marie Ziegler  Vice President & Treasurer Susan Karlix  Manager of Investor Relations Tony Huegel  Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Andrew Obin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays Capital Joel Tiss  Buckingham Research Ashish Gupta  Credit Agricole Securities Analyst for Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse  Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs  David Raso  ISI Group Ann Duignan  JPMorgan Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities Vance Edelson  Morgan Stanley Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets  Henry Kirn  UBS  Rob Wertheimer  Vertical Research Partners Andy Casey  Wells Fargo Securities Lawrence DeMaria  William Blair  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Deeres Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Good morning. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; and Susan Karlix, Manager, Investor Communications. Today well take a closer look at Deeres second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and the outlook for the remainder of 2012. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our Web site at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thompson Reuters.  Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additionally, information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our Web site at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Now, heres Susan.
Susan Karlix:
 : Quarterly net income surpassed $1 billion for the first time. Revenues also broke new ground topping the $10 billion mark. Another category that hit a new quarterly high was Economic Profit, or SBA, which was greater in the second quarter than in all but four full previous years. Ag and Turf led the way, but our other divisions, Construction and Forestry and Financial Services contributed to our performance as well.  As cited in our earnings announcement, John Deere is continuing to benefit from a global farm economy that CEO Sam Allen said is showing impressive strength and endurance. This has led to a big increase in demand for our products and we have raised our full year earnings forecast to about $3.35 billion. It was, in summary, a record-breaking quarter and one that puts Deere squarely on course for another terrific year.  Now lets look at the second quarter in detail starting on Slide 4. Net sales and revenues were up 12% to $10 billion in the quarter. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was about $1.1 billion. On Slide 5, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were $9.4 billion, up 13% quarter over quarter. At comps and exchange, sales were up 15%. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 5 points.  Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with Agriculture and Turf on Slide 6. Sales were up 11% in the quarter. Operating profit was $1.4 billion, resulting in a record-setting 18% operating margin. Results benefitted from higher shipment volumes and price realizations, partially offset by increased production costs related to new products and engine emission requirements, as well as higher raw material costs and research and development expenses.  Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide 7 outlines the US commodity price estimates that underlie our financial forecast. All are within the ranges published by the USDA on May 10th. As you can see, US crop prices are forecast to remain strong through 2012, driven by global demand and tight supply.  Also shown are the current 2012-2013 crop prices. Keep in mind the underlying assumption is for more normal higher yield, however, it is impossible to determine the outcome of the 2012-13 crop year in May, as there are many unknowns. For example, good weather in the Midwest allowed for early planting, but the summer and fall growing conditions will have a much greater impact on ultimate crop yields. Dry weather persists in the south central US and drought conditions are emerging in the southeast.  Slide 8 highlights cash receipts. 2011 US farm cash receipts were at record levels, about 14% higher than the previous record in 2008. The 2012 cash receipts number is now forecast to set another record slightly above last years level. As a reminder, in our modeling, current and prior year cash receipts are the primary driver of equipment purchases in the US market. We do see increased demand as illustrated by our strong outlook.  Our base case on acres planted and yields for the 2012-2013 crop year is shown on Slide 9. Driven by strong global demand and low carryover stocks, our base case calls for an increase in total planted acres this crop year. With global carryover stocks at low levels, corn prices through 2011-12 crop year are forecast to remain at historically high levels. This has prompted a forecast increase of about 4% more corn acres being planted in the 2012-13 crop year. Continued exports to China and the gradual growth in S&L [ph] demand also are factors.  Soybean planted area is expected to be flat in 2012, while exports increase due to strong demands from China and the weather-impacted poor crops in South America. Higher wheat acreage is forecast with domestic usage and exports expected to expand. As a result of poor weather in west Texas and the southeast, we expect cotton acres planted to go down in the 2012-13 crop year. Demand, however, remains strong, particularly from Asia. Keep in mind, forecasts involving acres planted, yield and price are very preliminary at this point and will be determined by many factors, including weather.  Before moving on, we talked about commodity price estimates, cash receipts, planted acres and yield. Its too early in the year to know final outcomes for any of these variables. Cash receipts are a function of price and quantity with projected yields and acres up despite lower corn prices. The projected revenue from corn and beans is virtually identical between last crop year and the coming crop year. With cash receipts at record levels, this bodes well for future farm prospects.  Our economic outlook for the EU 27 is on Slide 10. We see strength in the European Ag sector continuing with 2012 farm income expected to remain at very attractive levels, supported by good commodity prices. Equipment demand continues strong with a favorable outlook in northern Europe where farm sizes are larger, offsetting weakness in the south.  On Slide 11, youll see the economic fundamentals outlined for a few of our other targeted growth markets. Slide 12 illustrates the value of agricultural production in Brazil. This is a good proxy for the health of agribusiness. It encompasses over 20 different crops and has a high correlation to tractor sales over time. As you can see in the graph on the left, the 2012 value of Ag production in Brazil is expected to increase 2.7% over the 2011 levels.  Our 2012 Ag and Turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 13. The outlook for industry sales in the US and Canada is now up more than 10%, which is an increase from our last forecast. Remember, going into the year, we were looking for sales to be up 5% to 10% and were saying up about 10% last quarter. Demand continues to be strong, especially for high horsepower equipment, a reflection of positive conditions in the global farm economy, and used equipment levels are low. In fact, we ended the second quarter with used tractor and combine levels well below a year ago. The EU 27 industry outlook remains flat to up 5% from the attractive levels of 2011. The improvement is due to favorable conditions in the grain, livestock and dairy sectors, which are outweighing general economic concerns. Our 2012 industry outlook in the CIS countries is unchanged from last quarter. It calls for considerably higher growth after last years notable rise.  In Asia, we still expect sales to increase by a moderate amount. After several years of strong growth, the tractor market in India is forecast to be down slightly. We continue to see strength in China. Industry sales of tractors and combines in South America are now expected to be down 5% to 10% in relation to the strong levels of 2011 due to uncertainty in Argentina and drought in parts of the region. Remember, the South American outlook is for tractors and combines only. It excludes cotton, sugarcane harvesting equipment, sprayers and planters, all categories in which Deere has a strong presence.  Turning to another product category, we expect industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the US and Canada to be up about 5% in 2012. This represents a slight improvement from last quarter. Due to the early arrival of spring, sales of riding lawn and commercial mowing equipment have gotten off to a strong start. Were also seeing continued favorable acceptance of our new utility vehicles.  On Slide 14, in March, Deere announced the third capacity expansion in four years at our flagship tractor factory in Waterloo, Iowa. As the global farm economy continues to show impressive strength and endurance, ongoing investments in Waterloo will help Deere meet future demand. As outlined on the slide, Waterloo has a truly global market footprint. Finally, 2013, when the latest expansion is complete, manufacturing capacity for large tractors in Waterloo will have increased by more than 50% since 2008.  Putting this all together on Slide 15, we continue to forecast fiscal year 2012 year sales of worldwide Ag and Turf equipment to be up about 15%. This includes negative currency translations of about 3 points. Full year operating margin for the divisions is forecast at about 15%, a record. This illustrates solid execution on our part in light of widespread product transitions to Interim Tier 4 engines and our global growth initiatives.  Lets focus now on Construction and Forestry on Slide 16. Net sales were up 26% in the quarter. Operating profit was $119 million, helped by price realization and higher shipment volumes, partially offset by higher costs and unfavorable product mix. For the quarter, C&F had a 7% operating margin and a 4% incremental margin.  There are three major factors to consider in analyzing the divisions results. First, there was a negative mix of product this quarter compared to the second quarter of 2011. Wheel loaders and crawlers, two of our higher-margin products, converted to Interim Tier 4 engines this quarter, impacting production levels. With those two lines down for a time, our sales were more heavily influenced by partner products, on which we dont benefit from any manufacturing absorption.  In addition, in May 2011, the SAP software conversion was implemented, essentially shutting down our two largest C&F factories for a time. That meant production was unusually high in last years second quarter as dealers placed orders early to ensure delivery of machines prior to the SAP changeover.  Another factor underlying C&F margins for the quarter has to do with growth. The division has two new factories going up in Brazil and one in China. The facility in India is still in its infancy stage. Theres a lot of money being spent on growth right now with few sales to offset the costs. And third, results were affected by R&D expenses related to new products in support of global growth and Interim Tier 4 transitions. Other costs shown on the slide were also higher in the quarter compared to second quarter 2011. Bottom line, C&F faced some tough comparisons in the quarter due to the factors just noted, but all did correct themselves over the long run. In the quarter, C&F margins include about five negative points from mix, growth and increased R&D, impacting incremental margins by about 22 points.  On Slide 17, lets look at the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide. While stable or improved from last quarter, the underlying fundamentals still dont point to strong recovery. Overall, economic growth continues at a slow pace despite promising signs that things are picking up. C&F continues to benefit from improved sales to independent rental companies as they record higher utilization levels and rental rates.  We also see strength in the Energy, Material Handling, Industrial and International sectors. Also encouraging, Deere dealers continue to see an improvement in their Rental and Used Equipment markets, that sales in Construction and Forestry are now forecast to be up about 20% in fiscal 2012 with negative currency translations of about 1 point.  Global forestry markets are now expected to be flat in 2012 from the strong levels of a year ago. Weakness in Europe is being offset by improvement in other international markets. C&F full year operating margin is projected to be about 8%.  Our Final Tier 4 engine emissions solution, introduced in March, is on Slide 18. We will continue with our systematic building block approach first introduced with cooled EGR to meet Tier 3/Stage IIIa engine emission requirements. For Interim Tier 4/Stage IIIb, we added a smart exhaust filter to our proven cooled EGR solutions, and to meet Final Tier 4/Stage IV compliance, we will add SCR to our cooled EGR and smart exhaust filter.  With the combination of cooled EGR, smart exhaust filter and urea, we expect to deliver the best fluid economy in the industry in many applications, equal to or better than the John Deere Interim Tier 4. Not only is John Deere a leading off-highway engine manufacturer, we also have the best-in-class dealer network standing with us to support this new engine technology.  Lets move now to our Financial Services operations. Slide 19 shows the financial services provision for credit losses as a percent of the total average owned portfolio. Year to date on an annualized basis, the provision is a mere 5 basis points. This reflects lower write off, primarily in the Ag portfolio, as well as recoveries of prior-year write offs and fewer repossessions. Our 2012 financial forecast contemplates a loss provision of about 23 basis points of a percentage of the average owned portfolio. For your reference, the ten year average is about 34 basis points.  Moving to Slide 20, worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $109 million in the quarter versus $105 million in 2011. That income benefitted from growth in the credit portfolio, partially offset by increased selling, administrative, and general expenses.  Looking ahead, we are now projecting worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company of about $465 million in 2012. The slight decrease from fiscal 2011, when income was $471 million, is mainly attributable to two things  increased selling, administrative, and general expenses in support of the equipment operations in global growth, and narrower financing spreads. These items are being largely offset by growth in the portfolio.  Now on Slide 21, lets look at Receivables and Inventory. For the company as a whole, Receivables and Inventory ended the second quarter up about $2.3 billion compared with the second quarter of 2011. Thats equal to 36% of trailing twelve-month sales, which is similar to what we have seen in other recent years of high equipment sales.  To help put this increase into perspective, our implied sales guidance for the second half of the year is up nearly 18%. That means over $2.5 billion in additional shipments. Over 60% of this $2.3 billion year-over-year increase is in inventory, inventory needed to meet shipment schedules in the second half of the year. In addition, remember that shipments and retail activity were much more front end-loaded last year due to Interim Tier 4 transitions, especially on combines, and C&F SAP conversions. In response to continuing strong demand conditions, we now expect to end 2012 with Receivables and Inventories about $600 million higher than 2011.  Lets turn now to Raw Material and Logistics on Slide 22. Second quarter material costs were up about $185 million over last year. A little over three-fourths of the $400 million increase being forecast for the year occurred in the first half. As we have shared in the past, changes in Deeres raw material costs tend to lag the market by three to six months depending on the type of commodity or contract. About 80% of the increase is for Ag and Turf and about 20% for C&F.  Finally, as we introduce new products and features to our growing customer base, the product costs of compliance with engine emission regulations in North America and Europe will be roughly $500 million higher than 2011. Note, however, that the combined increase in material and Interim Tier 4 product costs will be more than offset by what we are forecasting to be 4 points of price realization.  Looking at R&D expense on Slide 23, R&D was up about 18% in the second quarter compared to the same period last year. Our 2012 forecast calls for R&D expense to be up about 13%. As stated in previous quarters, R&D spending is expected to remain at high levels for the next few years as we continue product launches with Interim Tier 4, and soon thereafter, Final Tier 4 engines. Also included is ongoing new product development expense for our growing global customer base.  Moving now to Slide 24, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 5% in the second quarter. Growth accounted for about 3 points of the increase. Our fiscal year 2012 forecast calls for SA&G expense to be up about 11% with growth accounting for about 4 points and currency translation a negative 2 points.  On Slide 25 you see our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. We are forecasting cash flow from equipment operations to reach about $3.4 billion in 2012. Slide 26 illustrates the steady increases we have made in dividends paid to shareholders since 2003. In keeping with our use of cash priorities, we have consistently and moderately raised the dividend. In fact, the dividend has been raised 64% since introducing our revised John Deere strategy in 2010. For those not familiar with the strategy, it is included in the appendix.  On Slide 27, we outline our 2012 outlook for the remainder of the year. The third quarter forecast calls for net sales to be up about 25% compared to the third quarter of 2011. Price realization is expected to be positive by about 4 points with currency translation being a negative 4 points. The net sales forecast for the full year is up about 15% compared to 2011, translated at constant exchange, up about 18 points. Price realization of 4 points will contribute to results.  As stated in the press release, we have increased our full year 2012 net income forecast to about $3.35 billion as promising fundamentals are lending strong support to our plans for increased sales and profitability.  In closing, 2012 is shaping up to be what Sam Allen called a year of outstanding performance. As weve stated in the past, promising fundamentals are lending strong support to the companys wide-ranging plans for growth. We aim to capitalize on these trends through extensive investments in new products and additional capacity, a list that includes no fewer than a dozen major projects and seven new factories, as summarized on Slide 28.  These investments are essential to the success of our plans for driving sales and profits. They also put Deere in a sound position to respond to societys needs for food, shelter and infrastructure, needs that are growing by the day. In our view, trends of this nature have power and persistence, as well as a good deal of promise. Were confident they should prove highly rewarding to our customers and investors in the years ahead. Tony? 
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Susan. Now were ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the calling procedure, but as a reminder, in consideration of others, please limit yourself to one question and one related follow-up. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Operator? 
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Henry Kirn. Please state your company name. 
Henry Kirn  UBS : Hi. Good morning, guys. Its UBS. 
Tony Huegel: Hi, Henry. 
Jim Field: Good morning, Henry. 
Henry Kirn  UBS : Im wondering if you could talk about Europe, maybe the progress with your market share goals in Europe, the credit availability in the market and your thoughts on any risks to subsidies given recent elections in that key market. 
Tony Huegel: Ill start with the credit availability. Credit still remains available and readily available in the market. As weve talked about in the past, the market in general is more affected negatively in the south, but the northern part of Europe, which tends to be stronger markets for Deere, continues to be very strong, so as you see in our outlook, we continue to look for flat to up 5% in the market for the year. 
Marie Ziegler: Theres been no change in government posturing or commentary on CAP reform, so it continues to be strong in current year, next year, and then starting in 2014, it is basically frozen at the level of payments, which are supportive of farm income, and it stays there through 2020, so theres been no change in that. 
Jim Field: And then in terms of where we are, I would say, with our plans in Europe -- actually, I was just there a couple weeks ago with Sam and reviewing the progress on implementing the dealer of tomorrow, which is an integral component of our long-range plans for Europe and thats progressing on track. 
Henry Kirn  UBS : Thats helpful, and on South America, could you talk about the content -- the competitive dynamics given the weaker forecast? 
Tony Huegel: The weaker forecast, really, is more of a function of two things. Of course, there was some weather impact from the drought that affected both southern Brazil and Argentina, but more importantly, weve lowered our outlook for Argentina specifically, basically through dealing with some challenges there around some of the government policies. 
Marie Ziegler: Thanks, Henry. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten. Please state your company name. 
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Longbow Securities. Good morning, everyone. 
Tony Huegel: Good morning, Eli. 
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Can we talk a little bit about production in the Ag business? You had a hell of a second quarter. Volume was a little lighter than we expected, I think original consensus on those numbers, and profitability was sort of outstanding. Was some production shifted to the third quarter, that way we didnt see any tonnage numbers this quarter? Because it looks like youre going to have a bigger third quarter than second quarter in Ag. Can you give some color of whats happening in the shipments?  And profitability, I guess youre implying in Ag it will be lower in the second half of the year than included in the second quarter. 
Tony Huegel: In terms of the second quarter being a little lower than the outlook we had given in February, really, thats driven by three areas. You mentioned South America. Argentina in particular, was much lower than what we had anticipated, and then also Asia, so India and China. Both were lower in the quarter than we had forecasted. 
James Field: Eli, this is Jim. The way -- maybe another way to get at your question is if you look at the first half of the year versus the second half. The second half versus the first half, shipments are going to be up about 20%, but when you look at whats going on, absorption will be down $150 million, which we said is part of the issue of why weve got the inventory built up at the second quarter.  Some of thats going to get released, obviously a significant portion, in the third and fourth quarter, so when youre doing the analyses on first half versus second half, that absorption impact is a big portion of it.  The second piece of it, when you do that analysis, first half versus second half, weve given the SA&G guidance and you can see that thats up pretty significant in the second half if were going to hit our SA&G guidance.  And that really is a reflection of how we feel about the market conditions. Were investing in increased marketing expenses. Of course theres an element of it thats variable related to service publications and all that, but I would very much also read that, in connection with the increased inventory levels, that were going to end the year out with the notion that Sam said, that these trends are looking very enduring. Thank you. 
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Okay, and can we follow it a bit, follow that with talk about the Construction & Forestry business? I guess volume was as strong as anyone expected. Margins were a little bit weaker. You started to explain some of it, but will we begin to see some improvement in the second half on margin? Your 8% implication says that we should have 8% margins in the second half versus it was roughly 8% in the first half.  So are we seeing better profitability and a better mix in the second half, or what can we expect in the Construction & Forestry, and particularly if we look out towards the end of the year? Will volumes hold or is there any fear that the United Rentals are overspending in the first half and not in the second half? 
Tony Huegel: Sure. As it relates to mix, maybe it would help to give a little bit more color on that. Some of the differences year over year in mix is remember last year, we converted to SAP, so there was a ramp up of production ahead of that, knowing that the facilities would be shut down for a period of time, and so on core construction equipment products, production was heavier than normal last year and the margins are attractive, certainly, on those products.  And then we also, this year, those -- a couple of those key construction products were going through Interim Tier 4 conversion, so year over year, the production was lower on that product, and as a result, there was a higher level of partner product in the mix than what would be normally.  But again, from an order intake perspective, things are very positive and we feel pretty strongly about the second half of the year for that division. A lot of its just mix and shifting of when that production is occurring year over year.  Okay, can we move to the next question? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich. Please state your company name. 
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs : Good morning. Its Goldman Sachs. 
Tony Huegel: Good morning, Jerry. 
Marie Ziegler: Good morning, Jerry. 
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs : On pricing, you had excellent realization in the quarter. Can you say more about the drivers of the acceleration that you saw, and with your US production rates rising in the back half of the year, step us through why your guidance assumes pricing slows in the back half? 
Marie Ziegler: Our guidance for the full year is 4 points. We probably had a little bit of a favorable mix, but I wouldnt read anything into it, I think in terms of the timing of some of the product launches, so really, no story there. 
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs : Can you say more about the mix in the quarter, Marie?  
Marie Ziegler: I think weve talked a little bit about the fact that -- and maybe the most significant thing that we havent addressed, let me start over, is in terms of our combines. Combines, as you may recall, last year were very front end-loaded. If you go back over on average over time, we have about 35% of our combine sales are shipped in the first half of the year and its about 65% in the back half.  Last year we were 50/50. This year its more like 25%/75%, so youve got a lot of these combines that are coming in the back half of the year for the Ag division. And that has to do, really, with the move to Interim Tier 4 and the way we managed our production to meet market needs and optimize our ability to serve our customers. 
Jim Field: And then I would add, Jerry, because we only give pricing in whole percentage increments, 50 basis points one way or another way can vacillate us to 4 or 5, so I think when Marie said theres not a real story there, theres -- we continue to expect a strong price realization and a very good acceptance of our product and, of course, our guidance is for, and wed be delighted if it ends up at, 5, but thats where were at. Thank you. 
Tony Huegel: Okay, thanks. Next caller? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Volkmann. Please state your company name. Mr. Volkmann, please check your mute button. Were unable to hear you. 
Tony Huegel: Why dont we go ahead and go to the next caller and then well try to get Steve back in. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan. Please state your company name. 
Ann Duignan  JPMorgan: Hi. JP Morgan. 
Tony Huegel: Good morning. 
Ann Duignan  JPMorgan: Good morning, guys. Can you talk a little bit about the changing practices in agriculture on the back of greater corn-on-corn acres and the increase in the total acres for crops, what thats doing to demand for things like large horsepower tractors, et cetera, et cetera?  And then in conjunction with that, does that tie in to your comments about ending the year with greater inventory? Can you talk about any forward outlook you have into -- I know, Marie, you wont give guidance for 2013, but are you -- we heard from dealers last week that they were taking orders already for things like planters into 2013. Can you just talk about what might be driving some of that in terms of the changing practices in the Midwest? 
Jim Field: Ann, this is Jim. Why dont I start with the whole corn-on-corn question? Obviously, when you have corn-on-corn, and to the extent that that is a long-term shift in practices, its nothing but positive for Deere. It means more activity in the field because youre either going to have to come through with some tillage instrument to deal with the debris or youre going to have to put a chopper head on a combine, and therefore, the horsepower requirements for the combines, all other things being equal, would increase somewhat to deal with the increased load from the chopping head.  So that practice of corn-on-corn, which seems to be a growing practice, is something that is positive and nearly in basically every respect to Deere because it means more activity in the field, it means higher hours on tractors, all those sorts of things.  In terms of the increased acreage, I think -- and whats going on in general, I think just speaks to our long-term belief that the fundamental dynamics of the agricultural equipment businesses are very good and very positive with lots of positive macroeconomic tailwinds. 
Ann Duignan  JPMorgan: And maybe to follow on that, then, the frustrating thing for us to understand the fundamentals is your commentary to investors that some of your end markets in the US are at 120% of normal. Can you talk about the conflict between both of those comments? 
Jim Field: Well, the way -- first of all, its really important for folks to understand how we establish normal, and thats a backward-looking calculation, basically an average of the prior seven years, so to the extent that you have a growing market, our measurements as a percent of normals are lagging. They lag and so they dont reflect that in the normals.  But I would say a couple other things, that youre right. You predicted quite correctly that Maries not going to give you 2013 outlook, but look, were bringing on capacity, weve got higher SA&G expenses in the second half of the year, were building inventory and were going to end with higher levels of inventory. I think theres a reasonable inference that could be drawn as to what we think the prospects are for 2013. I hope that was helpful. Thank you, Ann. 
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Can we go to the next caller, please? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer. Please state your company name. 
Rob Wertheimer  Vertical Research Partners: Its Vertical Research Partners. Good morning, everybody. 
Tony Huegel: Hi. 
Rob Wertheimer  Vertical Research Partners: I just wanted to ask, if you wouldnt mind, of a state of the union on the Construction & Forestry business. I asked this last quarter a little bit and Im well aware that in the US, were still as an industry well below normal, but your revenues are hitting record highs. Im just curious if thats strictly in the US, if thats geographically expansive? Could you just give us a timeframe of how that business is trending geographically/whats going on there?
Tony Huegel: Certainly, weve, from a market share perspective, we have, over recent years, had taken some very good market share. As you may have heard us talk about before today, we are a clear number two provider in the US and Canada markets on construction. And actually, our market share, while we dont disclose that in this region, we are the clear -- we are actually closer to number one than what number three would be to us.  The other thing weve done in that process is a much broader -- brought a much broader portfolio to the market. Weve also talked a lot about price realization over the last decade, averaging over 3 points of positive price realization year over year for the company, and of course, C&F has contributed to that, as well.  So as you look at all of those factors, while on a net sales basis, it looks like were at record sales levels, from a unit sales perspective, the industry in the US and Canada is still at relatively low levels. 
Marie Ziegler: Maybe just to add on, as we look at our international business, thats still in the Construction & Forestry division, a relatively small piece of the business, but it is up.  But we are seeing strength in several segments in the US or recovery, and that includes independent rental companies, as well as our dealers investing in some rental activity. We have strength in Material Handling and a lot of that is related to Ag activity, strength in Industrial and Energy, so there are some segments in the US that are recovering. 
Rob Wertheimer  Vertical Research Partners: Great. That was really helpful, thank you. Tony, in national, we talked a little about the implements and how you had really nice sales in attachments to in implements. Can you talk structurally about, as the curve has been so strong in tractors and combines, have expensive planters or other implements capped up or have they lagged and farmers --  Has it been one for one? Has it been better than one for one because people put more updated attachments on older machines? Or is it lagging and people bought the power and now theyre buying the rest of the complex? Thanks. 
Jim Field: Hi, Rob. This is Jim. I would tell you in general what were seeing across the entire large Ag portfolio. Sprayers, tillage, seeding equipment is reasonably strong, as well, and I cant tell you if its one for one, but all sectors are seeing some pretty significant strength and farmers are investing their healthy cash flows in equipment. 
Tony Huegel: Right, and we talked about earlier in the year along that line with -- you mentioned seeding equipment and thats typically our early order program for that product line. Normally, its a three-stage early order program. It actually sold out in the first stage.  Last year, tillage equipment, I think for the first time ever, we actually sold out. We were at capacity on tillage equipment for the year, so these other implements actually have had a very strong year, as well. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you. 
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Lets move to the next caller. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lawrence DeMaria. Please state your company name. 
Lawrence DeMaria  William Blair: Hi. Good morning. From William Blair. Can you guys just talk a little about Europe? Now that you have all the new products here that were launched last year into this year, and now working on the dealerships, obviously, are you seeing any market share changes yet? And if not, do you expect that to accelerate over the next year or so? 
Marie Ziegler: Larry, a lot of those new products just launched into the market. We have good order intake. Were very excited about the opportunities and we believe that will translate into good sales activity as we move through time, but again, some of those products are just newly into production. 
Lawrence DeMaria  William Blair: Okay, thanks, and then as it relates to the expansion in Brazil and China for construction, obviously you stated youre still expanding there, but is there any slowdown on the timing of the expansion given the current market dynamics in those two obviously important regions? 
Tony Huegel: No, theres no change on either of those. Could we move to the next caller? Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook. Please state your company name.  
Analyst for Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse : This is Andrew Briscalia [ph] on behalf of Jamie Cook, Credit Suisse.
Tony Huegel: Good morning. 
Analyst for Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse : Looking just at your incrementals, how should we think of 2012 as a peak, looking at your incrementals or Ag, and just longer term, how should we think of emissions, mix, change of mix and capacity impacting your incrementals? 
Marie Ziegler: We have a long-term project within the company to continue to improve our operating margin. Thats -- we internally refer to that as E700. There is a tremendous amount of work being done there, so we are aspiring to higher margins than we currently deliver on average over time.  That said, we are well on our way to recovering the product costs for Interim Tier 4. That said, theres more spend ahead of us as we look to Final Tier 4, which those compliance dates begin 2014-15, but there -- we will, over the course of this year, we will have recovered most, and by 2013, its fair to say we will have recovered nearly all of the product costs. 
Analyst for Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse : Okay, thats helpful, and then just on your capital allocation, just a question on looking at your share repurchase, is there a chance of being a little more aggressive given where the stocks pricing and whats your bear case on the US Ag?
Tony Huegel: Certainly, as weve stated in the past, we dont have any set target that we communicate or anything along that line with the share repurchase, but we do look at our share repurchase program as a value-enhancing use of cash, and so, certainly, as -- when the stock price is at -- below what we would deem fair value for the company, we would certainly respond accordingly.  Okay, thank you. Lets move to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey. Please state your company name. 
Andy Casey  Wells Fargo Securities: Wells Fargo Securities. Good morning, everyone. 
Marie Ziegler: Good morning. 
Tony Huegel: Good morning. 
Andy Casey  Wells Fargo Securities: Just a quick question. You may have indirectly answered this, but the full year and the Q3 revenue guidance seems to indicate a growth pace moderation to around 10% as you go into the back quarter of the year from the 25% in Q3. Can you provide a little bit more color on the assumptions behind that trend? 
Marie Ziegler: I think youre still dealing with some of the aftermath of Interim Tier 4 product transitions and I would not read anything into it. Again, weve increased our outlook for ND inventories. 
Andy Casey  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Ill take the rest of them offline. Thank you. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Andy. 
Tony Huegel: Next caller?
Operator: Our next question comes from Vance Edelson. Please state your company name. 
Vance Edelson  Morgan Stanley: Hi. Its Morgan Stanley. Thanks. In terms of C&F having such a strong quarter, beyond the product mix shifts and your own market share gains, could you provide a little more on the conditions in the US by end market, so across commercial construction infrastructure, even the single family? What are the trends youre seeing out there most recently and do you feel confident that conditions are going to keep improving? 
Tony Huegel: Well, certainly, Marie mentioned the three or four areas where were seeing strength. Today if you look at where housing starts are, while they are improving, from a historic basis, theyre at very low levels, so as a result, youre not seeing a lot of contribution from the housing market relative to these other areas. But again, we are seeing some signs of life, if you will, in those markets and are certainly hopeful that that will continue to improve as we move forward. 
Jim Field: And I think the other thing, if you just look at an aggregate and you look at where the aggregate industry unit sales are relative to the history, that would suggest that theres plenty of runway in the construction business in North America. We have had record levels of sales, but if you look at the overall industry, its far below what folks would consider to be normal. 
Vance Edelson  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thats very helpful. And then just back on Ag and Turf, with the pricing getting stronger during the quarter, could you just walk us through pricing power by region? Are there any geographies where you feel you have a notable ability to raise prices, and conversely, any place where theres more customer sensitivity or greater competition that might keep a lid on pricing? 
Tony Huegel: As you may be aware, Vance, we do not provide any more granularity to the price realization, either by division or by geography, but it is safe to say that all geographies and all divisions are contributing to the price and thats about all we can say.  So, thank you. Lets move on to the next caller, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz. Please state your company name. 
Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays Capital: Good morning, guys. Barclays. 
Tony Huegel: Good morning. 
Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays Capital: Can you hear me okay? 
Tony Huegel: Yes. 
Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays Capital: Maybe if I could kind of push you a little bit on C&F margins, Susan, you mentioned 5 points of negative mix effects. It seems like a lot of these negative mix effects should go away within the next two to three quarters as you transition from IT4 on some of these big, big pieces of equipment and that shouldnt last much longer. I know that the expenses from the build-out internationally are going to continue, but maybe if you could comment on these 5 points going away over the next couple quarters. 
Tony Huegel: First of all, I want to clarify, the 5 points was not mix alone. That included mix, R&D and growth, so its the combination of those three. Certainly, the mix impact, as we talked about, in the quarter should soften, at least, but certainly the R&D and growth expenses will not. Those will continue on through the year as we look to grow internationally. 
Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays Capital: Okay. Maybe Ill just shift gears, then, Tony, and ask about the CIS region. You didnt change your outlook for that region in Ag, but up a considerable amount is obviously a little nebulous, and you have expanded or you announced another Waterloo expansion. I think a lot of that would go internationally, so maybe you can comment on the strength of that region, especially Russia, and what the impact is on your business. 
Tony Huegel: Certainly, while we dont give a numeric outlook for that region, at this point, the sales are certainly very favorable and up strongly this year. Russia, in particular, is up strongly year over year. You are correct; we do sell a significant number of Waterloo tractors into that market as well as large combines from our East Moline, Illinois facility, not to mention some construction equipment, as well, and forestry. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber. Please state your company name. 
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets : Hi. Good morning. Its RBC. Sorry if I missed this, but on the -- you had previously talked about $500 million of IT costs for the year and that being front end-loaded. Can you just give us some granularity on where we are on that relative to that number first half or second half? 
Tony Huegel: Sure. So far what we talked about was IT4 costs year to date. The IT4 cost was not the front end-loaded portion. What you may be thinking of is the raw material cost, the $400 million. 
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets : Okay. 
Tony Huegel: Was more front end-loaded, and were actually more than three-fourths of the way -- of that has already been spent through the second quarter of the year on the raw material. Interim Tier 4 actually accelerates as you go through the year. We talked about in the first quarter roughly $75 million. This quarter was roughly $135 million, and as we continue to convert product, obviously you have more products and that results in higher costs. 
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets : Okay, thats helpful. Thanks, Tony. And then, I guess, a follow-up, the higher industry outlook for North America on the Ag side, would you characterize that as coming from high horsepower equipment or do you think the smaller equipment is pushing the increase there? 
Tony Huegel: The increase would be large Ag. 
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets : Large Ag? Okay. Thank you very much. 
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Next caller? 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso. Please state your company name. 
David Raso  ISI Group: ISI. Im trying to get a better read on your confidence in the 2013 demand based on your inventory. I can take you to the calc how I get to it, but essentially, Im looking at your inventory calced about $1.1 billion higher than normal in the sense of where the inventory is relative to the next six months sales youre expecting versus the historical norm.  Of that $1.1 billion, just to maybe give us a little better feel, how much of that would you argue is confidence in 13? Im just trying to get a feel for how much was simply maybe a little overbilled versus that large of number, theres that much confidence in the spring selling season for 13 already.  You can answer that any way youd like, but $1.1 billions a sizable number the way Im calculating it. 
Marie Ziegler: Its very early, but we see many areas of the world where things continue to be very strong, including North America, and so in order to be sure that we can meet customer demand, we are putting some additional product plans in place and thats reflected in the ending inventory.  Its premature for us, much as I think we all would like to know what 2013 is going to look like, its premature for us to provide definitive guidance at this point, but the trends, the fundamentals, appear very stable in many parts of the world. 
David Raso  ISI Group: Could you help us with a little more geographic color on where youre most confident geographically? Obviously, we can extrapolate the margin benefit or detriment to that comment, but just where are you having the most confidence geographically to have that level of inventory at this stage of the year? 
Jim Field: Well, clearly, large Ag in North America, as indicated by our industry outlooks, is where a significant source of the strength is. But going back to your question is the way we like to look at it is receivables and inventory together, and when I look at it on that basis, I see a number thats slightly higher than the percentage -- a slightly higher percentage than our historical norm for very high sales activity levels, but nothing that we believe is concerning.  The other issue is, if you look back at history, weve vastly built out our parts distribution network and put parts distribution facilities in Russia, weve expanded the parts distribution facility in Brazil, all of which is aimed at the John Deere Value Proposition, so some of that inventory is also there supporting that initiative. Thank you, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Tiss. Please state your company name. 
Joel Tiss  Buckingham Research: Hi. Buckingham Research. I wonder if you can -- Can you give us a little more help on, even if you just aggregated all together on what the costs of all your various expansions are, I guess the twelve new plants, and how those costs flow through 2012 and 2013?  And to the extent you can, any sort of an idea what revenue capacity youre building in? So, I know youre not going to tell us that, but maybe like the increments to how much youre adding 20% to Russia or whatever, just to help us understand how this all fits together and it might help us with the flow of numbers into 13 and 14. 
Marie Ziegler: Growth and SG&A were saying is up 4 points for the full year, and thats maybe indicative of the kind of expenses that were seeing. There are incrementally a few costs in manufacturing because youre putting in a little bit of personnel into those places, but thats really where the bulk of the increment is at this stage of the game.  And in terms of what our future revenue potential is, the only thing that weve really publicly stated is that -- is going back to the Waterloo opportunity, and there, weve got another 10% capacity well ahead of us, and thats really the only area that weve put anything to numbers. 
Jim Field: The only thing I would add to that, Joel, is that were not going to talk about what the incremental growth opportunity is in 13 or 14, but we would tell you that these are the expenditures thats going to enable the revised John Deere strategy, which would ultimately get us to doubling the company by 2018, so thank you. 
Marie Ziegler: Next question, please? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashish Gupta. Please state your company name. 
Ashish Gupta  Credit Agricole Securities: DRC [ph]. Hi. Good morning. Its great to hear your confidence in 2013. In reference to the slide on Waterloo, can you just walk us through the impact to your margins for making increasing equipment in North America and selling it internationally specifically? Im just trying to -- wonder if theres a transfer pricing that makes international margins appear lower under GAAP? 
Tony Huegel: Yes, if you look under GAAP, when we report the outside US/Canada margins, that is heavily -- thats influenced by transfer pricing, so to your point, with the Waterloo tractors as an example, when we sell those tractors in Europe, for example, the outside US and Canada portion is only going to receive, really, the marketing margin, so the more significant manufacturing margin gets reported in the US region, so when you look at those numbers, it does distort, in many cases, where the -- it distorts the margin in outside US and Canada. When we look at it internally from a profit by a product basis and dont -- and basically strip out the transfer pricing, in many cases, the margins on tractors, for example, regardless of where theyre sold in the world, the margins are very comparable. Of course, you have additional shipping and logistics costs, but outside of that, the margins are very comparable. 
Ashish Gupta  Credit Agricole Securities: Thats really helpful. If I could sneak in just one more, with all these capacity expansions, Im just wondering, do you believe youre under producing global demand in Ag, large Ag? 
Marie Ziegler: Ill take that. I would say at Waterloo and at Harvester, were working very hard to squeak out any incremental production that we can. 
Jim Field: And also, I think that would be true in cotton. Weve struggled to keep up with the demand in spring, as well. Thank you very much. 
Marie Ziegler: Weve got time for one more question. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Andrew Obin. Please state your company name. 
Andrew Obin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Its Bank of American Merrill Lynch. Can you hear me? 
Marie Ziegler: Yes, we can. 
Andrew Obin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just to follow up on Joels question, in terms of your growth costs in C&F, could you quantify them, just specifically that piece, and when do these run off? So this is the Brazilian factory, Chinese expansion, thats what I mean. 
Marie Ziegler: Those factories will start production next year, so you would have a -- youll be in some period of ramp up, certainly, probably into 2014 as new product ships in, so youre a ways away from that. But again, you dont have any actual manufacturing taking place right now, so the growth costs are really represented in that SG&A. 
Andrew Obin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But out of these 5% percentage points that you guys talked about, is growth half? Just give us sense how much of it will linger? 
Marie Ziegler: Maybe as we look through the full year, it would be a better way. We know that mix neutralizes, but were going to continue to see some growth expenses. Weve got a little heavier weighting on IT4 product costs, a little bit of raw material coming in in the second half for them, so it continues. Were not going to provide any more granularity at this point.  Do you have another question, Andrew? I think maybe we lost Andrew. With that, thank you very much. Well be around this afternoon to answer your questions. Good day. 
Operator: And that concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-02-15 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Sir, you may begin. 
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and the outlook for the remainder of 2012. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that the slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com.
 First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call.
 This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additionally, information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information.
 Now here's Susan. 
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Tony. With this morning's first quarter earnings announcement, John Deere has started 2012 on a strong note. Income and sales both reached new records for the first quarter of the year. It was our seventh straight quarterly record.
 The improvement was broad-based. Ag and turf had another strong quarter and our other divisions, construction and forestry and financial services, contributed as well. Healthy demand for farm machinery continued to play a big role in our results, but our performance also reflected success executing our ambitious marketing and operating plans. Such execution is especially important right now as we are adding new products and global capacity at unprecedented rates. Finally, our full year earnings forecast has been adjusted upwards and now stands at about $3.275 billion. All in all, it was a solid start to what is expected to be another strong year.
 You may have noticed the slide deck looks a little different this quarter. We have moved slides we felt were only number updates to the appendix to allow more time for your questions. 
 Now let's look at the first quarter in detail starting with Slide 3. Net sales and revenues were up 11% to $6.8 billion in the quarter. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $533 million. As we noted earlier, this was the company's seventh consecutive quarterly earnings record. 
 Total worldwide equipment operations net sales were $6.1 billion, up 11% quarter-over-quarter, shown on Slide 4. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 4 points, while currency translation was a negative 1 point. 
 The company outlook is on Slide 5. Second quarter net sales are forecasted to be up about 15% compared with the second quarter of 2011. This includes about 4 points of positive price realization and about 3 points of negative currency translation. For the full year, net sales are expected to be up about 15% versus 2011. This includes about 3 points of negative currency translation, which is a negative swing in currency translation of 4 points from our previous forecast. So effectively, forecast volumes have increased by 4 points, all of which have been offset by exchange.
 In addition, we're expecting positive price realization of about 4 points. Remember, our price realization excludes any pricing related to Interim Tier 4, which is included in volumes. The full year impact on operating profit from currency translation is negative, about $80 million. Net income attributable to Deere & Company is now projected at $3.275 billion in 2012. 
 Turning to a review of our individual businesses. Let's start with ag and turf on Slide 6. Sales were up 8% in the quarter. Production tonnage was up 5%. Operating profit was $574 million, resulting in an impressive 12% operating margin, the second highest margin for the ag and turf division in any first quarter. Price realization and higher shipment volumes benefited results, but were partially offset by increased production costs related to new products and to emission requirements and higher raw material costs. 
 Taking a look at ag and turf incremental margin, it came in at 5%. As we discussed on the call in November, first quarter incremental margins would be a challenge due to the timing of expenses and a very tough comparison to the first quarter of 2011. Importantly, pricing offset material costs in the quarter, including Interim Tier 4 product costs. As the press release states, the improved operating profit for ag and turf was partially offset by increased production costs related to new products and engine emission requirements. Those costs in the quarter were roughly $100 million. 
 The additional expense was associated with a significant number of start-ups, which resulted in higher capital spend; factory costs; and overhead expenses. Included were costs of installing new equipment, training new workers and starting preproduction processes. Coupled with strong demand in the quarter, we experienced some inefficiencies in our factories. All that said, we met customer demand and delivered a 12% operating margin, signifying very strong execution. The forecast calls for double-digit incremental margins the remainder of the year. 
 Before we review the industry sales outlook, let's look at some of the fundamentals affecting the ag business. Slide 7 outlines the U.S. commodity price estimates that underlie our financial forecast. As you can see, U.S. crop prices are forecasted to remain strong in the 2011-2012 crop year, driven by strong global demand and tight supply. The assumption for more normal, higher yields next year accounts for the drop in crop prices in 2012-2013. 
 Slide 8 highlights cash receipts. 2011 U.S. farm cash receipts were at record levels, 16% higher than the previous record in 2008. The 2012 cash receipts number is down slightly from 2011's record level but are still extremely strong. In our modeling, current year and prior year cash receipts are the primary driver of equipment purchases. This bodes well for the ag business and is translating into increased demand, as illustrated by our strong outlook. 
 Our base case on acres planted and yields for the 2012-2013 crop year is shown on Slide 9. Driven by strong global demand and low carryover stocks, our base case calls for an increase in total planted acres this crop year. The increase in corn acres reflects a shift from cotton. Assuming moisture levels recover in the Wheat Belt, acreage will increase slightly. And as a result of the extreme drought in West Texas, we expect cotton acres planted to decrease in the 2012-13 crop year. Keep in mind that forecasts involving acreage and yield are very preliminary at this point and will be ultimately determined by weather and springtime prices. 
 Our economic outlook for the EU 27 is on Slide 10. We see the European ag sector strengthening with 2012 farm income expected to remain at very attractive levels, supported by commodity prices. Equipment demand continues strong with the favorable outlook for large farm markets in Northern Europe offsetting weakness in the south.
 On Slide 11, you'll see the economic fundamentals outlined for a few additional targeted growth markets.
 Slide 12 tells the weather-related story for Argentina and Southern Brazil, which serves as the basis for our outlook change in the region and a slight change from the farm net income slides you are used to seeing. Drought conditions in Central Argentina and Southern Brazil have lowered production and yields, while heavy rain in Central Brazil has slowed the soybean harvest and the planting of the second season cotton crop. 
 Our 2012 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 13. With strong farm fundamentals in the U.S. and Canada, demand continues to increase, especially for high horsepower equipment. We have increased our forecast for the region to up about 10%. The EU 27 industry outlook has been increased and is now projected to be flat to up 5% from the attractive levels of 2011. The improvement is due to favorable conditions in the grain, livestock and dairy sectors, which are outweighing general economic concerns in Southern Europe. Our 2012 industry outlook in the CIS countries is for considerably higher growth after last year's notable rise. 
 Moving to Asia. We expect sales to increase moderately. The tweaking in our forecast is the result of the tractor industry in India. After 2 years of strong double-digit growth, the 2012 forecast for tractors is flat this year. Higher interest rates and moderating commodity prices are also dampening growth. We view this as only a pause in India, as government support for agriculture and farm mechanizations are both on the rise.
 Industry sales of tractors and combines in South America are now expected to be flat to down 5% in relation to the strong levels of 2011 due to drought in parts of the region. Remember, the industry outlook for South America does not include cotton and sugarcane harvesting equipment, both categories in which Deere has a strong market presence. The ag sector in Brazil continues to receive governmental support, stimulating investments in ag equipment.
 Turning to another product category. We expect industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada to be up slightly in 2012. 
 Putting this all together on Slide 14. The fiscal year 2012 forecast is for Deere sales of worldwide ag and turf equipment to be up about 15%. Currency translation is negative by about 3 points, which is a 4 point negative change from our forecast in November. So effectively, forecast volumes had increased by 4 points. Operating margin for the division is forecasted at about 15%, which would be a record, and that's despite the headwinds we discussed earlier. This certainly illustrates solid execution on our part. 
 We'll update you on our early order program. The combine early order program ended in the middle of January with about 95% of the production slots covered. Concerning used combined levels, you may recall we made good progress in reducing the number of used units at year end, and we made still more progress in the first quarter. January ended with used combines well below year-earlier levels with values rising. In response, we added additional combine production to the schedule. This clearly demonstrates our confidence that we have effectively managed through this situation.
 The cotton early order program is full. Remaining early order programs for air seedings, sprayers, planters, drills, tillage, windrowers and self-propelled forage harvesters have gone exceptionally well. Aggregate orders for these programs are up about 30% over last year. The order book for large tractors is also strong, with effective availability of August 2012 for the 8R model and June 2012 for the 4-wheel-drive 9R. All this supports our outlook for very good market conditions. 
 Let's focus now on construction and forestry on Slide 15. Deere's net sales were up 22% in the quarter, while production tonnage was up 26%. Division operating profit rose 41% to $124 million, helped by higher shipment volumes and improved price realization, partially offset by increased raw material costs. C&F recorded a 9% operating margin and a 14% incremental margin. 
 On Slide 16, let's look at the economic indicators on the bottom part of this slide. While stable or increased from last quarter, the underlying fundamentals certainly don't point to strong recovery. Overall, economic growth continues at a slow pace, although there are promising signs that things are picking up. C&F continues to benefit from replacement demand for very aged fleets and improved sales to independent rental companies as they record higher utilization levels and rental rates. We also see strength in the energy and material handling sectors, the latter pertaining mostly to skid steers and loaders. Also encouraging, Deere dealers continue to see an improvement in rental utilization and used equipment markets. 
 Net sales in construction and forestry are now forecast to be up about 18% in fiscal 2012 with negative currency translation of about 1 point. Global forestry markets are expected to be flat to up 5% in 2012 from the strong levels of a year ago. We are seeing growth in all our markets except Europe, where the market remains healthy but restrained by economic concerns. The full year operating margin for the C&F division is projected to be about 8%. 
 Let's move now to our financial services operations. Slide 17 shows the financial services provision for credit losses as a percent of the total average owned portfolio. Year-to-date on an annualized basis, the provision is an incredibly low 2 basis points. This reflects lower write-offs, primarily in the ag and construction and forestry portfolios, as well as recoveries of prior year write-offs and fewer repossessions. Our 2012 financial forecast contemplates the provision for credit losses increasing toward a more normal level to about 24 basis points as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. For your reference, the 10-year average is about 34 basis points. 
 Moving to Slide 18. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $119 million in the quarter versus $118 million in 2011. Net income benefited from growth in the credit portfolio, revenue from wind energy credits and a lower provision for credit losses. These items were largely offset by higher crop insurance claims and increased selling, administrative and general expenses. The wind energy credits relate to the wind energy business we sold in 2010. 
 Looking ahead, we are now projecting worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company of about $460 million in 2012. The decrease from 2011, when income was $471 million, is mainly attributable to 2 things. First, the provision for credit losses rising toward more normal levels, about 24 basis points for the year. Last year's loss provision was only 4 basis points, well below average levels. Second, the forecast also includes higher selling, administrative and general expenses in support of the equipment operations' global growth. For example, financial services has recently added or soon will be adding locations in China, Russia, Chile, India and Thailand. Growth in the portfolio will partially offset these 2 items. 
 Now on Slide 19, let's look at receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended the first quarter up about $1.6 billion compared to the first quarter of 2011, equal to 30% of trailing 12-month sales. The same percentage of trailing 12-month sales was achieved in the first quarter of 2011. Historically for the first quarter, we run between 28% and 30%. The higher first quarter inventory levels are necessary to meet the strong demand ahead of us this year. For the full year, receivables and inventories are expected to be about $150 million higher versus 2011. 
 Let's turn now to raw materials and logistics on Slide 20. First quarter material costs were up about $130 million in comparison with the first quarter of 2011. Our 2012 full year forecast now assumes an increase of around $400 million to $500 million versus 2011 as we are seeing lower steel prices run through our cost. About 80% of the increase is for ag and turf and about 20% for C&F. As we have shared in the past, increases or decreases in Deere's raw material costs tend to lag by 3 to 6 months, depending on the commodity or type of contract. Our forecast calls for about 2/3 of the increase in raw material cost to occur in the first half of the year.
 Finally, as we introduce new products and features to our growing customer base, the product costs of compliance with engine emission regulations in North America and Europe will be roughly $500 million higher than 2011. However, the forecast 4 points of price realization will offset the combination of increased material cost and Interim Tier 4 product cost. 
 Looking at R&D expense on Slide 21. R&D was up 16% in the first quarter compared to the same period last year. Our 2012 forecast calls for R&D expense to be up about 12%. Currency translation is negative by about 2 points. As stated in previous quarters, R&D spending is expected to remain at high levels for the next few years as we continue product launches with Interim Tier 4 engines, and soon thereafter meet final Tier 4 emission standards. Also included is ongoing new product development expense for our growing global customer base. 
 Moving to Slide 22. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up 7% in the first quarter. Growth accounted for almost all of the increase. Our fiscal year 2012 forecast calls for SA&G expense to be up about 10%, with growth accounting for about 4 points and currency translation, a negative 2 points. 
 Turning to Slide 23. We detail our use of cash priorities. Deere's worldwide financial services operation provides a strategic advantage in funding customer purchases, but only so long as we can access the credit markets on a cost-effective basis. One of the key elements to this end is maintaining an A rating, which is our top priority. Rating agencies expect 12 months of debt maturities to be covered by cash and/or untapped credit facilities. This also implies appropriately funding our pension and OPEB benefits, which we have done proactively and prudently over the years.
 Our second use of cash priority is funding value-creating investments in our operations. As an example mentioned in the press release, over the last year, we announced plans for 7 new factories as well as expansions at existing factories.
 Our third priority is to provide for the common stock dividend. Over time, we want to consistently deliver a series of moderately increased dividends while targeting a 25% to 35% payout ratio on average. We are mindful of the importance of maintaining the dividend and plus not growing it beyond the point that it can be comfortably sustained by cash flow.
 Share repurchase is our method of deploying excess cash once the previous requirements have been met and so long as such repurchase is viewed as value-enhancing.
 And on Slide 24, you see our equipment operations' history of strong cash flow. Following years of impressive cash flow performance, we are forecasting cash flow from equipment operations to reach about $3.5 billion in 2012. 
 In closing, the company started out 2012 on a strongly positive note and is looking for further improvements in the quarters ahead. Our recent performance and our positive outlook for the year is strong momentum to the company's plans for achieving increased growth and profitability in the future. What's more, our substantial investment in new products and additional capacity puts Deere on a sound footing to respond to any further improvements that may occur in key markets now in the early stages of recovery. 
 These investments, as you see summarized on Slide 25, include the 7 new factories referenced in the press release in emerging markets crucial to our growth, as well as significant expansions and modernizations now underway in the United States. The added capacity will help the company capitalize on the world's increasing need for food, shelter and infrastructure and for the productive equipment needed to help produce it. These powerful trends, in our view, have staying power and they represent nothing less than an exceptional opportunity for John Deere and its investors in the quarters and years to come. Tony? 
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Susan. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. [Operator Instructions] Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Obin. 
Andrew Obin: Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Just a question on your outlook. You guys guided first to a down Q1 versus last year. It also seems that production was a little bit lower in the Q1 than we were thinking, so more of it is being pushed back into the second half. And then you also guided to lower costs. Yet as I look at the increase, it sort of barely covers the beat and lower costs that you guided to. So why would incremental production in your outlook not result in more earnings? 
James Field: Well, Andrew, this is Jim. I think one of the key pieces in that whole equation is this $80 million, or in round numbers, about $100 million of headwinds that we're facing on the currency side from a translation perspective. If you -- I think if you look at the increase in physical volume that we've added, after you strip out the FX and you put normalized incremental margin assumptions on that and consider the other headwinds we've talked about and then consider also this, in round numbers, $100 million of translation headwind, it gets -- it seems to be a pretty reasonable outcome where we ended up. 
Andrew Obin: And a follow-up question on construction and forestry. If we go back in the prior cycles, construction and forestry was a much bigger percentage of your revenue and profit as well. Given sort of the ongoing mix change in the company, do you think in several years, construction and forestry can go back to its historic percent of revenue and profitability would be similar to what we saw in the middle of the past decade? Or has the mix changed sufficiently that we should just think about the company being different? 
James Field: This is Jim again, Andrew. Absolutely it can, and the expectations is that it would. And as you've rightfully pointed out, when you look at the last construction cycle, construction recorded the highest operating margin of any of our divisions. And they would be shooting for operating margins that are very consistent with that going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz. 
Andy Kaplowitz: It's Barclays Capital. Maybe I could follow up on Andrew's question about construction in one sense, and that is, I mean, you had almost 9% margins in the quarter in what usually is a seasonally weak 1Q, and you didn't change the guidance for the year. So I guess, I'm just trying to figure out why that is. And the incremental margins were also quite good versus what we thought. So any help you can give us as to -- maybe there's a little upside in your guidance now for the year. 
Marie Ziegler: This is Marie, Andy. As you think about construction, they will have a phase-in of the iT4-compliant machines over the course of the year. And so you will see the cost of product transitions and the product cost reflected in their cost as we move through 2012. And that's the difference. 
Andy Kaplowitz: Okay, Marie, that's helpful. So just shifting back to ag. You mentioned inefficiencies in the factory in the first quarter. And production was a lot less than you guided. So I'm just wondering how that improves over time. Why did -- 1Q production, why did it look weaker than you guys had expected it to be? 
Tony Huegel: Right. Well, keep in mind, the inefficiencies in the quarter that we talked about with Interim Tier -- again, going back to Interim Tier 4 transition, certainly our combines we're transitioning as well as large tractors, our 9000 Series tractors, we're transitioning during that first quarter. So that's part of what's driving some of those inefficiencies. 
Marie Ziegler: In terms of the tonnage change, that's merely just shifts in a variety of products, a little bit less than the first quarter and a little bit more as you move through the year. And that's pretty typical for us. The tonnage numbers, as many of you are aware, are not terribly precise. 
Andy Kaplowitz: So Marie, it's really just timing, you're saying. 
Marie Ziegler: Yes, absolutely because we took our full tonnage up for the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook. 
Jamie Cook: Crdit Suisse. Two questions. One, just back to the Tier 4. I just want to make sure I understood you correctly, and it relates to Andy's question in construction. Is Tier 4 now $500 million but you said you'll cover all of it, relative to before you said $475 million and you'd cover a good portion? So I'm just trying to make sure I understand that relative to the comments you made about Andy's -- the margin impact on the C&F business. And then I guess, my other question is you talked about -- just on the combine issue, it sounds like you're taking production up. Is that all happening in the fourth quarter? And how should we think about combine production relative to retail in 2012 now? 
Tony Huegel: Sure. On the first question, Interim Tier 4 costs, as we look -- you're right. We did bump that up a little bit to about $500 million for the year. And as you look at the 4 points of price realization, what we've said is that will more than cover the Interim Tier 4 as well as the material price increases that we're anticipating for the year. 
Jamie Cook: But is that better than what you said last quarter? I didn't think last quarter you were covering it all, so that's a disconnect. I'm trying to -- -- unless I misinterpreted... 
Marie Ziegler: It's a little bit of a change but not much. 
Jamie Cook: And so it is better? 
Marie Ziegler: It's a little better, yes. 
Jamie Cook: Okay. So just with Andy's comments on why then it's going to -- if you're more than covering it, why is it going to hurt your C&F margins? 
Marie Ziegler: We are in production yet on a lot of the construction equipment. That has a phase-in over the course of the year, Jamie. So you're not seeing some of the Tier 4 product cost yet in the first quarter at the same level that you will in subsequent quarters, just simply because we're launching products over the course of the year. 
Jamie Cook: Okay. And then just the last on the combines. Just if you're taking the production up in the fourth quarter and where we're going to produce relative to retail in 2012. 
Marie Ziegler: Jamie, we don't have specific fourth quarter public guidance, but it is true that we added combines. And I think you could say that some of those combines certainly would have been added in the latter half of the year. 
James Field: This is Jim. I think relative to the combine issue, which was yesterday's headline, I think, though, the important thing is that we've reached closure on this issue. We've got the channel where we think it needs to be in terms of used goods, and I think it also shows the type of actions that we will take as a company to make sure that this is a long-term sustainable business. So I think that's the important thing as you look at the combines situation. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Henry Kirn. 
Henry Kirn: It's UBS. I'm wondering if you could chat a little bit about where you think we are versus normalized demand in South America and Europe. 
Tony Huegel: Well, certainly in Europe from a normal or mid-cycle, while we're continuing to look at kind of a flat to up 5%, we would still be below mid-cycle levels within the company in Europe. 
Marie Ziegler: And in South America, as we look to South America, we see a very exciting opportunity as that market continues to grow and as we -- and as Deere individually continues to broaden its market coverage with product and with distribution. 
James Field: And I think as you look at Europe, I mean, an important point there is, as was said by Tony, we are below mid-cycle. We have seen some strength in that market. As a matter of fact, if you look at tractors, the order book is up 12%; combines, 25%; self-propelled forage harvesters, 17%. And that's all happening in a market where there's still, in our view, a significant amount of headroom vis--vis mid-cycle. 
Henry Kirn: And dovetailing with that, can you update your thoughts on the steps you're taking to improve the market share in both those regions? 
Marie Ziegler: He's asking about market share. We could not hear you, Henry, but I believe your question was what steps have we taken to improve market share in both those regions. Is that... 
Henry Kirn: Yes, that's right. Update the thoughts on the steps you're taking to do that. 
Marie Ziegler: When we -- when you were in Lisbon in the summer, you saw the over 100 new products that have been introduced in Europe to broaden the market coverage in that market. We're continuing to add and strengthen our dealer capabilities. We've added parts capabilities throughout really Europe and far into the CIS. And really, the same is true in Brazil and South America, where we continue to add, again, additional dealer locations. And we've had a very significant broadening of the product line, and that's already been reflected if you look at market shares. 
Tony Huegel: Right. And Marie mentioned the distribution network. And in addition to the product, certainly we've talked a lot about continuing to strengthen our distribution network in Brazil. We would say our distribution actually is very strong. And I think you've seen that reflected in the market share gains. As we brought that new product, we've seen those market share gains. And that's reflective of both sides of that equation, and we'll continue to work on those same concepts in Europe as we move forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Wertheimer. 
Robert Wertheimer: It's Vertical Research Partners. Just wanted to circle back to inventory. I mean, you talked about inventory receivables. But if you look at inventory on a standalone, it looks to me like your turns were the worst in kind of 15 years, either forward-looking on sales or backward-looking. And I just wanted to make sure you're not having any production hiccups with Tier 4. Anything else that would explain that? Or maybe I've got the arithmetic wrong. 
Marie Ziegler: There is absolutely no production hiccups with Interim Tier 4. It has gone very smoothly. But that said, year-over-year, Rob, we have a very different look in the first -- where we ended the first quarter in terms of our production. So it is somewhat difficult to make a comparison because last year, you were in very high production. In the first 2 months of the quarter this year, relatively low levels of production because of the significant turnover that we had in our production on combines and on large tractors. 
James Field: So a great example of that, Rob, is if you looked at the Harvester Works. Last year, the schedule was very heavy in the first quarter, which would have drawn down a lot of that inventory. This year, we're facing a schedule that's accelerating as you went into the quarter, which means you're building the inventories. And so obviously, when you look at the end point, you get a different equation. But I would definitely underscore what Marie is saying. As a matter of fact, we're not having any production difficulties. And as a matter of fact, we're very, very proud of what we've been able to accomplish with this major number of new products coming off the line and the efficiency levels of which we completed them with. 
Robert Wertheimer: Okay. I mean, you guys have been great on inventory for a long, long time. It just seemed like an outlier, even relative to the sales ramp. But I hear you. Just one quick follow-up, if I may. Do you have -- I know you don't disclose this quarterly or anything, but the construction mix in geography, it looks like the volumes are back, at least on a quarterly basis, above peak. I know you've gained share and I know you're expanding geographically. I just don't quite know how to think about which of those is, yes, is predominant. 
Marie Ziegler: We are still -- we are not even back to mid-cycle volumes in that division. 
Robert Wertheimer: In the U.S. Okay. 
Marie Ziegler: The forestry business, which is 20% to 25% of the business, as we have said, has been stronger and is taking a little bit of a pot. But the construction business, which the bulk of it is still in the U.S., that's been very weak. It's been recovering from an extremely low level, but they are nowhere near mid-cycle. 
Robert Wertheimer: Okay. It's just a 1Q number, but I get it. 
Operator: Our next question from Andy Casey. 
Andrew Casey: Wells Fargo Securities. Question on the cadence of the outlook for the remaining 3 quarters in ag and turf incremental margin. You're looking for roughly 21% with the numbers that you gave. Is that more back half-loaded than what we'd normally see in Q2? 
Tony Huegel: No, I think you'll see -- I mean, again, our seasonal shipping in ag and turf is returning to a much more traditional pattern this year versus what we would have seen last year. 
Andrew Casey: Okay. And then on construction and forestry. I think in the last call, some of the muted margin expectations were talked about as being caused by production ramp-up. And I'm wondering if you're seeing an impact from the production capacity expansion in international markets this year or if that's more a '13 event. 
Tony Huegel: Yes, most of that is going to be 2013 event when we look outside of the U.S. and Canada. Of course, we have talked about the factory in India is producing. But it's on relatively low levels at this point, but -- and will ramp up as we go through the year. But again, most of that is a 2013 event. 
James Field: From a production standpoint. No, obviously, we're incurring costs related to that geographic expansion, which are in fact being reflected in the '12 numbers, and as I would say, vis--vis steady state has suppressed them somewhat. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Volkmann. 
Stephen Volkmann: It's Jefferies & Company. Actually, I sort of -- I guess, maybe you just answered this, but I was thinking also about all the [indiscernible] that are coming online and some of the costs that are going to be ramping up before you get revenues and so forth. And I guess, I'm wondering, is the margin headwind from that bigger in '13 than it is in '12? And then does it sort of ramp down in '14? Am I thinking about that the right way sort of medium-term? 
James Field: Well, we, of course, aren't going to get into giving a whole lot of guidance. And as it relates to '13, clearly, we have some of the iT4 cost behind us as you look out at '13. But on the other hand, we'll have still the development cost going forward. But our expectation, of course, would be as you bring these factories online, you're going to start generating revenues to cover some of these expenses. And of course, there are some expenses that are initial start-up expenses that do go away. But the aggregate picture of how that all fits together, I mean, I have to be perfectly honest with you. We don't have a good view of that today that we're willing to share. 
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, fair enough. I'll ask it again in a couple of quarters maybe. How about -- and maybe a little -- just a little bit of a follow-up in Europe. I'm kind of stuck by -- thank you, Jim, for the color on the order book in Europe. And clearly, we've seen some strong retail numbers over there recently for the past few months, and your order book looks pretty good. So sort of the flat forecast there, I guess, I'm wondering, are you hearing something from the marketing folks that just makes you nervous about the second half, perhaps? Or is it more just we're not sure what's happening and we want to be conservative? 
Tony Huegel: Well, first of all, the outlook is flat to up 5%. 
James Field: Which has increased from the prior outlook. 
Tony Huegel: And with that, keep in mind, and what Jim was talking to, is our order book. And as we mentioned earlier in the call, of course, with the new products and our drive there in Europe for market share, I think that's just reflecting some of those expectations in terms of our performance versus the overall market. 
Stephen Volkmann: So you're not calling for a deceleration over there. 
James Field: No, no, not at all. As a matter of fact, if you look around in the world, I mean, basically we've got all the markets accelerating, sans South America. And so -- and Europe is the same way. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy. 
Robert McCarthy: It's Robert W. Baird. I wanted to ask about your forecasting for the U.S. and Canada ag market in the context of the discussion about crop receipts, et cetera, and a reversion to more normal yields. But of course, we have an ongoing precipitation issue, particularly in the Upper Midwest but also in Southern Plains. You referred to West Texas cotton. What explicit -- how do you factor that into your forecast? Do you just accept that you can't be a weather forecaster, and so by default at this point in the year, you're going to assume normal yields? Or have you baked something specific into your forecast that could accommodate some pressure on yields because of the low moisture condition that we're looking at? 
Marie Ziegler: Rob, at this point, the only weather impact that we have put in the forecast is the shift down in some cotton acreage, and a little bit of increase in corn as a result because of the drought situation that we have talked about in Texas. But at this time of the year, our practice has been to go with the trend yield because there's a lot of variables yet in the weather that can affect that. So you're really looking at what we would consider to be trend yields. 
Robert McCarthy: Okay. And I just wanted to make sure that I understood. And just a point of clarification. The answer may be obvious, but as I look at your Slide 13 that details your ag and turf industry outlook by region, the first 5 of the 6 bullet points are the core agricultural business. Would it be fair to say that in your plan, you expect to outperform these industry growth numbers in each of those 5 regions? 
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich. 
Jerry Revich: It's Goldman Sachs. Can you say more about the factors that drove 16% lower production than you expected outside U.S. and Canada this quarter? And I'm looking at Slide 27. 
Marie Ziegler: Slide 27, production tonnage... 
James Field: Yes. Well, the first thing, of course, it's 16% on a seasonally weak quarter for our European operations. And the other issue is we had some production shift that's reflected in the overall tonnage that we moved into the second quarter that's affecting some of that as well. But beyond that, Marie... 
Marie Ziegler: There would be a little bit of impact probably from combines out of South America. I think that's well documented. But if you look at the full year forecast for outside U.S. and Canada, it's actually up a little bit. 
Jerry Revich: And did you mention some of that is because of production shift in Europe? Can you say more about that point into the second quarter? 
James Field: It was just that as we got into the schedule for the European operations, there were some units that were moved from late in the quarter to the following month. 
Tony Huegel: So it's just minor -- so it's really minor timing changes within the production. 
Jerry Revich: Okay. And your sales guidance in C&F implies a slower production increase in coming quarters and typical seasonality. Is that just room for upside? Or any specific drivers that you're looking at? 
Marie Ziegler: Again, that reflects iT4 conversions. And remember, you have to shut the line down, then you convert, and then you restart. So you've got some ramp-up through there. 
Tony Huegel: And keep in mind, as compared to last year, in the first and second quarter, we had some increased production as we were moving to the SAP conversion that was right at the end of our second quarter. And so it's really as much a 2011 shift in production as 2012. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Tiss. 
Joel Tiss: Buckingham Research. So I just wondered if you can give us a sense of what's happening to the farmers' break-even costs on corn and on beans. And I'm just trying to gauge how much of an impact a potential drop in crop prices in 2013 might have on volumes. 
Tony Huegel: Sure. And actually, one thing I would cite is if you look at -- there was a University of Illinois study that was done last fall that kind of looked at expected crop price, our input costs and so on, and it was -- they looked at a 1,200-acre farm and the metric they used is in terms of not so much breakeven but making decent money. So at $50,000 net farm income, corn -- the pricing they had on corn was about $3.70 and soybeans would be about $8.50. And that's very consistent with what we would get from Informa Economics, who is our outside consultant. They would say corn in the $3.50 to $3.70 range, farmers still make good money. And soybeans in the $7.50 to $8 range. 
James Field: So lots of headroom vis--vis where prices are today. 
Joel Tiss: Right. Okay, good. And then is there any number you can share with us on the earnings impact from the lower provision for credit losses in the quarter? Is that material? 
Tony Huegel: Yes. I mean, it was in the $4 million range. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashish Gupta. 
Ashish Gupta: Credit Agricole Securities. If we just step back for a second and focus on the long-term, you have 7 new factories and are increasing production capacity at existing facilities. Can you just kind of give us an idea of what you're most excited about in terms of incremental contributions over a multiple-year period? 
James Field: Well, we're excited about several different aspects of it. What we've said is near-term, one of our largest growth opportunities would be kind of Europe, from an SVA perspective. South America, we believe, has plenty of headroom. And we're seeing really pretty good activity starting to be restored in the CIS regions today. And the CIS is all about large ag for us, just in many respects very, very similar to the Upper Midwest. And generally, it's margins that are very, very consistent with the types of margins that we see in the large ag space in North America, so -- and then, we've, of course, announced these factories in Asia. These are large unit volume markets. I think you're looking at something north of 500,000 industry volume in India this year, but of course, a much, much lower ticket per unit. So there's 6 geographies we're focused on around the world, and each of them holds some very interesting and promising opportunities for us. 
Ashish Gupta: Great. And then just a follow-up on the balance sheet quickly. I'm just trying to think about how much incremental cash you guys will have this year to buy back stock. Can you kind of review your balance sheet management and your debt maturity schedule versus your liquidity for 2012? 
Marie Ziegler: Well, our cash flow that we expect to generate from operations is about $3.5 billion. We've talked about the fact that we do have some large debt maturities. That's in one of the schedules in the appendix. Our cash management, we will be positioning ourselves with some amount of cash to make sure that we have a fairly smooth transition as we have to repay those. We've got a very large maturity in the second, and then another one in the third quarter. And quite candidly, we have been doing some pre-funding. You see that reflected in our cash balances, so -- but I mean, we expect to manage very comfortably through it. And I have already demonstrated, by virtue of the amount of cash that we have on, that we will have a smooth transition. 
Operator: Our next question is from Seth Weber. 
Seth Weber: It's RBC. Sorry if I missed this, but the $100 million of additional cost that you've absorbed in the quarter for start-up and overhead, I mean, did you -- can we talk about how that's going to trend through the year? Do expect that to trend down quarterly as we go through the year? Or is that kind of a steady state for the next couple of quarters? 
James Field: Well, right now, the way we see it is that, that would be a heavier headwind in the first half of the year than in the second half of the year. So yes, it does trend down in the second half of the year. 
Seth Weber: Okay, great. And then just to follow up on Latin America. I mean, you guys have done really a nice job taking share there. Have you noticed any kind of competitive response with respect to pricing? Has pricing gotten more aggressive across the industry? Or can you comment on any of that? 
James Field: I would -- it's not our practice really to get into talking too much about what's going on with the competition. But I would tell you that we had positive price realization in South America last year. We're forecasting positive price realization in South America this year. And so -- and we had it in the first quarter. So obviously, there's a lot of competitive dynamics around the globe. But for us, it's about getting market share and getting it in a sustainable way. And if it's through price, it's not sustainable. So I think the fact that we've gotten this price realization is good evidence that we're doing it the John Deere way and the right way and the sustainable way. 
Operator: Our next question is from David Raso. 
David Raso: ISI. Really just one quick question. The costs you said in the first quarter for ag and turf, if I add those back, it implies an incremental margin of 33% and an operating margin at 14.3%. That 33% incremental would be the strongest incremental in a couple of years. So I'm just trying to get a feel for how you look at the underlying profitability of ag and turf. If I look at the full year guidance, you're roughly implying still the same idea of about a 15% ag and turf margin, maybe a tad higher. I'm just trying to get to the underlying business when these costs recede. Should I -- I'm just trying to get my arms around, x those costs, you had a core incremental margin of 33% for the quarter. It just doesn't seem that logical, given a tough comp against the combine production a year ago. 
Tony Huegel: Well, I think, for starters, it certainly -- as we talked about with -- the combines were lower in the quarter, but we did have some strength last year. Our large tractor, the 8000 Series tractor, was lower than normal as we went through conversion in January of last year. And there are other products that have very strong margins as well that we're seeing some strength in this year. 
James Field: But I think if you think about this from a macro perspective, David, I think you are thinking about it more right than wrong. What we've got here is a situation where we're investing a lot around the globe for the future growth of this company. We have these headwinds caused by regulatory requirements. And despite all of that, we're putting up first quarter operating margins on an absolute basis, forget about the incrementals, that are about as good as we've ever had. And so I think we are accomplishing what we wanted to accomplish, which was invest in the growth, invest in what we need to do to bring out a superb iT4 product and maintain very healthy levels of margins. And we've done that, so... 
Operator: Our final question comes from Ann Duignan. 
Ann Duignan: JPMorgan. One of the questions we get a lot from investors is just Deere's mix going forward. As you invest in the rest of the world and the North America high horsepower and combine market maybe matures, the mix going forward may be a negative. Could you just talk about what your expectations are for the mix of product, maybe the mix of margin? I know you won't get into margin in any way detailed. But any color you could give us in terms of what your expectations are from a mix perspective as you expand globally. 
Tony Huegel: Right. Well, I think I'd start -- first of all, as part of that global expansion, we also -- and then our aspirations, we talk about an aspiration of growing our operating margins from roughly 10% at mid-cycle to 12%. So I think that's reflective of our expectation that mix aside, that we'll continue to improve our operating margins as we move forward. And again, as you look at mix, I think you can also look at, yes, we have growth in some regions where you might be more heavily weighted towards smaller ag. But we also have some good growth opportunities in places like Russia and the CIS, which will have certainly a significant large ag mix, not to mention South America and our growth opportunities there. 
Ann Duignan: And just as a follow-up on your outlook for Asia. Asia is very large region. And within it, we have China and we also have Australia and New Zealand. Can you talk about the fundamentals in both of those regions, one versus the other? 
Tony Huegel: In terms of Australia versus in Asia? 
Ann Duignan: Australia/New Zealand versus China. When you give guidance, you just give Asia, which incorporates both. 
Tony Huegel: Right. Well, primarily -- our Asia guidance is primarily being driven by India and China. And so -- and we talked about on the opening comments that India in the tractor industry this coming year, we're looking at about relatively flat tractor industry after 2 very strong growth years and still at very, very high levels. And then certainly, China continues to see some nice growth. In both cases, government is very supportive of the growth of agriculture. So with that, we thank you for call. 
Marie Ziegler: And maybe I'll just summarize quickly. Thank you for joining us today as we talked about an excellent first quarter, excellent prospects for the remainder of the year. And certainly, we've had the opportunity to talk about some of the things we're doing to position ourselves to take advantage of the very exciting tailwinds we have globally. Susan, Tony, I and Christian [ph] will be available for your questions as we move through the day. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-11-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tony Huegel  Director of Investor Relations James M. Field  Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Marie Ziegler  Vice President & Treasurer Susan Karlix  Manager of Investor Relations
Analysts : Ann Duignan  JP Morgan Henry Kern  UBS Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs Andy Casey  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Raso  ISI Group Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays Capital Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets Analyst for [Kim Fine]  Citigroup Andrew Obin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch  
Operator: Welcome to Deeres fourth quarter earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen only until the question and answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. 
Tony Huegel:  Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today well take a closer look at Deeres fourth quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and the outlook for 2012. After that well respond to your questions.  Please note that slides are available to compliment the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.JohnDeere.com. First a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission by Deere and [Thompson Riders]. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call including the Q&A session agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8K and periodic reports filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.JohnDeere.com/financialreports under other financial information. Now, heres Susan.
Susan Karlix : Today John Deere wrapped up 2011 with the announcement of our fourth quarter results. It was an excellent quarter which capped an exceptional year. Profits and sales were the highest ever for a fourth quarter. The improvement was broad based but led by Ag and turf. Our other divisions construction, forestry, and John Deere Financial had dramatically higher results as well. Deeres performance for both the quarter and full year reflected strong customer demand for our products as well as the skillful execution of our business plans which are aimed at expanding our global competitive position. During the year these plans moved ahead at an aggressive rate. We introduced an unprecedented number of products, announced plans for new factories in China, Brazil, and India and invested a record amount in future growth, well over $2 billion of spending for R&D and capital projects. For the year as a whole, John Deere registered its highest ever level of sales, earnings, and cash flow.  Operating margin were an impressive 13% resulting in an equally impressive return on operating assets of almost 30% with inventories at standard costs. We also produced a record amount of economic profit or SVA, $2.5 billion. Thats fully $800 million more of our previous best in 2010. There is simply no better testament to our success in delivering a high level of profit from a lean slate of productive assets. Further, in an endorsement of John Deeres exceptional talent pool, the company again was named Fortune Magazine List of Top Companies for Leadership Development on both a US and global basis. That says something important about our deep bench of top leaders and the sustainable nature of our talent. 2011 was in summary a memorable year. One that positions John Deere for what we see as an even stronger performance in 2012.  Now, lets look at the fourth quarter in detail starting with Slide Four. Net sales and revenues were up 20% to $8.6 billion in the quarter. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $670 million, an increase of 46%. This was the companys eighth consecutive quarter-over-quarter income record. Total worldwide equipment operations net sales were $7.9 billion, up 20% quarter-over-quarter shown on Slide Five. Price realization in the quarter was positive by three points, while currency translation on net sales was a positive two points.  Production tonnage is shown on Slide Six. Worldwide production tonnage was up 13% in the quarter and up 21% for the year in line with our August guidance. Looking ahead to fiscal year 2012 for the company worldwide production tonnage is expected to be up about 16% in the first quarter and up about 12% for the full year.  Lets focus on the first quarter for a minute. The projected tonnage increase of about 16% is against a very tough comparison. In the first quarter of 2011 tonnage was up 41%. In the first quarter of 2012 the US and Canada Ag and turf projected increase in tonnage is a modest 4% versus 39% last year. Last year we had higher production schedules in the first quarter to facilitate the transition into interim tier-4 engine regulations. Combine production in particular was much higher than normal. In the first quarter this year we are transitioning to the new combine models temporarily lowering production capacity. Plus, the new line of combines is heavier than previous models by 10% to 15% on average. If we adjust for the weight and add in the combine mix difference, our US and Canada production tonnage would actually be down slightly in the first quarter, not up 4% as the Slide indicates. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with agriculture and turf on Slide Seven. Sales were up 18% in the quarter. Production tonnage was up 8%. Operating profit rose to $868 million, yielding a 14% operating margin and a 22% incremental margin. Higher shipment volumes and improved price realization benefitted results but were partially offset by increased raw material costs, higher manufacturing overhead costs related to new products and higher research and development expenses. Before we review the industry sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide Eight outlines the US commodity price estimates that underlay our financial forecast. As you can see, US crop prices are forecast to remain strong in the 2012/2013 crop year driven by strong global demand and tight supply. The assumption for more normal higher yields next year accounts for the drop in crop prices in 2012/2013.  Slide Nine highlights cash receipts, in our view the most important drivers of a farmers decision to purchase equipment. 2011 US farm cash receipts were at record levels, over 16% higher than the previous record in 2008. The 2012 cash receipts number is down slightly but still extremely strong on a relative basis. This bodes well for the Ag business.  This outlook for the EU-27 is shown on Slide 10. 2012/13 farm income is projected to remain stable at the high levels recorded in 2011. Note too that the 2014/2020 common agriculture policy budget is frozen at 2007 through 2013 nominal levels providing sufficient income support. We outline some of the economic fundamentals in a few additional targeted growth markets on Slide 11. On Slide 12, farm net income for Brazil and Argentina is shown. Led by strong commodity prices, 2011 farm net income is about $28 billion in Brazil. With input costs rising, higher yields, and volatility in commodity prices due to global economic uncertainty, 2012 farm net income is forecast to be approximately $17 billion. Very strong farm net income by historical standards. In Argentina, farm income is forecast at about $6.4 billion in 2012 due to lower commodity prices and the impact from La Nina.  Our 2012 Ag and turn outlooks are summarized on Slide 13. With farm fundamentals in the United States and Canada still positive, demand continues to be strong especially for high horsepower equipment. Our initial 2012 industry forecast for the region is up 5% to 10%. The EU-27 is projected to be flat with the attractive levels of 2011 as economic concerns in the region dampen positive fundamentals.  Our 2012 industry outlook for the CIS countries is for moderate growth after last years substantial rise. Moving to Asia, we expect sales to be up strongly again this year. Industry sales in South America are expected to be flat in 2012 in relation to the strong levels of 2011. Remember, the industry outlook does not include all cotton and sugar cane equipment, categories in which Deere has a strong market presence. Globally, coming off of 2011s high levels, the 2012 industry outlook is for stable commodity prices and farm income. We expect sound farmer confidence and strong equipment demand.  Turning to another product category, we expect industry retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the United States and Canada to be up slightly in 2012. Putting this all together on Slide 14, many of you joined us in Lisbon this summer where we introduced over 100 new products. Recently, we had the largest product introduction in company history in Indianapolis and weve introduced even more new products elsewhere across the globe. These new products are the direct results of higher levels of R&D and cap ex the last few years.  Those innovative products and the productivity enhancements they offer are continuing to drive increased demand for Deere equipment. Thats a chief reason we see Deere sales of worldwide Ag and turf equipment to be up about 15% in 2012. Currency translation is positive by about one point. Operating margins for the division is forecast at approximately 15% which is very strong performance.  Unprecedented numbers from our 2012 early order programs support this bullish outlook. Aggregate orders are up 30% to 35% over last year excluding the cotton and combine programs. The cotton early order programs started on the first of November is almost full. The combine early program began one August with basically the same terms as previous years. Although we are managing combine availability this year, order activity has been strong as might be expected in the current large Ag environment.  Speaking of combines, Slide 15 focuses on used combine inventory levels in the field. We know this is a topic of interest for many of you and frankly, it is a situation we are monitoring closely and managing aggressively. To set the stage, lets go back to the first quarter of 2011. Typically, first quarter production of combines for the US and Canadian markets is relatively low because we are just past their use season. However, in the first quarter of 2011 we had high production levels. This was part of our transition plan as we complied with the start of interim tier-4 engine omission regulations.  In the US and Canada, nearly all new combine sales come with a trade in. Because production was front end loaded, our dealers accumulated a higher than usual number of used combines in their inventory. These machines typically have higher turnover levels in the fall and as you see in the chart, inventories did indeed decline to nearly the same level of a year ago. In addition, at 31 October, the ratio of our dealer combine inventory to sales of new combines was below the industry. The age distribution of combines was very similar to the industry, a statistic you can check out on www.TractorHouse.com, and used combine pricings was higher than a year ago. We are supporting a further reduction in used combine inventories by carefully managing new combine production schedules as we being out our new combine product line. A decade ago, we started talking about better management of inventories. This meant not only Deere owned inventories but also those of our dealers. Over the past 10 years, you have seen ample evidence of these activities and the significant improvement in returns we are generating from our business.  The way we are currently managing new and used combines is yet another example of the philosophy that better asset management leads to a strong healthy business for Deere, its dealers and our owners. One of the products some of you saw firsthand in Lisbon this year, our new 7280R Tractor shown on Slide 16 awarded the European Tractor of the Year 2012 at the Agritechnica show in Hanover Germany earlier this month. The 7280R has state of the art tractor technology. Other highlights from Agritechnica include the 6R Tractor was named Machine of the Year. DLG, the largest producer group in Europe rewarded Deeres commitment to innovation with five silver medals. John Deere FarmSight which integrates technology equipment to link operators, farm managers and dealers was also highlighted. Our presence at Agritechnica showcased the tremendous impact of John Deere technology helping the company expand its market presence and making customers more productive and profitable.  Lets focus now on construction and forestry on Slide 17. Deeres net sales were up 34% in the quarter while production tonnage was up 37%. The divisions operating profit rose 61% to $87 million helped by higher shipment and production volumes and improved price realization. These positive factors were partially offset by increased raw material costs of about $40 million and higher research and development expenses of about $15 million associated with the divisions global growth initiatives.  On Slide 18, now moving to the economic indicators on the bottom part of the Slide, the underlying fundamentals certainly dont point to strong recovery and economic growth continues at a slow pace. But C&F is benefitting from replacement demand for very aged fleets, improved sales to independent rental companies as well as strength in the energy and Ag related sectors. Also encouraging, Deere dealers continue to see improvement in rental utilization and used equipment markets.  Net sales in construction and forestry are forecast to be up about 15% in fiscal 2012. This follows a 45% increase in sales in 2011 and a 41% increase in 2010, off the extremely depressed levels of 2009. Reflecting caution in Europe, global forestry markets are expected to be flat in 2012 following a 30% plus gain in fiscal 2011 and an increase of about 50% in 2010. The full year operating margin for the C&F division is projected to be about 8%. Slide 19 highlights the October announcement of Deeres entrance to the important Brazilian construction market. Two new construction factories will be built in Sao Paulo state. One factory will be solely owned by Deere for backhoe loaders and four wheel driver loaders. Deere will partner with Hitachi Construction Machinery on the second factory to manufacturer excavators. Construction of the two factories is expected to begin in early 2012 with production in late 2013.  Lets move now to our financial services operations. Slide 20 shows the full year provision for credit losses at an astoundingly low four basis points. This reflects much lower write offs primarily in the construction and forestry and revolving credit portfolios as well as recoveries of prior years write offs and fewer repossessions. Our 2012 financial forecast contemplates the provision for credit losses returning to a more typical level, about 34 basis points as a percentage of the average owned portfolio. For your reference, the 10 year average is about 46 basis points. Moving to Slide 21, worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $122 million in the quarter versus $98 million in 2010. The higher income was primarily due to growth in the portfolio and a lower provision for credit losses. Keep in mind that in last years fourth quarter financial services took a pre-tax charge of about $35 million for the write down of wind energy assets.  Looking ahead, we are projecting worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company of about $450 million in 2012. The decrease from fiscal 2011, when income was $471 million is attributable to the provision for losses returning to more typical levels as well as higher selling, administrative and general expenses in support of enterprise growth initiatives. Growth in the portfolio will partially offset these items. Now, on Slide 22 lets look at receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories ended 2011 up roughly $1.1 billion compared to 2010 and are expected to be about $50 million higher in 2012. These increases reflect our strong market outlook for 2012 in growth in emerging markets including higher parts inventories to support rising equipment populations. Other factors include higher inventory needed to facilitate transitions into interim tier-4 and strong Canadian construction equipment markets. Slide 23 and 24 provide details on October retail sales. Lets turn now to raw material and logistics on Slide 25. Fourth quarter material costs were up about $180 million in comparison with the fourth quarter of 2010. Our 2012 full year forecast assumes an increase of about $500 million versus 2011. About $400 million of the difference is for Ag and turf and about $100 million for C&F.  As we have shared in the past, increases or decreases in Deeres raw materials costs tend to lag by three to six months depending on the particular commodity or type of contract in place. We are encouraged in recent drops in steel prices but they are still above year ago levels, about $100 per ton higher and many forecasts have steel increasing again in the second half of 2012. Our current forecast calls for about two thirds of the $500 million increase in raw material costs to incur in the first half of the year. With about four points of price realization, forecasts for the year we should more than offset the forecast increases. Before moving on to housekeeping items I want to call your attention to the fact that in 2012 the product cost of compliance with interim tier-4 engine regulations will be roughly $475 million higher than in 2011. Looking at R&D expense on Slide 26, R&D was up 18% in the fourth quarter and up 17% for the year 2011. Our 2012 forecast calls for R&D expense to be up about 10%. As stated in previous quarters, R&D spending is expected to remain at high levels for the next few years as we continue product launches with interim tier-4 engines and soon thereafter meet final tier-4 emission standards. Also included in the R&D spend is ongoing new product development expense for our growing global customer base.  Moving now to Slide 27, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up 6% in the fourth quarter. Growth accounted for about three points of the increase. For fiscal year 2011 SA&G expense was up 12%. Growth accounted for about three points. Our fiscal year 2012 forecast calls for SA&G expense to be up about 10% with growth accounting for about four points of the increase.  Moving to the income tax rate on Slide 28, the fourth quarter effective tax rate for the equipment operations was about 36%. Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2011 was about 33%, and our forecast for fiscal 2012 calls for an effective tax rate in the range of 33% to 35%. On Slide 29, you see our equipment operations history of strong cash flow. Following an impressive cash flow performance in 2011, $3 billion, we are forecasting cash flow from equipment operations to grow to about $3.6 billion in 2012. As Slide 30 illustrates, fiscal year 2011 capital expenditures were $1.1 billion primarily driven by investments related to interim tier-4. The increase is also related to new product development as well as our expanded presence in global growth markets. Depreciation and amortization was $590 million with pension and OPEB contributions of $120 million.  On Slide 31, our fiscal year 2012 forecast calls for capital expenditures to be in the range of $1.2 to $1.3 billion. Depreciation and amortization is forecasted at about $650 million with pension and OPEB contributions of about $450 million. Turning to Slide 32, as we begin a new fiscal year we thought it helpful to review our use of cash priorities. Deeres worldwide credit operation provides a strategic advantage in funding customer purchases, but this is true only so long as we can access the credit markets on a cost effective basis.  One of the key elements to this end is maintaining a single A rating which is our top priority. The rating agencies expect 12 months of debt maturities to be covered by cash and/or untapped credit facilities. This also implies appropriately funding our pension and OPEB benefits which we have done proactively and prudently over the years. In fact, at the end of fiscal 2011 the projected benefit obligation of the US core plans was over 90% funded despite a historically low discount rate.  Our second use of cash priority is funding value creating investments in our operations such as the two new construction facilities in Brazil referenced earlier. In fact, in 2011 we announced plan for six new factories in China, Brazil and India. A third priority is to provide for the common stock dividend which we raised twice in the last 12 months. Over time we want to consistently deliver a series of modestly increased dividends while targeting a 25% to 35% payout ratio on average. In this regard, we are mindful of the importance of maintaining the dividend plus not growing it beyond a point that can be comfortably sustained by our cash flow. Share repurchase is our method of deploying excess cash once the previous requirements are met and as long as such repurchase is viewed as value enhancing.  Slide 33, addresses unsecured term debt maturities in 2012, approximately $5 billion. We have prefunded about $1 billion of these maturities reflected in our yearend cash balance. On Slide 34 you see a summary of the amounts returned to investors through share repurchase over the last eight years. During the fourth quarter we repurchased 8 million shares for about $575 million. That brings the total number of shares repurchased in 2011 to about 20.8 million shares for about $1.7 billion. Since 2004 repurchases have totaled about 141 million shares at a cost of $7.6 billion or about $54 a share on average.  Slide 35 summarizes sources and uses of cash flow since we started the share repurchase program in 2004 and began a run of eight dividend increases. Youll not that we have returned over $9 billion of cash to shareholders over this time representing about 58% of the cash generated by operations. This accomplishment demonstrates our focus on delivering value to investors. Putting this all together lets turn to the company outlook on Slide 36. 2012 is projected to be a very good year. Net sales are expected to be up about 15% versus 2011 with positive price realization of about four points and about one point of positive currency translation. Remember, our price realization excludes any interim tier-4 price realizations that we have included in volume.  Net income attributable to Deere & Company is projected at about $3.2 billion in 2012 breaking the $3 billion mark for the first time in company history. First quarter net sales are forecast to be up 16% to 18% compared with the first quarter of 2011. This includes about three points of positive currency translation.  Again, lets focus on the first quarter. The quarter is expected to be quite strong by historical standards. Though income is expected to fall short of 2011 here are a few examples of the items restraining profitability in the quarter. Raw material costs are expected to be about $150 million higher than last years first quarter. Interim tier-4 costs about $110 million higher. The absorption hit should be about $40 million as inventory levels decrease. In the first quarter 2011 inventory levels increased resulting in a benefit of roughly $130 million. Finally, as a percentage increase over 2011 R&D and SA&G expenses are forecast higher in the first half of 2012 than the second half.  We expect four great quarters in 2012 with the pattern of increases and income year-over-year coming in the last three quarters of the year not in the first quarter. In summary, we reported excellent 2011 results, delivering on the investments in R&D, capital, dealer and market development of the recent years. First quarter 2012 will be a good one, although not a record and we anticipate a great full year 2012.  In closing, John Deere enters 2012 on a very strong pace. Were looking for further improvement in the year ahead as a result of some pick up in overall economic conditions and a global farm sector that shows every sign of continuing to charge ahead. Two years ago John Deere rolled out a revised strategy calling for increased growth in profitability. The strategy stresses building on the operational improvements of previous years while investing aggressive in order to extend the John Deere brand to a broader group of customers throughout the world. Our exceptional performance in 2011, exceptional in almost every aspect, provides tangible evidence that we are executing on our plan with the same sort of discipline and rigor that has long been the Hallmark of John Deere. And, it should be pointed out that our achievements took place in the face of tight supply conditions, major new product launches and record investments in our global business.  All-in-all it is clear John Deeres plans for helping feed, clothe and shelter the worlds growing population are on track and moving ahead at an accelerated rate. Thats why were so confident about the companys future prospects and about our ability to deliver enduring value to our investors, customers and other constituents in 2012 and the years beyond. 
Tony Huegel : Now were ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure but, as a reminder, in consideration of others please limit yourself to one question and one related follow up. If you have additional questions we ask that you rejoin the queue.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ann Duignan  JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: I dont really have that many questions, I thought it was a pretty clean quarter a pretty clean outlook. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about the increase in SG&A year-over-year? You called out 4% of the 10% for growth, can you just talk a little bit about what the remainder of the increase is?
Tony Huegel : Growth obviously is the biggest piece of the increase and basically the remainder would be higher marketing expenses in line with higher sales.
Susan Karlix : A little bit of higher incentive comp reflecting our good performance for the full year and a little bit of exchange.
James M. Field : Then the ongoing inflationary increases.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: So no other big majors?
James M. Field : I think the big headline in there is the growth expenditures of the 4% and the rest of it is really the increase marketing expenses related with the volume, normal inflationary increases and those sorts of things.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Then as a follow up, just your European outlook and I think a lot of us were over at Agritechnica last week which was very successful and frankly the BDMA is calling for sales in Europe to be down slightly next year just given the strength this year. How much of an impact are you guys seeing right now from the macro environment on farm sentiment or farmer sentiment in Europe? Or, is it just a little bit of cautiousness as we head into 2012 given the unknowns?
Susan Karlix : We just surveyed our customer base and the feedback is that the mood is pretty good. Its stable with this year and we also see buying intentions as being pretty stable. Clearly, the environment is something that were all watching but there has not been an indication of any major issues at this point affecting farmer sentiment. Again, thats reflected in our flat outlook for Europe.
Tony Huegel : For Deere, the early order programs are very strong as well, theyre up significantly in Europe so shaping up to be a pretty decent year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Henry Kern  UBS.
Henry Kern  UBS: The pricing looks strong, is it possible to give some color by product line or geography?
Tony Huegel : No, Im sorry we dont tend to get that detailed in the pricing. As we said this last year, both divisions are contributing to that positive price realization.
Henry Kern  UBS: In terms of European demand, are you seeing any impact to the credit availability to your customers?
Marie Ziegler : We have not observed any issues yet in credit availability. Again, were monitoring the situation but unlike what happened in 2008 where financing dried up, that is absolutely not been the case.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Tony, can you flesh out for us your comments on new product sales? How much industry outgrowth are you targeting for your business from new product sales and perhaps highlight a couple of the most meaningful pieces?
Tony Huegel : Weve clearly talked about with the new products specifically in Europe. We havent talked specific market share gain goals in Europe but certainly has we roll out additional products and continue to further develop that market we would expect some increase there in market share. I think probably the best thing we can point to in terms of what weve done is we look at Brazil. Weve talked about in the past our expectation to improve share especially on tractors and as you look at it over the fiscal year we ended our fiscal year with tractor market share at 19% which prior year was at 15% market share so a very nice four point gain and that is with positive price realization for the year in Brazil. So I think we would expect to continue that momentum as we move forward.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Tony, the first part of the question when you roll all that up what kind of contribution do you have to your business versus your industry forecast?
Tony Huegel : Well certainly if you roll up all the individual pieces of outlook and you look at what were forecasting, certainly we would expect to outperform the market.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: And in North America your industry forecast implies cap ex share farmer revenue moves higher next year. Can you talk about the drivers of the pick up or is your view shaded by the fact that youre going to have some higher tractor capacity next year?
Marie Ziegler : Our view is certainly shaded by the fact that we have had a very strong early order program as Susan indicated. Many products were up 30% to 35%. Weve seen strong demand for cotton harvesting equipment, we sold out in almost a month or virtually sold out, and even combines theres good demand so we are very encouraged by what we see.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andy Casey  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC.
Andy Casey  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Question on the construction and forestry margin performance in the quarter, outside of the material costs can you talk about the cost headwinds seen in Q4?
Tony Huegel : In addition to the material costs, R&D was up about $15 million and about half of that was related to growth so there and then of course, interim tier-4 costs is about $15 million and SA&G was about $10.
Andy Casey  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Then if we could kind of push that forward into the 2012 outlook, if I go through the math on your comments, it looks like incremental margins is expected to be around 20% in Ag and turf and then kind of mid 12% range in construction and forestry. Is the difference between the two more related to a bigger proportion of product transition costs hitting construction or is there also a drag on SA&G related to the Brazilian expansion.
James M. Field : Probably the big headline item in there is were in the midst of starting up three facilities in India, China and Brazil and with that comes an expense load that the sales end will come later. I will say thats probably the single largest factor that would account for the difference.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Raso  ISI Group.
David Raso  ISI Group: My question relates to price versus costs. One of the concerns folks had out there was about 12 costs and I guess first clarification as how you define price versus cost in what you gave us. The 4% pricing implies about $1.2 billion of price, $500 million of raw and freight higher costs but then when you said $475 also of interim tier-4 costs historically when you have increased features as you call it, and you get a higher selling point for that machine you dont call it price?
Tony Huegel : Correct.
David Raso  ISI Group: So when I look at the $1.2, thats $1.2 in a way versus the $500 million but then when you give $475 Im also going to get a higher selling price that you dont call price but we can define it as we want, how much of that $475 is being recaptured?
Tony Huegel : Effectively with the price realization that were looking at its all covered but as we talked about with interim tier-4 with the large Ag equipment and our large equipment in general were recovering most or all of that in year one. What we have talked about is we move into 2012 we will have some smaller equipment where we will not be covering 100% of that in year one. But obviously when you look at, to your point, the price realization alone covers both the interim tier-4 as well as the material cost increases that we have in the forecast. 
James M. Field : As we said before, our full intention by the time were done with this, is to get all that recovered.
David Raso  ISI Group: Im just talking 12, if you just do the $1.2 and that has to cover all raw and even all the interim tier-4 youve already got $0.35 of EPS growth just from that. But obviously, some of the $475 you think youre going to get back. You said not all of it but is it half, is it $300 million? What kind of number do you think youd get of the $475?
Tony Huegel : I mean most of it, but again keep in mind to your point, the $475 the price increases were talking related to interim tier-4 as we introduce that new product is not included in that four points of price realization. We would count that in volume.
David Raso  ISI Group: Tony, the reason I ask is if you even got say $300 of the $475 and let me define that as price, your price versus cost gives you about $0.85 of earnings growth just recapturing that small amount of the interim tier-4 and your guidance is basically saying $1 to $1.20 of EPS growth.
Tony Huegel : We have not disclosed specifically what were recovering in a given year in interim tier-4 but again, we will recover most of it in year one but not all of it on the smaller product but eventually we will recover that. I just dont have any more I can say to it.
David Raso  ISI Group: You can get to your guidance almost from this price versus cost essentially with no help from volume at all?
Tony Huegel : Okay.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research: I just want to make sure I understood the clarification, you said the first quarter EPS versus last year will be down, and one of the things you cited was $130 million positive absorption in the first quarter of 11 and $40 million negative absorption because of inventory change. Is that correct?
Tony Huegel : First of all we talked about the net income would be lower, we didnt talk to EPS. So just to be clear, but yes thats correct the absorption impact on inventory changes year-over-year is $40 million in the first quarter. 
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research: Year-over-year is $40 million?
Tony Huegel : Correct.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research: You handled most of the used combine issue for us but there was something that we thought allocation would be down 15% to 20% to North America and we thought it would go overseas. Is production relatively flat in combines for the year or up? And is the allocation different around the world? I just want to make sure I understood that?
Marie Ziegler : Actually, were not going to talk about specific products production schedules as is typical, but given the very strong sales outlook, production outlook that we have for the full year I think its fair to assume that the combine changes that youre looking at are probably too high. But beyond that thats what were going to say.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research: The combine production will be up or down in 2012 is what Im really going towards?
Marie Ziegler : I will concede that right now based on what we are seeing we will be down a little bit versus 2011. Thats consistent again with what Susans opening remarks were.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research: Can you help us with the 16% gain in construction equipment sales year-over-year? Whats driving that and theres got to be a good portion in pricing but given the sluggishness thats going on in most of the markets and youve had pretty good recovery the last couple of years, can you help us with some color on how you get 16% upturn in demand this year?
Marie Ziegler : Actually, that was your third question and I am going to ask that you get back in queue on that. Well be happy to talk a little bit about construction and we are looking for replacement demand is really the big driver of what were seeing. Good rental markets, were seeing good activity outside of the US including Canada and some other markets, overseas markets and thats really whats driving that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays Capital.
Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays Capital: In terms of price cost are you seeing better pricing Tony than you would have expected in the market in North America given its so strong? Especially as you go forward, I know youve given us the numbers but is the market continuing to be stronger than people think and that gives you more leverage on pricing?
Tony Huegel : No, I dont know that I would characterize it that way. I think I would simply say that thats part of our normal plans. Weve seen obviously some higher costs. We continue to review from the market perspective and the value that were delivering. We have consistently taken and obtained positive price realization. Actually, if you look over the last decade, weve had over three points of positive price realization on an annual basis over that period of time so its really just a continuation of what weve been doing over the last decade.
Marie Ziegler : Id just like to chime in that when we look at the price of our machines, were really looking at the value that were delivering to our customers and the productivity new features and thats really what drives our pricing decisions. 
Andy Kaplowitz  Barclays Capital: If I could ask you about Latin America or South America, again flat for 2012 when do you guys think sort of the overall market can get better there? I mean obviously its still strong versus historical standards but when do you think we can have growth there? Any color you can give us would be helpful.
Tony Huegel : Sure, and I would say first of all it is a very strong market especially for large equipment so a flat outlook into 2012 bodes well for that year and as I pointed out for John Deere were continuing to outperform the market. The other thing to keep in mind is the outlook really looks at tractors and combine so it doesnt consider product categories like cotton and sugar cane where we have a very good market presence in those products. So again, I think the outlook would imply a very strong 2012 for Brazil.
Marie Ziegler : Maybe one final point, do recall that on the government sponsored MDA program really have reached market saturation and are starting to see small tractor sales decline some as the accessibility under that program  many customers have already taken advantage of that and thats a smaller segment.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Two quick follow up questions, one with regards to mix did you give the mix contribution to the margins on the farm equipment side? Then my second question relates to material costs, I guess Im surprised by the $500 million increase so can you just give a little more color and talk about your assumptions for material costs, steel, etc. for the back half of the year?
Tony Huegel : I would say on the first question I assume youre referring to the large versus small Ag?
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Yes.
Tony Huegel : Its basically flat year-over-year so just like last year we had about a point of positive margin last year relative to the mix large being a healthier portion of the sales and what would typically be the case and this year again, were seeing about a point of margin benefit large versus small Ag so year-over-year its a push. From a raw material perspective, and youre right it probably surprises some people that were looking at $500 million increase and its really mostly related to steel and steel related components but also tires and inbound logistics would also be part of that.  And while steel prices have come down in recent months, it still is as you look at that year-over-year were still about $100 a ton higher year-over-year and really as you look out into the second half of the year obviously thats a little bit tougher to forecast but as you look at some of the analysts that we follow actually have steel prices coming back up in the second half of the year. So as Susans comments indicated certainly the first half of the year will get the bulk of that increase but at this point well still expect to see some increases through the rest of the year. The other thing I would talk to is if you look at when we talk about steel a lot of times we talk about hot rolled steels and plate steel which certainly would impact our construction and forestry division more than Ag, thats been pretty slow to come down but then as you move into tires for example, natural rubber if you look first at pricing late summer 2011 versus 2010 thats still up 15% even though its come down considerably off of peak levels. Synthetic rubber is still up 35% over last summer of 2010. So while prices have come down off the peak theyre still higher than year ago levels.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: On the construction growth forecast maybe can you just give us a little bit of a sense for how much of the growth do you think is expected to come from these second tier rental companies starting to step up? And I think I thought I heard you say that thats started already but if theres any color on who is buying the equipment?
Marie Ziegler : I really would have to repeat what we cited earlier Seth, we dont have comments on any specific independent rental company but theres no question that weve seen a step up in rental activity and we expect to see a further step up in 2012.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: But thats coming from not just the big national guys, its the second tier and independents as well?
Marie Ziegler : Were seeing a broad range of activity. I cant say its all proportional but a broad range of activity.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Then I guess just lastly, any sticking points in the supply chain that you would highlight?
Tony Huegel : As a general rule on a day in day out basis theres always challenges that we work through but nothing thats creating any major issues at this point.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Analyst for [Kim Fine]  Citigroup.
Analyst for [Kim Fine]  Citigroup: I had a quick question first on just following up on IT-4 costs, what did they come in at for 2011 on total?
Tony Huegel : $155 [inaudible].
Analyst for [Kim Fine]  Citigroup: Then with regards to your free cash flow for 2012 being higher than last year, do you envision using some of that to actually pay down debt or do you think youll be able to refinance the maturities mostly in the financial services business as they come due and those the free cash flow can be deployed to other uses?
Marie Ziegler : Our [inaudible] includes portfolio growth and so we would not be in a position to be paying down debt so that would not be a use for our cash flow.
James M. Field : Weve stated that we intend to lever the credit company at 7.5 to 1 and well maintain that kind of leverage.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Andrew Obin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just two short questions, first in terms of your industry forecast for North America for five to 10, what are you implying for the industry production of combine and tractors?
Tony Huegel : That would be all the further we could get to Andrew is the five to 10 for the industry total.
Andrew Obin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But you conceded your combines would be down, would industry combines be down?
Marie Ziegler : Again, weve made the comment that were going to make which is industry overall up five to 10. 
Andrew Obin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The second follow up question is on this absorption on inventory, could you tell us what product this sort of production where you were destocking versus stocking in Q1 of last year versus Q1 of 2012, what that refers to specifically?
James M. Field : We talked a lot about the combines and in the first quarter last year for instance, 30% of the annual production volume was in the first quarter for combines last year. This year it will be more a more normal distribution which would be about 15%. So, thats just one example of some of the products where were doing that and of course you almost would have to go product line by product line. But thats whats causing that absorption hit.
Andrew Obin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But is that fair that combines would be the most significant contributor?
James M. Field : I dont think we want to get into that level of detail on that Andrew.
Marie Ziegler : There were a host of products that were affected by product transitions both this year and last year related to IT-4 and this enormous launch of new products that we have. So it is fair to say that it is broad based.
Tony Huegel : That concludes our call for the day. As always, well be around so we look forward to your questions throughout the day. Thank you.
Operator:  That concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-08-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marie Ziegler - Vice President and Treasurer Susan Karlix - Investor Relations Tony Huegel -  James Field - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC David Raso - ISI Group Inc. Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you, and good morning. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; and Susan Karlix, Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's third quarter earnings and spend some time talking about our market and how we see the fiscal year ending up. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliation to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Now for a closer look at the third quarter, here's Susan.
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Tony. John Deere's strong performance continued in the third quarter of 2011, with earnings climbing 15%. Both earnings and sales were the highest for any third quarter in the company's history. More than that, it was our seventh straight quarter of improved earnings and the fifth straight quarter of record earnings for that particular period. Last quarter's gains were broad-based with all divisions contributing higher results.  As we pointed out in the past, it is significant that our record performance is occurring in the face of certain key markets being in the early stages of recovery. This reflects our success managing costs and assets while enhancing our geographic footprint, enriching our product lineup and above all, helping customers throughout the world to be more profitable and productive.  Now let's look at the quarter in more detail. I'm going to start with Slide 3. Net sales and revenues were up 22% to $8.4 billion in the quarter. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $712 million, an increase of 15% and, again, with our fifth consecutive quarterly income record.  On Slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations and net sales were $7.7 billion, up 24% quarter-over-quarter. Currency translation in the quarter was positive by 6 points, while price realization on net sales was a positive 3 points.  Production tonnage is shown on Slide 5. Worldwide production tonnage was up 9% in the quarter. In response to increased demand, aided by the successful implementation of SAP, construction and forestry tonnage was higher than forecast. For the company, projected worldwide production tonnage is up about 13% in the fourth quarter and up 21% for the full year.  Let's turn to the company outlook on Slide 6. Fourth quarter sales are expected to increase by approximately 20% versus the same quarter of 2010, with positive currency translation of about 4 points. For the full year, projected equipment net sales will be up about 25% compared with fiscal year 2010. This includes about 4 points of positive currency translation and 3 points of positive price realization. Net income attributable to Deere & Company is now forecast to be approximately $2.7 billion in fiscal 2011.  Turning to review of our individual businesses, let's start with agriculture and turf on Slide 7. Sales were up 22% in the quarter. Production tonnage was up 7%. Operating profit rose to $859 million, yielding a 13% operating margin. As we have discussed in the last 3 conference calls, 2011 incremental margins were anticipated to decline as we move through the year. This is borne out with A&T's third quarter incremental margin of 3%.  Of the many factors that affected operating and product costs in the quarter, the primary ones were higher shipment volumes and improved price realization, both of which benefited results. On the negative side, raw material costs were about $165 million higher than a year ago. SA&G costs primarily associated with global growth initiatives, foreign exchange translation and higher incentive compensation expenses, were higher by about $75 million. These factors put pressure on incremental margins.  Before we review the sales outlook, let's look at some of the fundamentals affecting the ag business. Slide 8 outlines the U.S. commodity price estimates that underlie our financial forecast. The forecast was prepared prior to last Thursdays bullish USDA supply-and-demand report. However, for your reference, we have included the latest USDA numbers in this slide. While the USDA's price estimates are higher than ours, its yields as shown on Slide 9 are lower. Thursday's USDA report enhanced the already strong economic outlook for U.S. farmers.  Slide 10 highlights cash receipts, the most important driver of a farmer's decision to purchase equipment. As mentioned earlier, our forecast was completed prior to the USDA report, but we ran its crop price and yield data through our model. Incorporating those numbers in our model resulted in an increase to crop receipts of about $5 billion in 2011 and about $12 billion in 2012. Of course, the same increase would apply to total gross cash receipts. 2011 U.S. farm cash receipts are at record highs, and 2012 is near record, boding well for the ag business.  Deere's outlook for the EU 27 is shown on Slide 11. Farm income and the future prospects for farming in the EU 27 are positive. Grain, beef and milk prices remain at good levels due to global demand and beef supply shortages. 2011 margins for the arable farmer are expected to be strong. Used equipment levels are low, and farmers are increasing their purchases of agricultural equipment. Weather, though, has slightly tampered our near-term outlook. In May we discussed abnormally dry weather. Now, abundant rainfall in parts of Eastern and Western Europe is hampering the harvest and impairing grain quality.  Slide 12 highlights the new products introduced in Region 2, which includes the EU 27 and CIS markets in June. Many of you joined us in Portugal and were a part of the over 6,000 participants from 57 countries, who saw more than 100 new products that will be available to these growing markets in 2012. Pursuant to this introduction, about 80% of the over 140-horsepower tractor model and combines are new or updated, and we have an enhanced portfolio of farm implements.  Products and technologies are important contributors to our success, but the dealer is critical. Especially when combined with so many exciting new products and technologies, the dealer of tomorrow's strategy puts Deere in a strong position heading into 2012.  Now turning to a different part of the world, farm net income for Brazil and Argentina is on Slide 13. Led by increases in sugarcane and soybeans from 2010 levels, the 2 crops that drive the bulk of equipment purchases in Brazil, farm net income is now expected to be about $20 billion in 2011. The about $6 billion decrease since our last forecast is accounted for by higher input costs, lower though still strong international commodity prices and the Brazilian currency strengthening against the U.S. dollar. Nevertheless, Brazil's 2012 income is expected to improve to about $21 billion, which would be slightly more than this year's record of about $20 billion. In Argentina, farm income is forecasted at about $8 billion in 2011 and about $8.4 billion in 2012 due to high commodity prices.  Our 2011 ag and turf industry outlooks are summarized on Slide 14. Fundamentals in the U.S. and Canadian farm sectors remain robust. Our industry forecast of up 5% to 10% is unchanged from last quarter. Based on weather conditions cited earlier, the EU 27 is now projected up 10% to 15% for the year.  In the CIS, farm income is expected to increase in 2011 on the heels of significantly higher levels of production and grain prices. Also, milk and beef prices are expected to remain at high levels. Russia continues to take actions to support the ag sector. Just to name a few, fertilizer seed and livestock subsidies and fixed diesel prices are in place. There is increased support for the ag modernization program, and loans and subsidies are being directed to last year's drought regions. All these factors, coupled with an easing in financing availability, enable us to expect notably higher industry sales in 2011.  Moving to Asia. We continue to expect sales to rise sharply again this year.  Industry sales in South America are now expected to be down about 5% in 2011 in relation to last year's strong level. Underlying economic fundamentals for the region are strong, but trade policies in Argentina continue to restrict sales. Our industry forecast has been adjusted to reflect strength in the large ag sector, which partially offsets the weakness in the small tractor market in Brazil. Deere expects to outperform the industry in the region as a result of the success of new products introduced last year, as well as the ongoing investment in our dealer network and our presence in cotton and sugarcane equipment.  Turning to another product category, after rising about 15% in 2010, we expect retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada to be about flat in 2011. Our new line of utility vehicles continues to be extremely well accepted in the marketplace.  Putting this all together on Slide 15. Deere's sales for worldwide ag and turf are now projected to be up about 21%. Currency translation is positive, about 4 points. Operating margin for the division is forecast at about 14%.  Before moving on, we'd be remiss not to mention the progress of our early order program. Response to our 2012 early order programs for air seeding, sprayers, planters and tillage equipment have increased significantly from the healthy levels experienced in the same period last year.  Slide 16 focuses on our Interim Tier 4 compliant 8R tractor, a story we like to talk about. The 8335R is the first row-crop tractor ever tested in Nebraska to break through the 300 PTO or power take-off horsepower barrier. The tractor delivered record-breaking power, while maintaining industry-leading fluid efficiency. In the 75% of total at maximum power draw bar test, the IT4 engine in the 8335R delivered 15.45-horsepower hours per gallon. This is better fuel efficiency than the 8320R it replaced and up to 28% more efficient than competitors' official results for their Tier 3 tractors. These are outstanding results, which we believe validate our single-fluid EGR engine design.  Let's focus now on construction and forestry on Slide 17. Deere's net sales were up 34% in the quarter, while production tonnage was up 20%. The division's operating profit rose 67% to $110 million, helped by higher shipment and production volume and improved price realization. These positive factors were partially offset by increased raw material costs of about $30 million and higher selling, administrative and general expenses. The SA&G increase included higher incentive compensation expenses, in line with improved operating performance. C&F incremental margin was about 13%.  On Slide 18, from very low levels of the last few years, net sales in construction and forestry are now forecast to be up about 45% in fiscal 2011 following last year's 41% increase. C&F is benefiting from improved sales to independent rail companies as well as strength in the energy and ag-related sectors. Also encouraging, Deere dealers continue to see an improvement in rental utilization and used-equipment market.  Global forestry markets are expected to build on last year's big gains. The industry was up about 50% last year. Our current forecast calls for a further increase in 2011 of 25% to 30%. The full year operating margin for Deere's C&F division is projected to be about 8%.  Now moving to the economic indicators on the bottom part of the slide. Fundamentally, economic growth has been slower coming out of this recession than in previous ones. The havoc we've seen in the financial markets over the last few weeks have added further elements of uncertainty, while economic indicators continue to deteriorate. The numbers shown are global insight for August forecast. It is likely these figures will change over the next couple of months, as recent events are processed and forecast numbers begin to stabilize.  Let's move now to our financial services operations. Slide 19 shows the annualized provision for credit losses at 8 basis points as a percent of the total average owned portfolio at the end of July. The 2011 full year credit loss forecast is now about 15 basis points. That's down about 8 points from our last forecast and around 30 points lower than 2010. This reflects much lower write-offs, primarily in the construction and forestry portfolio. We're also seeing fewer repossessions. And on the repossessions that are taking place, we are experiencing better pricing and improved recovery rates.  Moving to Slide 20. Worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $126 million in the quarter versus $102 million last year. The higher income was primarily due to growth in the portfolio and a lower provision for credit losses. Looking ahead, we are now projecting worldwide financial services net income attributable to Deere & Company of about $460 million in 2011.  Now on Slide 21, let's take a look at receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories were up roughly $1.8 billion compared to a year ago, and are expected to be about $775 million higher for the full year. The increases are primarily attributable to growth in emerging markets including higher parts inventories to support rising equipment population, as well as higher inventory to facilitate the transition to Interim Tier 4, stronger European, CIS and construction equipment market and currency movement. Now let's discuss the latest on retail sales. Slide 22 presents the product category detail in the U.S. and Canada for the month of July expressed in units. Utility tractor industry sales were down 8%, Deere was down less than the industry. Row-crop tractor industry sales were up 11%, Deere was up more than the industry. Four-wheel drive tractor industry sales were up 5%, Deere was down a single digit. Combine industry sales were down 25%, Deere was down more than the industry.  Regarding combines. Our shipping patterns this year are front-end loaded in preparation for the transition to Interim Tier 4. This is a different pattern than we normally see. Looking at Deere dealer inventory in both row-crop tractors and combines, Deere ended July with inventories at 18% of trailing 12-month sales.  Turning to Slide 23. In the EU 27, sales of John Deere tractors and combines were up double digits in July. Deere's retail sales of selected turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada were up double digits in the month. Construction and forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada on both a First-in-the-Dirt and settlement basis were up double digits for the month.  Let's turn now to raw material and logistics on Slide 24. Third quarter material cost were up about $195 million in comparison with the third quarter of 2010. Our full year forecast assumes an increase of about $700 million versus last year. About $600 million of the difference is for ag and turf, and about $100 million for C&F. This is an increase from our previous guidance reflecting higher steel, tire and logistics costs. Although steel prices have trended down recently, Deere's steel costs lag market movement by about 3 to 6 months. With about 3 points of price realization forecast for the year, we will roughly cover the raw material cost increases.  Looking at R&D expense on Slide 25. R&D was up about 22% in the quarter. For fiscal 2011, R&D expense is forecast to be up about 17%. As stated in previous quarters, R&D spending is expected to remain at high levels for the next few years, as we approach significant product launches with Interim Tier 4 engines. And soon thereafter, meet Final Tier 4 emission standards. Also included in the R&D spend is ongoing new product development expense for our growing global customer base.  Moving now to Slide 26. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 14% in the third quarter. Growth accounted for about 5 points of the increase and currency translation was about 4 points. Incentive compensation, in line with our improved financial performance, accounted for about 3 points. Of the approximately 13% increase in SA&G expense forecast for the year, incentive compensation will account for about 3 points, with currency translation and growth accounting for about 2 points each.  Moving to the income tax rate on Slide 27. The third quarter effective tax rate for the equipment operations was about 34%. In 2011, our effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 33% to 35%.  On Slide 28, you see our equipment operation's history of strong cash flow. We anticipate cash flow from equipment operations of about $2.7 billion in fiscal 2011.  As Slide 29 illustrates, for 2011 capital expenditures are expected to be about $1.1 billion, primarily driven by investments related to Interim Tier 4. The increase is also related to new product development as well as our expanded presence in global growth markets. Depreciation and amortization for 2011 is expected to be about $600 million, with pension and OPEB contributions of about $125 million.  Finally, turning to Slide 3. You see a summary of the amounts returned to investors through share repurchase over the last 7 years. During the third quarter, we repurchased 5.9 million shares for about $500 million. That brings the total number of shares repurchased since 2004 to about 133 million shares at a cost of about $7 billion or almost $53 a share on average.  In closing, John Deere is on the home stretch of what CEO, Sam Allen, calls a year of exceptional achievement. Our strong performance is providing healthy momentum for the company's growth plans, which center on expanding our competitive position throughout the world. We firmly believe this record of aggressive investment puts the company on a sound footing to address the world's increasing need for food, shelter and infrastructure. And we remain confident these positive trends have staying power, apart from the global economic concerns of the moment, and will prove rewarding to our investors and other stakeholders over the long haul. Tony?
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Susan. Now we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jerry Revich.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It's Goldman Sachs. Tony, can you talk about where you see industry sales in CIS and Russia this year relative to the 2008 highs? Sounds like we're seeing a very sharp recovery off a low base. I'm wondering if you could just put that in perspective for us versus '08.
Tony Huegel: Right. And certainly we've talked about the fact that Russia is up strongly. But 2008 were very strong levels and I would -- certainly, we're not back at those levels.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And just ballpark, where are we relative to those levels roughly? Can you comment on that?
Marie Ziegler: It's Marie, Jerry. We'll actually have an analysis for you as we complete the fourth quarter. But we don't have that exact detail available at this moment.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And on the working capital increase, can you talk about which emerging markets are you most constructive on heading into next year? Is it primarily Russia and CIS, or are you turning more constructive on Brazil as well?
Tony Huegel: Well, keep in mind, I mean, the increase in receivables and inventory, for starters, really is in line with what the increased market that we're seeing this year. And while they're up year-over-year on a percent overall in '12, really are actually below last year's levels. So it's really more a reflection of current market.
Marie Ziegler: And if I could just add on to that, as you are well aware, we've had a significant launch, a number of new products in Europe. Last year, we launched a bunch of new products in Brazil. We've got a large number of products available coming out in the U.S. So we really see good global opportunities for ag, really, well, globally throughout the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: ISI. My question's on margins, but I guess I first need a clarification. Did you say ag and turf margin is 14% for the full year and construction 8%?
Marie Ziegler: Yes.
Tony Huegel: Yes. That's what the guidance would imply, yes.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: Because it seems like your net income guidance for the fourth quarter is roughly a 20% decline sequentially. But the segment profits are implied only down 5%.
Marie Ziegler: We don't do any of our comparisons, David, just as a reminder, sequentially, because you've got an awful lot of noise in variability quarter-to-quarter. If you look year-over-year, obviously, we are looking for an improvement over our fourth quarter results. I mean, you can do the math, it's about 100 -- in round numbers, $100 million.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: No, no, I appreciate that. But unless there's an odd translation from your segment profits to your P&L, and there's always a bit of a difference, why would your net income guidance sequentially be down 20%, when your operating profit guidance is only down 5%? I mean, theres a little lower credit income assumed fourth versus third. My question's around margins but that's a clarification, I think, I would first need to begin, why such a divergence between your business segments and...
Marie Ziegler: We'll have to go offline and you'll have to talk about your numbers. I'm not following.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. Well, then let me proceed with the bigger question on the margins. The incrementals, obviously, this quarter were pretty low, especially in ag and turf. You highlighted some of the costs that were driving that. How should we be thinking about which of those costs are things that evolve away because the new product ramp goes away? It may be a better raw material issue. And how much is it a mix issue related to the geographic divergence we're seeing from slower growth in North America ag versus the other regions? How should we be thinking about that, kind of in summation for thinking about incremental margins for that division?
Tony Huegel: You're talking about in this specific quarter or for the year?
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: The 3% incrementals for the third quarter, and which of those costs, the cost you feel -- how should we think about incrementals for that division if you just put up a 3% essentially?
Tony Huegel: Right. And certainly we talked all year about the headwinds and the tougher compares, as we move into and further into the year. And really, that's what you're seeing with that 3% incremental margin. If you look at comparable to last year, and keep in mind we're at 13% absolute margin but we're comparing to a 16% margin a year ago. And so thats part of the challenge is to compare year-over-year, as well as the headwinds we've cited, in particular raw material and in our Tier 4 costs, would be heavier and more back-end loaded in the year. And we've talked about that again throughout the year, and that's really what you're seeing reflected in the numbers.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: Sure. And that's how we got to today's 3%. But looking forward, you have raw materials as roughly 2/3 of the total costs you cited. Because if you add those 2 pieces back to raw and then the SG&A and the FX and the incentive comp, the incrementals will read as 24. But still, some of those costs don't go away. How should...
Tony Huegel: Exactly.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: Yes. So how should we be thinking about, for example, the SG&A growth-related expenses? How much were those? The raw material, with the Tier 4 pricing upcoming, versus the costs to create the Tier 4 product, how are we thinking about price versus costs moving forward? I'm just trying to frame it, because obviously the 3% -- are you trying to insinuate that's how we should think about incrementals going forward? I would assume not.
Marie Ziegler: This is Marie, David. For the year, we're going to have another tough compare as we go into the fourth quarter. But as we look out into the future in 2012, you are correct that some of the large ramp-up in R&D expenses will be behind us. We don't see R&D heading down. But we will have completed, as we move into model year 2012, we will have completed a very significant product launch. I do want to go back to the very beginning. You asked about geographic mix. The issue is not geography. But this year, we do see a recovery in smaller ag equipment. So if we are looking year-over-year, and this is true for the full year as well as in the quarter, the mix of large ag is proportionately a little less as you've seen recovery in smaller ag segments. And so mix, in terms of operating margin, is about 1 point.
James Field: This is Jim Field. So let me first come back to your first question and add just a little more color also to your second question. And clearly, we'll take your first question offline and I'll let the IR staff provide you with more details. But as you know, sequentials are very hard to do in this business because of the fluctuating production levels. And the fourth quarter, historically, is our seasonally weaker quarter from a production standpoint, and a quarter where we have many of our factories taking shutdowns for various purposes. And so therefore, we don't tend to look so much at sequential views of the business. And it's very, very -- it can be extremely misleading depending on how we line up production one year versus another year. But clearly, we have a pattern of drawing down inventories and receivables in the fourth quarter, which generally would be, on a sequential basis, a negative drag on net income. Having said that, well have the crew get with you and understand your analysis, and we'll be more than happy to share with you ours, ours with you. Relative to the incremental margin question, I think we've said for some period of time that it's our intention over a longer period to recover material costs ops when we have them as well as to recover the costs ops related to the IT4 implementation. And in any given period, there's going to be distortions because that's not going to be totally aligned. And I think as we shared with you last year, we were in a favorable price situation and we actually had material costs declining. And so it's hard when you look at any particular quarter. But when you want to think about incremental margins for this period of business over a longer period of time, I think you can think about the incremental margins that this company has historically enjoyed and have every expectation that we'll enjoy those sorts of incremental margins going forward. In fact, if you were to look at our incremental margin picture over a longer period, which would normalize some of these distortions, you'd see incremental margins for instance from the '09 to the '11 period that would be more in the 20s, mid-20s, 22 to 25 depending on the period that you looked at for the business that we're talking about, which would be much more in line with your expectations. So the long-winded way of saying there's lots of noise and lots of moving parts here in any particular quarter. And I know you're not suggesting this, but actually just asking for further clarification, it would be a wrong assumption to think that these were the sorts of incremental margins that we would enjoy over a longer period of time. So with that, thanks for the questions, and we look forward to getting with you on your analysis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Longbow Securities. Markets are the thing that probably would drive us most to try to figure out. And this quarter and ag came in roughly 13.5, it looks like you're 100 basis points below expectations across the board. And with keeping margins at 14% you're implying -- it looks like with tonnage also down, that you're implying that the fourth quarter is somewhat better than maybe we would have expected at the end of the second quarter. Can you give us, one, what costs were worse in this third quarter than you expected? And can you talk a little bit, is the fourth quarter somewhat better than you expected and are the costs a little bit different, a little bit better? Can you give us some color on what's going on in costs and behind both, between the third and fourth?
Marie Ziegler: Maybe I should just start, Eli. As you know, we do not do quarterly guidance. So I can't speak to your expectations. I can speak to our expectations, where as we've discussed over the course of the year starting in the fourth quarter, that as we moved into 2011, we would have more difficult comparisons and that we anticipated by virtue of our full year guidance that those incremental margins would decline. Again, Tony talked about some of the reasons: Raw material headwinds; the very significant launch of IT4, which is affecting R&D, it affects our factory productivity. We had talked earlier in the year about -- over the course of the year $100 million in costs just related to the very significant number of new product launches. We have product launch expenses every year. But just because of the sheer volume of expenses, it's a more significant cost. As we move through the quarter, Jim talked -- excuse me, through the year, Jim talked about absorption and some of the effects there.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: I guess what I'm trying to get at is, can you talk about what the cost in the third quarter that were maybe somewhat higher than you expected? And as you gave guidance for the fourth quarter, are some of the volume and costs somewhat better than you would have thought about a quarter ago?
Marie Ziegler: The only item that has changed from our previous guidance in a material way is raw material, which is about $100 million in round numbers increase from our implied previous guidance. That affected certainly the third quarter and it will affect the fourth quarter. That's the only thing that is significantly changed.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: I mean, for example, your guidance for the Japanese impact is much lower now.
Marie Ziegler: That is correct.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: That makes you the better [indiscernible]
Tony Huegel: Eli, our guidance before was for the balance of the year and now we're heading into the fourth quarter. Now we didn't split that guidance, but that -- you'd be wrong to -- and I'm not assuming you have, but you'd be wrong to assume that its the delta between strength at the top line and the full 300 and the 70.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Well, I'll talk offline. Let me just, a quick follow-up, with the new introduction of IT4 equipment or more models to be given -- talk anymore about what the pricing of those products are? We expect you have a new rollout coming out in this country. Can we talk a bit about the pricing of the new IT4 products coming out?
Tony Huegel: Yes. The new products have not been announced at this point. Of course, we're in the midst of a new product introduction here in the U.S. and Canada, so that should be coming soon. But at this point, we don't have that information.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jamie Cook.
Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG: Crdit Suisse. Just a couple of questions. One, and I apologize if I missed this, can you quantify what the Tier 4 costs were in the third quarter? And whether the [indiscernible] for the full year still holds? I'm just trying to get a feel for the impact of their Q3 versus Q4. And then also can you provide an update on the SAP transition in C&F, how many weeks you were shut down this quarter and how we think about it in Q4?
Tony Huegel: Right. And for Interim Tier 4 costs, our guidance is now at $165 million and that had been...
James Field: It's a $160 million.
Tony Huegel: I'm sorry, it's $160 million. I'm sorry.
James Field: Which is more or less in line with prior guidance.
Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG: But how much was in the third quarter?
Marie Ziegler: About $45 million, and then we've got about -- but bluntly, that implies about $75 million in the fourth quarter.
Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And then the next question -- sorry, the next question?
Tony Huegel: Yes. On SAP, that implementation actually went very well, pretty much as planned and we talked about previously. It was about a week in the second quarter that the production was shut down then a full week -- effectively 2 weeks in the third quarter. There was a full week of shut down. And then as things ramped up, that equated to about another week of product shutdown. So again, it went very well as planned.
Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG: And just -- sorry, one follow-up question. When I think -- everyone's trying to ask the question about incrementals longer-term, as I think about the puts and takes for next year, R&D won't -- maybe on a dollar basis is the same but it's not going to be up as a percentage-base. We're not going to have the Tier 4, which is about $160 million. Are there any other things directionally we should be thinking about, big-ticket items in 2012, whether it's pension? Anything else that we can think about without you guys specifically guiding I guess to incremental?
Tony Huegel: Well, first of all, I would speak to the Interim Tier 4 costs, I don't think it would be correct to assume that that's going to be level year-over-year because we have a significant number of models that will be introduced for the 2012 years. Plus, you have a sequential increase as you move into 2012, as we've introduced throughout the year. You'll have a full year of cost on this year's model versus partial year in 2011. So again, year-over-year, I think you should expect to see Interim Tier 4 product costs increasing through 2012 and, quite honestly into 2013, as we have again the sequential partial year in 2012 on some of these new products that will have a full year of production in 2013.
Marie Ziegler: And I also will say that we are mindful of those costs as we think about our price and on the products. I would just note that the costs of compliance of IT4 are not that dissimilar between a big piece of equipment and a little piece of equipment relative to the cost of the equipment. So in not all cases will we achieve pricing parity, if you will, in year one. But we certainly are very committed to achieving pricing parity, if you will, over time.
Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG: So that's a headwind next year, but you haven't addressed the other -- like is pension a headwind next year? You said R&D is going to be level. I'm just trying to think about puts and takes.
Marie Ziegler: If you looked at price pension today and looked at where the interest rate environments are, you may have maybe another $50 million of pension.
James Field: 50 bps would be about $80 million, so $75 million to $80 million.
Marie Ziegler: Between pension and OPEB.
James Field: Between pension and OPEB. But of course, as you know, Jamie, you set those rates based on the last day of the year and where the yields are at that point in time. But if we had to look at it today, we'd be looking at 35 to 50 basis points decline, which would be somewhere between $50 million and $75 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Volkmann.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: It's Jefferies. Just a couple of clarifications if we could. I think when you were talking about your U.S. farm cash receipt forecast for 2012, if I heard you right, you marked that to market sort of versus the recent USDA numbers and said that would add $12 billion to the forecast. Am I hearing that right?
Tony Huegel: If you took the USDA estimates that came out last week, and specifically their yield estimates and their price estimates, we ran that back through our model and that would increase about $12 million for 2012 cash receipts -- billion, I'm sorry.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Right. Okay. Good. And then the comment you just made on the -- sorry?
Tony Huegel: I would just add that's only updating our model for those 2 items, the yield and price.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Understood. Second quick thing, Jim, you just made a couple of comments on pension. But I think you were speaking just to the discount rate and not to the return on planned assets. Am I correct on that?
James Field: That's correct. That was just on the discount rate side of it. And the return on the planned assets, you get into some smoothing techniques and what you're in. Any individual return is and then the corridor. But historically, most of our volatility is being driven more so by the exchange rate rather than the return assumption. Return assumption proved over longer periods to be very, very dependable.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Great. And then just quickly we've talked, I think on a couple of calls, about the used combine market. And it looks like new combine sales are sort of one of the weaker spots. And maybe that's an availability issue, I don't know. But is there anything in the used combine market in North America we should know about?
Tony Huegel: Well, it's important to note that in the quarter, used combine inventory did go down in the quarter as expected. And again, keep in mind, as Susan talked about at the beginning in her opening comments, our shipping patterns in combines are different this year, much more heavily loaded toward the first half of the year versus the second half. So that's some of what you're seeing in the retail numbers as well.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So you're not worried about the used combine market, I guess?
Marie Ziegler: We're continuing to monitor it. But things are -- used equipment prices are holding or are up slightly. Turnover continues to be extremely good. So we're monitoring it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: JPMorgan. Can you talk a little bit about this whole Nebraska test, and why you emphasized horsepower and fuel efficiency per horsepower as opposed to just miles per gallon? Can you just give us a little bit more detail there and talk us through apples for apples. What's the net result? You were operating equipment that was more fuel efficient than your competitors. Your competitors thought that their SCR engines will be more fuel efficient than yours? Just a little bit more color on that slide. It seems like you were trying to get a message across to us there.
Tony Huegel: Well, certainly, I think it's just a continued message on the successful launch of that 8R tractor. And again, as we talked throughout the year that we felt very comfortable and we're excited about the fuel efficiency on that tractor, and that we would wait until that official Nebraska test was completed. And it validated our assumptions. I mean we've had, as you pointed out, the most fuel-efficient tractors in the market in the past. And this tractor is actually more fuel efficient than its previous model, and also delivering more power. And keep in mind, that's just at the test level. The other thing this tractor brings is improved telematics that enables the farmer/customer to be able to evaluate how that tractor is operating in the field and further optimize performance and profitability. And thats hard to test. It doesn't come through in the testing, but again adds additional efficiency to that farmer's operation.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So does this mean that this tractor is even more fuel efficient than your competitors' products are? Or have theirs not been tested yet and net-net, you'll still have the same gap?
Tony Huegel: My understanding is the competitor equipment has not gone through the official Nebraska test.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And secondly on the whole GPS issue, can you talk a little bit -- we've gotten a number of questions this past quarter or so around the GPS interference and the total net that could take place out there in terms of interference with particularly agriculture equipment and also construction equipment. Can you just update us on what's going on there, a little bit of background and what Deere's position is right now?
Tony Huegel: Sure. And certainly, we're continuing and have been closely monitoring the development. And it's really around the LightSquared Network and actively working on making sure that by ourselves and with others, many others who are concerned about the potential interference of GPS, specifically, what that could mean to our customers, who obviously, we just talked about the telematics and so on in this new 8R tractor. Many of our customers use high-precision GPS systems, both in ag as well as construction and forestry. And so we're clearly staying on top of that and making sure that our concerns are expressed.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And what's the time line? When should we expect some kind of finalization or ruling?
Tony Huegel: Yes. August 15 was the deadline for filing responses to the FCC. They have not clearly stated when they will announce any decisions.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And just finally, real quick. You gave us an update on early order programs on some smaller equipment like tillage equipment. Have you started the early order program for tractors and combines? And if yes, how are those going?
Tony Huegel: Yes. The combine early order program started August 1, so it's very early. And of course, last year, it would have been in the 1st of July. So it's not easy to compare. And the delay was really related to the new product that has been introduced. But certainly so it's very early in terms of feedback. But at this point, we're very pleased with the response to that early order program at this point and, unfortunately, don't have much else to say on that. We'll, obviously, have a better update at fourth quarter.
Marie Ziegler: I might just note, Ann, that we just started introducing this product to our dealers. So it's very, very early. Hence, again, the reason for the start 1 August instead of 1 July. And regarding tractors, we don't actually do early order programs on tractors. We just traditionally have an ordering book. And on the 8000's, I believe, the availability is December.
Tony Huegel: December.
Marie Ziegler: We have a little pattern, a different pattern this year. Again last year was pretty significantly impacted because of the model year transition. We actually had a little longer wait last year, but that had to do with the model transition. Order book continues to -- frankly, it's very good there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Wells Fargo Securities. Jim, just wanted to make absolutely sure I understand your comments about the longer-term ag and turf incremental margin performance. Is that basically suggesting we should expect ag and turf margins are not really peaking out at 14%?
James Field: Well, I wasn't necessarily addressing where they might peak as much as addressing the notion that when you look at any individual quarter, that we're going to have a lot of noise. And so when you look at the incrementals, why we go through this transition, as we've said, we fully intend to recover the costs of the implementation of the IT4. But any particular quarter, we're going to have noise in that. And that will be recovered over a longer period. Now we have an aspiration at mid-cycle, when our businesses are at mid-cycle, and that includes all aspects of the business to achieve a 12% return, and when they're at the top of the cycle at 14.5% operating margin. Now weve said this year for instance we have -- we're benefiting by about 1 point vis--vis normal mix because large ag is a larger piece than normal relative to small ag. So hopefully, that provides some clarification on your question. But if not, come back.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Sure. I'll follow up later. But on a separate question on construction and forestry. You talked about the uncertainty of the overall economy and what's going on, on construction activity forecasts. This year, the U.S. industry has pretty much benefited from replacement demand. Just I'm wondering in your conversations with the rental companies, do you still expect CapEx trends to increase over time, meaning calendar '12. Or are you generally expecting kind of flattening because of the uncertainty? I'm just wondering about the duration of the fleet refresh that's going on.
Marie Ziegler: In their conference calls, they've indicated that they intend to take their average fleet ages down, and maybe that's the best indicator there.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Sure. So no change in the short term?
Marie Ziegler: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: BofA Merrill Lynch. Yes, when we look at your inventory increase in the ag and turf division, any way just to break it down by key market product line, as to what are we getting ready for? Meaning is it -- I mean, I understand you gave a very broad description of why you're doing it, but how much would it -- if you could just simply break it down how much of it is for North America and how much of it is Europe, and maybe if any of it is combines?
Tony Huegel: Yes. We don't have a specific geographic breakdown. But if you look at the end of July, as we evaluate the receivables and inventory, we would say it's roughly, 1/4 of that increase would be related to parts inventory. Another 20% would be related to BRIC countries and the growth in those countries. Exchange was actually another 15% and then another additional 15% related to Interim Tier 4, and that includes engine bunkering as we move forward.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: And if I could ask a follow-up question on combines. Given that you sort of modified your production in the quarter, how far along do you feel you are in the process of sort of fixing this excess inventory of combines that we had on the channel at the end of the spring?
Tony Huegel: We've talked about the level of combines are, certainly, on an absolute level at high levels. It's come down again in the quarter, as we've expected. So we're continuing to work on that. We have programs in place. We've talked about the pool funds and the availability there to help with that. And so, again, at this point, we've seen positive pricing year-over-year on used combines, as well as turns continuing to hang in there.
Marie Ziegler: Remember, Andrew, that our new combine sales are very much front-end loaded this year because of the transitions between IT4 and Tier 3 production and the timing of the emissions regulations. So front-end loaded, when you sell a new combine, in virtually almost all cases, you get a used combine in. So that accelerated the combine inventories. As we moved into the fall, we expected to see those things start to move. And as Tony indicated, we are starting, still early, but we are starting to see the first indications that those things are moving.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: And IT4 products will be available when for combines?
Marie Ziegler: Model year 2012.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: Which is what month, sorry?
Marie Ziegler: I don't know exactly when they ship. It will be sometime early in the fiscal year.
Operator: Our final question comes from Henry Kirn.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: It's UBS. Just following up on Andy's earlier question on the economic uncertainty. Have you seen any actual impact on any of your businesses so far? Either pullback or cancellations in either ag and turf or construction?
Tony Huegel: At this point it varies. We have not. We have not.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: And if the global economic concerns prove to be founded, what cost levers could you pull and how quickly could you change investment plans?
Marie Ziegler: That's very speculative. It would depend on what actions  what reactions you were seeing in the marketplace, where. We actually had a good test case in 2009, where you saw the company pull in on our capital expenditures, manage our inventories down accordingly as the business was transitioning. So it would be really, potentially, a replay of what you saw in 2009. But it's very, very speculative at this point.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: Sure. That makes sense.
Marie Ziegler: And maybe I just want to conclude by pointing out that the global ag fundamentals are still extremely strong. I can't emphasize enough that Thursday's USDA report was very positive for global agriculture. And I think I'd like to end on that note.
Tony Huegel: Okay. Thanks, Marie. And that concludes our call. And as always, we will be available throughout the day to answer any additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-06-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marie Ziegler - Vice President and Treasurer Susan Karlix - Investor Relations Tony Huegel -  James Field - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley David Raso - ISI Group Inc. Charles Rentschler - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc. Koki Shiraishi - Daiwa Securities Capital Markets Co. Ltd. Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere's second quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Good morning. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. As some of you may be aware, Justin Merrimac has moved on to other responsibilities within the company. And over the next several months, Josh Garrison will be transitioning to the IR staff to replace Justin as Manager of Investor Relations. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings. Then spend some time talking about our markets and how we see the record half -- the second half of 2011 shaping up. After that we will respond to your questions.  Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Now for a closer look at the quarter, here's Susan.
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Tony. Today, John Deere announced earnings for the second quarter of 2011, and what a quarter it was. Income jumped 65% on a 25% increase in sales and revenue. Sales and earnings both reached their highest point for any single quarter in the company's history. As we've been pointing out for some time, our performance reflects the skillful execution of our business plans plus strong demand for our innovative lines of equipment. In addition, the company's ongoing action to expand its global presence are showing good results, and helping drive new customers worldwide to the John Deere brand.  We're also starting to see positive movement in some key markets that are in the early stages of recovery, namely, construction equipment in the United States and farm machinery in Europe and the CIS. We're looking forward to further improvement in these areas in the future.  Finally, our full year earnings forecast has been raised and now stands at approximately $2.65 billion. All in all, it was an impressive quarter, unprecedented in many respects and the company seems well on its way to an equally impressive year. Now let's look at the quarter in more detail, starting with Slide 3. Net sales and revenues were up 25% to $8.9 billion in the quarter. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $904 million. As you just heard, both were the highest for any quarter in the company's history. Slide 4 is a reminder as you compare the 2 quarters. It details the tax charge impact in the second quarter of 2010. On Slide 5, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were $8.3 billion, up 27% year-over-year and the first time quarterly sales have exceeded $8 billion. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 4 points, while currency translation was up 3 points.  Production tonnage is shown on Slide 6. In line with equipment net sales, worldwide production tonnage was also up 27% in the quarter. The table at the bottom of the slide illustrates 2011 tonnage by quarter. This emphasizes the considerably higher year-over-year change in the first half of the year, compared with our expectation for the second half. Second half incremental margins will be impacted by this same pattern. Much of the difference in tonnage results from our Interim Tier 4 product transition plan. Also Ag & Turf dealers placed orders earlier this year in anticipation of the implementation of SAP in late April and early May. Projected worldwide production tonnage is up about 11% in the quarter and up about 19% for the full year. Let's turn to the company outlook on Slide 7. Third quarter sales are expected to increase by approximately 20% versus the same quarter of 2010, with positive currency translation on net sales of about 6 points. For the full year, projected equipment net sales will be up 21% to 23% compared with fiscal year 2010. This includes about 3 points of positive currency translation and 3 points of positive price realization.  Net income attributable to Deere & Company is now forecast to be approximately $2.65 billion in fiscal 2011 versus last quarter's guidance of about $2.5 billion. Turning to our review of our individual businesses, let's start with Ag & Turf on Slide 8. Both sales and production tonnage were up 24% in the quarter. Operating profit was $1.2 billion. The profit improvement was primarily due to higher shipment and production volumes and improved price realization, partially offset by increased raw material costs and higher selling, administrative and general expenses. In line with our strong operating performance incentive compensation expenses are higher, which is driving a good part of the SA&G increase. Operating margin was strong in the quarter, about 17%, while the incremental margin was approximately 15%.  Before we review the sales outlook, let's look at some of the fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide 9 outlines our U.S. commodity price estimates. Corn stock used ratios are at one of the lowest levels on record, due to growing global consumption coupled with a disappointing yield in 2010. As a result, we raised our corn price estimates for the 2011/2012 crop year by $0.60 to the low end of the USDA price forecasts. Wheat prices and exports are expected to remain strong as the world recovers from the 2010 supply shock. Soybean prices are expected to remain high through the 2011/'12 crop year as stocks are low and Chinese demand is growing. In the latest USDA supply and demand report, China is projected to import 58 million metric tons of soybeans in '11/'12. This amounts to about 22% of worldwide production. Global levels of high-quality cotton are extremely low. Asian demand and exports to other countries will allow cotton prices to remain strong. 2010 U.S. farm cash receipts is shown on Slide 10. They remain at a healthy level, and are little changed since our last forecast. Farm cash receipts are now forecast to reach $371.4 billion in 2011, $41 billion more than the all-time high of $330.5 billion recorded in 2008. This quarter, we are introducing our 2012 farm cash receipts forecast. At over $365 billion, we anticipate 2012 receipts will remain very close to the record-setting 2011 level. Historically, farm cash receipts for both the current and prior years are a key driver for current year ag equipment sales. Slide 11 highlights forecast acres planted and yields for the 2011/2012 crop year. It is still too early to know the ultimate outcome as acres and yield will be determined by weather in the short run.  Here's the outlook for the EU 27 is shown on Slide 12. Farm income and the future expectations of farmers in the EU 27 are improving. Grain, beef and milk prices remain at good levels, while pork prices are improving. 2011 margins for the arable farmer are expected to approach those experienced in 2007/2008. Used equipment levels are low and we are seeing a higher tendency for farmers to invest in ag machinery. Farm net income in Brazil and Argentina is on Slide 13, led by increases in sugarcane and soybeans, the 2 crops that drive the bulk of equipment purchases in Brazil. Farm net income is now expected to be about $26 billion in 2011. The outlook for 2012 remains positive, with farm net income expected to be about $22 billion, 44% above 2010 level. Contributing to strength in the region are strong global demand for Brazilian commodities as well as high sugar and cotton prices and lower production costs. Farm income in Argentina is forecasted about $7.6 billion in 2011 and about $6.4 billion in 2012, due to high commodity prices.  Our 2011 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are on Slide 14. Fundamentals in the U.S. and Canadian farm sectors remain robust and we have raised our industry forecast, which now calls for an increase of 5% to 10%. Based on factors cited earlier, the EU 27 is now projected up about 15% for the year. In the CIS, farm income is expected to increase in 2011 on the heels of significantly higher grain prices than the 2009/2010 crop year. Also milk and beef prices are expected to remain at high levels. Russia has taken several actions to support the ag sector. For example, subsidies are in place for such things as grain, railway, transportation costs, fertilizer, seed and livestock. There is increased support for the ag modernization program and loans and the subsidies are being directed to last year's drought regions. All these factors, coupled with an easing in financing availability, have led to an increase in our industry guidance. We now expect notably stronger gains in the CIS countries this year from the depressed levels of last year. Moving to Asia. Sales are forecast to grow strongly again this year.  Industry sales in South America are expected to be down 5% to 10% in 2011 in relation to last year's strong level. Underlying economic fundamentals for the region remain positive. However, recently enacted trade policies in Argentina and weakness in the small tractor market in Brazil are contributing to the more subdued outlook. Sales of lower horsepower tractors have benefited from Brazilian government programs that targeted smaller farms over the last few years. These programs may have reached the saturation point. Tractor sales under these programs accounted for about 35% of 2009 industry sales, about 22% in 2010 and are running around 17% year-to-date, 2011. For the last couple of quarters, we had talked about the 50 new products that have been introduced to the Brazilian market over the last year. Deere's lineup of tractors changed dramatically in 2010 and 2011, as we broadened our lineup with features and price points to appeal to broader segments of the market. We expect the strong start seen in the first half of the year to continue as we benefit from these products. Other positives are the ongoing investment in our dealer network, and our presence in cotton and sugarcane equipment. Turning to another product category. After rising almost 15% in 2010, we expect retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the United States and Canada to be about flat in 2011. Our new line of utility vehicles continues to be extremely well accepted in the marketplace. Putting these all together on Slide 15, Deere's sales for worldwide Ag & Turf are projected to be up about 20%. Currency translation is positive, about 4 points. Operating margin for the division is forecast at about 14%. As we discussed last quarter, small ag equipment sales are expected to recover from their fairly low levels of the past few years. The Ag & Turf division's operating margin will receive about one point of benefit from the mix of large ag equipment sales in comparison with the normal year. Remember last year, the mix advantage was greater, about 2 points more than a typical year.  Before moving on to Construction & Forestry, I'd like to point out that Deere made 2 additional announcements this morning. The first relates to the large square baler outlined on Slide 16. Deere and the Kuhn Group have established a strategic operation to provide a Deere-branded baler manufactured by Kuhn for Europe and the CIS countries in 2012. This is one of the first steps to increasing our product offering in the EU 27, which is a key priority in our company strategy. The large square baler fills a portfolio gap for the livestock, commercial and contractor customer segments and leverages the strength of our John Deere dealer network. With the acquisition of the intellectual property license from Kuhn, Deere will manufacture a large square baler adapted to customer requirements for distribution outside Europe and the CIS by 2014. On Slide 17, the second announcement concerned a new operation in Harbin, China. With an initial outlay of about $80 million, we are building a factory to manufacture mid and large-sized tractors, sprayers, planters and harvesting equipment. Ground-breaking is expected to take place in the third quarter of calendar year 2011, with production beginning in late 2012. This is our seventh manufacturing location in China including 2 joint ventures, all of which primarily serves the rapidly growing Chinese market. Let's focus now on construction and forestry on Slide 18. Deere's net sales were up 46% in the quarter, while production tonnage was up 51%. The division's operating profit of $105 million was helped by higher shipment and production volumes and improved price realization. These were partially offset by higher selling, administrative and general expenses and increased raw material costs. The increase in SA&G expense included higher incentive compensation expenses in line with our improved operating performance. On Slide 19, fundamentally, growth is slower coming out of this recession than in previous ones. Unusually bad weather, which hurt the construction industry, lower defense spending, surging oil prices and continuing efforts to cut government spending at the state and federal levels have caused deterioration in economic indicators since our last forecast. Following last year's 41% increase, net sales in Construction & Forestry are forecast to be up about 35% in fiscal 2011. This would bring construction sales for the year to about what we would consider typical trough level. C&F is benefiting from improved sales to independent rental companies, also encouraging Deere dealers continue to see an improvement in rental utilization and used equipment markets. Meanwhile, Global Forestry markets are expected to build on last year's big gains. The industry was up 50% last year. Our current forecast calls for a further increase in 2011 up 35% to 40% led by strong pulp and paper prices. The full year operating margin for Deere's C&F division is projected to be in the neighborhood of about 8%. Let's move now to our Financial Services operation. Slide 20 shows the worldwide Financial Services annualized provision for credit losses at 10 basis points as a percent of the total average owned portfolio at the end of April. The 2011 full year forecast is now about 23 basis points. That is down about 15 basis points from our last forecast and almost 25 points lower than 2010. This reflects much lower write-offs primarily in the Construction & Forestry portfolio. We're also seeing fewer repossessions and much stronger used equipment values. On the repossessions that are taking place, we are experiencing better pricing and improved recovery rates. Moving to Slide 21. Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $105 million in the quarter versus of $87 million last year. A higher income was primarily due to growth in the portfolio and a lower provision for credit losses. Looking ahead, we are projecting worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company of about $435 million in 2011. Now on Slide 22, let's turn our focus back to the equipment operations and look at receivables and inventories. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories were up roughly $1.8 billion compared with the second quarter of 2010. This mainly reflects parts and complete goods in support of global growth, particularly in the BRIC countries. On a full year basis, receivables and inventories are expected to increase about $100 million due to improved global prospects and some Interim Tier 4, Stage 3b transition late in the year. Now let's discuss the latest on retail sales. Slide 23 presents the product category detail in the U.S. and Canada for the month of April, expressed in units. Utility tractor industry sales were down 5%, Deere was down in line with the industry. The row-crop tractor industry sales were up 1%, Deere was down a low single-digit. Four-wheel drive industry sales were up 4%, Deere was down a single digit. Combine industry sales were up 19%, Deere was up more than the industry. Looking at Deere dealer inventories for row-crop tractors, Deere ended April with inventories of 17% of trailing 12-month sales. Combine inventories were at 10% of sales. Turning to Slide 24. In the EU 27, sales of John Deere tractors and combines were up double digits in April. Deere's retail sales of the selected turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada were down double digits in the month. Last year's early and warm spring makes April sales difficult to measure against. This is especially true, considering that turf and utility sales in April of this year were impacted by severe weather and tornadoes, especially in the Southeastern U.S, which is a key sales region. Construction & Forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada, on both the First-in-the-Dirt and Settlement basis were up double digits for the month. Let's turn now to raw material and logistics on Slide 25. Second quarter material costs were up about $175 million in comparison with the second quarter of 2010. The increase was mostly Ag & Turf. For the fiscal year, our forecast assumes a negative margin impact from raw materials of about 2 points, with the percentage breakdown about 85% Ag and 15% Construction & Forestry. With 3 points of price realization forecast for the year, we will fully cover these costs increases. Looking at R&D expense on Slide 26. R&D was up about 12% in the second quarter. For fiscal 2011, R&D expense is forecast to be up about 17%. As stated in previous quarters, R&D spending is expected to remain at high levels for the next few years as we approach significant product launches with Interim Tier 4 engines, and soon thereafter, meet Final Tier 4 emission standards. Also included in the R&D expense is ongoing new product development expense for our growing global customer base. Moving now to Slide 27. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up 19% in the second quarter. Incentive compensation accounted for about 8 points of the increase, in line with our improved financial performance. Currency translation was about 2 points of the increase and growth accounted for about 1 point.  For the full year, SA&G is expected to be up about 14%. Incentive compensation will account for about 3 points of the change with currency translation accounting for about 2 points and growth about 1 point.  Moving to the income tax rate on Slide 28. The second quarter effective tax rate for the equipment operations was about 32%. For 2011, our effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 33% to 35%. The renewal of the R&D tax credit through this year affected both rates. On Slide 29, you see our history of strong cash flow from Deere's equipment operations. We anticipate cash flow from equipment operations of about $3.1 billion in fiscal 2011.  As Slide 30 illustrates, for 2011, capital expenditures are expected to be about $1.1 billion, primarily driven by investments related to Interim Tier 4. The increase is also related to new product development, as well as our expanded presence in global growth markets. Depreciation and amortization for 2011 is expected to be about $600 million, with pension/OPEB contribution of about $115 million. Finally, turning to Slide 31, you see a summary of the amounts returned to investors through share repurchase over the last 7 years. During the second quarter, we repurchased 3.2 million shares or about $300 million. Since 2004, we have repurchased about 127 million shares at a cost of $6.5 billion. That works out to an average purchase price of $51.57.  In closing, John Deere has reached the halfway mark of 2011 on a strong pace and fully expects to have a record year. What's more, our record of strong financial performance is driving aggressive levels in investments, which puts the company on a solid footing for the future. Indeed, John Deere is exceptionally well positioned to address the world's growing need for agricultural commodities, shelter and infrastructure. We believe these developments will have a positive impact on demand for productive farm and construction equipment for years, if not, generations to come, and that they hold tremendously exciting promise for the company and its investors. Tony?
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Susan. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jamie Cook.
Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG: Crdit Suisse. A couple of questions. One, you mentioned in the beginning that the C&F business, and when you think about farm, Europe and CIS are still relatively at trough levels. Can you talk about how you're viewing the U.S. and Brazil relative to peak within the farm business? And then last, unless I missed it, you talked about the Japan income -- you talked about the Japan hit for the year. Can you just talk about how we should see that impacting the quarters? If one -- was there any in this quarter? And how we'll think about Q3 and Q4?
Tony Huegel: Sure. First of all, in terms of -- you were talk -- you asked first, I believe, about ag for South America.
Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG: And U.S.
Tony Huegel: In the U.S., certainly, from a large ag perspective, it's a very strong market. And within the smaller ag equipment, you would have some room yet to improve. I mean it's come back this year. And you'll see that -- we've talked about that in our margins. Last year, there were a couple of points of margin benefit on large ag. And this year, as small ag has also come back, we're closer to one point of margin benefit, so the negative one year-over-year. Certainly in South America, that's an interesting market because we're seeing weakness in the smaller ag sector in Brazil. Large ag is performing pretty well, and in cotton and especially sugar are at very strong levels there as well. So certainly pretty strong but good opportunities for us in both markets.
Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG: But just to be clear, you gave a cash receipt forecast for 2012. So it sounds like you would expect the strength in the U.S. and tractor sales to continue into 2012? You're not seeing any signs of weakness or -- at all within the U.S. farm equipment market?
Tony Huegel: Well of course, as you know, we wouldn't give a forecast for 2012 at this point. There's a lot yet to happen between now and then in terms of crops and so on. But certainly if you look at our forecast, and we said for years that the cash receipts are a good indicator of future equipment sales, that's our #1 indicator in terms of our internal modeling both in the current year as well as one year out. So certainly, that would bode well for sales in the U.S., and similarly in Brazil and Argentina. Sales are net income for farmers and those markets are very strong.
Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And the second question's just with Japan, sorry.
Tony Huegel: Yes. With Japan, certainly there would be a little bit in the second quarter. But that's going to mostly impact our third and fourth quarters. And again, keep in mind that just effectively as we look -- as we have our outlook, sales that effectively lost sales with the related margin on both.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Jerry Revich.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It's Goldman Sachs. Tony, can you say more about the impact of the tragedy in Japan on your business? Your excavator margins, they're significantly lower than the profit drag? You're estimating what other product lines are impacted? Or can you just help us with the high profit drag relative to the sales drag you're thinking about there?
Tony Huegel: Sure. And really, that -- I mean you're right, most of our impact is in our Hitachi-related product with our Hitachi relationship. And keep in mind on that product that we only recognize the marketing or distribution margin on that. We, as part of that relationship, do not have the manufacturing margins on our books. So that's why you'll see a little bit, maybe lighter margin impact than what you might otherwise see.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So the $80 million profit drag -- or $70 million profit drag on only a $300 million of sales drag implies much greater operational difficulties than what the distribution arrangement implies? So that's the bridge I'm trying to gap, Tony.
Tony Huegel: Well, those margins would actually be lighter than what you would normally see.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Yes, so the operating profit hit. I would have expected if it had been lower than the $70 million to your point because the margins on those sales are lower?
Marie Ziegler: We're not following you. This is Marie, Jerry. We've got $300 million of sales impact. Again, as you are aware, Hitachi did lose several months of production in one of its northern factories. That would be the primary source for these large mining machines and excavators, and those factories are expected to be up and running, I believe it is, yes this week. So we think our supply base and Hitachi, in particular, to be commended for the work that they have put into recovering from this tragedy.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: My question is the $70 million profit drag implies north of 20% margins on those Hitachi excavators. And for Tony's comment, that is a lower-margin business for you and it's not a drag on your production facility, so that's the part I'm...
James Field: Let me try to clarify, Jerry. You're right. I advised the 23% operating margin. What we have in there is we have Hitachi-branded mining machines and then we have the mid-sized and large excavators. A portion of that business has margins that are greater than 23%. And a portion of that has margins that are less than 23%. And this is the blended average of those margins. And yes, you're right, some of this is pure distribution margin, which would be less -- significantly less than the 23%. And some of it, we get -- we enjoy a little bit more margin. So I don't think you should read anything more than -- that's the weighted average margin of the equipment that's been disrupted.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: That's a very helpful color. And on the ag equipment business, can you help us with the bridge for the Ag & Turf EBIT performance this quarter versus last year? And perhaps touch on what was the impact of Interim Tier 4 product rollout costs? I guess, considering how strong pricing was this quarter versus raw mats and SA&G? I guess I was looking for higher operating leverage in that. I'm wondering if you could just step us through the pieces there?
Marie Ziegler: Again, we talked about the fact that we had very good operating margins at 17% for the second quarter. The factors that did weigh some on the incremental margin were things that we had discussed in advance, like raw material costs, higher SA&G, higher R&D in the quarter. There's a little bit of absorption impact as we had talked about for the full year as ag has a very significant number of product introductions and capital expenditure ahead of it and some behind. And that added -- had some impact in the second quarter as well. It's disrupted to the factories as their bringing some of this capital in.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And what order of magnitude can you...
Marie Ziegler: No new information.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Can you quantify that last point, Marie, rough order of magnitude in the quarter?
Marie Ziegler: We've talked about for the full year, full company, about $100 million. I don't have a breakdown by quarter, but there would be some impact in this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Rentschler. [Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.]
Charles Rentschler - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc.: First question is can you talk about what explains the $1.6 billion increase in inventory year-to-date since October? It's about one month's production, I figured, in the first 6 months?
Marie Ziegler: Actually, Charlie, we ended October with our inventories in round numbers somewhere between $1 billion higher. That reflected the very high levels of production we had in the fourth quarter relative to a year ago, and the fact that the production would be somewhat heavier this year versus the typical seasonal patterns than it would traditionally be. That said, we still expect to end the year with our inventories in very round numbers, so it's essentially flat for the full company with last year. And this reflects very good business conditions in many parts of the world and the prospects of better conditions in places like Europe and the CIS.
Charles Rentschler - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc.: Okay, and my second question has to do with the CIS. You mentioned if you're seeing strong -- stronger gains over there. Could you kind of benchmark that against the peak of 3, 4 years ago? And what are you seeing now? Do you think that this might accelerate over the next couple, 3 years?
Tony Huegel: This is Tony. Keep in mind while we're certainly looking at what we refer to it as notable improvements year-over-year, we're also off of very low levels. If you look at where we were in 2008, our sales in the CIS last year were less than half of those levels. So again, it's certainly low -- it's coming off of low levels but we're seeing some strong improvement there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: JPMorgan. Can you talk a little bit about North America ag equipment. We know the farmers will continue to trade the equipment into 2012 so long as, as you pointed out, cash receipts remain strong. But also they need the value of their used equipment to remain strong. Can you comment on the used equipment industry in North America, both used equipment values as well as the inventories of used equipment? And maybe any difference or similarities between combines and tractors?
Tony Huegel: Absolutely. And when you look at used equipment values, they're actually holding very strong. They are either flat to improved year-over-year, including combines. Combine used equipment values are actually slightly higher year-over-year in the U.S. so that certainly bodes well. When you look at inventory level, tractors or used equipment are at a very good levels. Combines, of course, are at relatively high levels year-over-year, but some of that is driven by the timing of our sales. As you look at a typical seasonal pattern of our sales with our -- again driven by our Interim Tier 4 transition, we've shipped quite a bit more combines, new combine in the first half of the year compared to what we normally would. And as you know, with a new combine comes, in almost all cases, a trade in, and used, so certainly, we're at higher levels. But also, we also track those within a band and they would still be -- our levels would still be in a reasonable band based on new equipment sales. So we feel comfortable with the levels that theyre at. But you're right, they are at high levels.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So would you agree that if cash receipts come in somewhere around where you're forecasting and used equipment values stay around where they're currently at, but there's no reason to think that the North American ag equipment sector will fall off a cliff next year?
Tony Huegel: As we look at what our dealer's response is and our dealers seem to be comfortable that they will be able to move those combines and they've been very aggressive at doing that both within the U.S. as well as with some export markets.
James Field: Certainly, Ann. This is Jim, certainly that would be consistent with history. As we've said, we modeled the business and sales, based on cash receipts, as being the largest driver. And so if you don't have -- if the used is still flowing through the channel and you have good cash receipts, history would suggest that you're going to have good retail activity.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes. I agree with that. And just to follow up a different topic. I'm just curious, you spent about $600 million buying back shares in the quarter. Can you tell us what the share count was, the diluted share count at the end of the quarter? Just for modeling.
Marie Ziegler: We were about 420 million shares.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And that was at quarter end?
Marie Ziegler: That's at quarter end.
Operator: Our next question comes from Henry Kirn.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: It's UBS. If the North American ag demand conditions warrant, would you be able to ramp production above what's implied in guidance? Or are you bumping against where you could go for production at this point?
Tony Huegel: As you look at our order book -- I assume you're referring to in the U.S. with the large ag equipment?
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: That's exactly right.
Tony Huegel: Yes. If you look at our order book today on 8R tractors, our effective availability is really out into about the November time frame. And on the 9000 Series, we're out into October. Keep in mind, we have a significant number of Interim Tier 4 transitions on those large ag products in the year. And so as we've talked about in the past, we do have some capacity limitations this year with those transitions.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: And could you talk about on the supply chain side, their ability to ramp and how much that might be holding you back? Sort of where are you seeing bottlenecks and where things...
Tony Huegel: We do not have at any -- I mean of course, on any given day, there are issues that we would be working through. But there are no supplier issues that are currently hampering our ability to produce products. Again, with the exception of Japan.
James Field: Let me just elaborate on that. I mean, first, I think kudos ought to go to our excellent supply management professionals around the world and our supply base. And as Tony said, at any point in time, there may be a particular issue somewhere that we're dealing with, besides Japan, we've managed through this pretty flawlessly. So and we have a lot of confidence in our supply management team and our suppliers around the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: ISI. Can you give us a little more quantification how you're thinking about the incremental in the next couple of quarters? I'm just trying to think through the price versus cost in the back half of the year. It looks like you're implying it's a positive. And if anything, if this is positive enough to offset those incremental costs you've cited for some of the new products? And the sales growth you're implying is higher than your SG&A growth this second half. I'm just trying to think through why the incremental margins look like you're almost implying will be lower than your operating margins. But if you maybe just flush out first to come from the bogey, how are you thinking about your incrementals the next 2 quarters?
Marie Ziegler: As Susan had indicated, David, as we look in the back half of the year, especially in Ag, we do see that incremental margins, we expect, will be softer than what you've seen in the first and second quarters. Some of the factors for that, again, are alongside of the significant number of IT4 transitions that lie ahead of us. We won't tap the same pattern of year-over-year sales and tonnage, times and gains. We don't have some of the opportunities for incremental margin opportunities that you would have. We've talked about raw materials, we had very, very good sales, or excuse me, price realization in the quarter. We have improved our guidance for the year to 3 points. But it was -- our guidance was our actual price realization was 4 points in the quarter, so it will abate a little. We certainly expect that we will cover our product with raw material costs up in the second half of the year. But you won't have maybe the same kind of margin opportunity. And then finally, we do have higher product costs related to IT4 componentry. We've talked about that before. That's the catalytic converters and things like that, that are on these IT4-compliant engines. And for the full year, full company, that's about $170 million. We'll see more of that costs in the second half than we did in the first half as we ramp up production models.
Tony Huegel: This is Tony. The other thing I would add to that is keep in mind that we bring our inventory levels down in the second half of the year. We benefited from absorption in the first half. And that will flip and move the other direction here in the second half and will be a drag on margins as well.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: Between the 2 segments, do you see one more than the other? I mean obviously ag, more new product rollout, I would argue. So is that where you expect to see more sequential degradation than incremental?
Tony Huegel: Well, keep in mind with C&F as well, right now they're in the midst of an SAP transition. And so they took some shutdown ahead of that, a couple of weeks. And of course we'll also have some pretty slow ramp-up. So effectively, they are at about 3 weeks of lower production and then if you look specifically at the third quarter for that particular division. So that will certainly have an impact on margins. As Marie cited some of the Interim Tier 4 costs, that certainly is more directed at the ag product line than C&F.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: And then just for clarification, and Jim, if you want to tackle this, so we're implying incrementals below operating margins for the second half of the year?
Marie Ziegler: I would just say that our forecast, we've been very candid in terms of what our incremental, or I mean our absolute margin guidance is for the 2 divisions. And I think we'll let the numbers speak for themselves.
Operator: The next question will come from Robert Wertheimer.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: It's Morgan Stanley. Real quick follow-up on South America, just to confirm that the reduction of the market growth outlook does not involve any large equipment in your view. I think you said the word saturation for small equipment, not so much on just the financing with the actual market. So I wonder if you could comment on where you think large equipment is there?
Tony Huegel: Yes. If you look at South America, there's really 2 factors that Susan cited again. And you're correct, it's on the small ag side, there's -- we referred to it as MDA program. That's really targeted at small tractors and small farms. And that's been, in the past, a pretty high percent of the overall tractor sales and has sequentially reduced year-over-year. And we would expect a similar pattern again this year, as well as when you look at overall South America, Argentina, with some of the recent trade policies, would certainly have a dampening effect. But on large ag and especially, part of what's not included in that outlook will be cotton and sugar. And so -- and there is certainly strong markets there, so.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: You didnt take the large ag part down? Okay. And the second question would be on just a little one on tax rate guidance, you're sort of below where you've been for the year. Does the unchanged tax rate guidance imply a higher mix in the U.S. towards the second half of the year? And a Tier 4 aside, that would be a positive margin shift, I would think?
James Field: Yes. This is Jim. I don't know that -- I wouldn't necessarily jump to that conclusion. We've got a lot of discrete items that impact particular quarters depending on the timing of certain events. And so there is an element of lumpiness to the tax rate in the quarterly periods that sometimes defies a little bit of logical reasoning.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Okay. That's helpful.
James Field: I would not jump to the conclusion that, that is an income mix necessarily.
Operator: Our next question will come from Seth Weber.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: It's RBC. I guess just first a clarification, did you raise your IT4 costs from 160 to 170 then? Is that what I heard?
Marie Ziegler: Yes, we did.
Tony Huegel: Yes. That's correct.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then there's -- on the Construction & Forestry business, you mentioned that with the 35% growth this year, you're basically kind of getting back to trough levels. But looking at your, I guess Slide 19, you're talking about another 3% decline next year in non-res [non-residential] construction. So I mean what -- I guess what I'm trying to understand is how much of this is just restocking or replacement? And what will we need to see growth in that business next -- going forward?
Tony Huegel: Right. This is Tony, Seth. And first of all, just to clarify that the trough levels are for the Construction side of that division only. And certainly, some of what we're seeing, obviously there is some restocking but also, as we've indicated previously, you tend to see some overshooting of the fundamentals, both on the high side and end on the low side. And we believe that part of the story as well is that some of this is really a correction of the retail environment back up to what the underlying fundamentals would support. But to your point, not at strong levels, I mean we're at -- and as we've indicated, were certainly still -- while, year-over-year percentages are high, still at basically trough levels.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And if I could just ask a follow-up. Can you give us some color on where you're at for Europe capacity on the Ag business? I mean it sounds like you're starting to get a little bit more comfortable with the dynamics in that market relative to North America? Do you still have excess capacity in Europe if you needed to expand that there?
Tony Huegel: Certainly, that market is coming back as we've indicated. We've bumped up our outlook again there, but would not have capacity issues in Europe.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andy Casey.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Wells Fargo Securities. On the cash flow outlook, I kind of get it, but can you walk us through the approximate $200 million reduction? Looks like $100 million is related to the adjusted receivable and inventory. Where's the other $100 million coming from?
Marie Ziegler: Actually, the bulk of it really is receivable and inventory because we changed our guidance from down $250 million to up $100 million. So there's probably some exchange running through there with rates. But...
Tony Huegel: Timing and payables.
Marie Ziegler: So there's a bunch of knick knacks. But that's really the biggest factor.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. When you look at that receivable and inventory reduction, could you help us what portion is going to happen in Q3? Because you have the C&F shutdown, you've got some other stuff going on in Q4?
Marie Ziegler: I don't -- Andy, I don't have a split between how it will go in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. Typically, I wouldn't have a comment there.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then lastly, back on the Brazilian market, there has been some competitor comment about aggressive pricing directed primarily at you guys. And some of that may be related to your segmentation of the market. What are you seeing with respect to industry pricing?
Tony Huegel: From our perspective, what I can tell you is for Deere in Brazil, we have had positive price realization both in the second quarter, year-to-date, and in what we anticipate for the fiscal year. Certainly, we've done very well on that market with our market share. Really, we would cite 2 factors for why that's happening. We talked a lot in recent months about the new products we have in that market. So this is probably closer -- we would argue this is as it's expected. As well as we've invested quite a bit into our dealer network there. And so we have a very strong distribution network and good products with a great fit for that market, and I think you're seeing the results of that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joel Tiss.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Buckingham Research. Just on this Brazilian -- a little bit of a disconnect between the farmer profitability increasing and sales flat to down for the year. Can you just give us a sense about -- I'm not asking for 2012 forecast, but do you think we're setting up some pent-up demand for 2012? Like is this more of a transitional issue? Or do you think there's something a little more structural beyond just the financing?
Marie Ziegler: The government subsidies, Joel, is that small and were extremely attractive. And as that market segment has -- so they really werent dependent, if you will, on farm income. So there's a very much a disconnect in terms of what would happen with that small tractor segment versus the farm income. The prospects for farm income, as we've said, are good in Brazil that supports a broad array of implements, tractors, cotton equipment, sprayers, sugarcane harvesting equipment. So the prospects remain very good for the market.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then just to try to cheat a little bit, I'm going to glue 2 questions together but they're both easy. The percentage of construction equipment that goes into rental? And also just philosophically, why keep more than $3 billion worth of debt on equipment operations when you have more than that in cash?
Marie Ziegler: The rental, excuse me, is about 15% of our Construction business. And over time, structurally that probably could grow as given what has happened with the liquidity crisis you may see some contractors choosing to rent a little longer than they would typically. So that's item one. In terms of the debt level, the reason for keeping cash is in part for liquidity. We're going to -- prior to the liquidity crisis, we had talked about having about $1 billion of cash on our balance sheet for liquidity. As we continue to grow our business overseas, and quite candidly because of liquidity concerns, we're targeting into something more in the range of $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion in cash. And so you should expect that going forward. That said, don't forget, we have been buying back shares, so you're seeing us return cash that way. And additionally, we've had 8 dividend increases since 2004. So we're continuing to reward our shareholders directly with the return of cash in the form of dividends share repurchases, as well as continuing to make the necessary investments to grow our business platform.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Koznarek.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: It's Cleveland Research. A question on the effective capacity impact of the Tier 4 launches in large ag equipment. All things held equal moving into 2012, those large ag Tier 4 problems will be behind us, the launch problems. So what kind of effective capacity increase are we looking at next year, everything else held equal?
Tony Huegel: Yes. We would say for large ag, specifically in Waterloo, our capacity year-over-year for 2012 would go up in the 10% to 15% range and that's not coming just from the Interim Tier 4 impact. We've also talked about adding capacity there through 2012. And so we'll get some benefit of that capacity increase throughout the year. So those 2 combined would add about 10% to 15%, 2012 over 2011.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: And that's Waterloo and East Moline?
Tony Huegel: That's Waterloo large tractors.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: And East Moline basically would be similar?
Tony Huegel: Well, they would have an Interim Tier 4 advantage. But we're not adding additional capacity there like we are in Waterloo. So I think it's less than...
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Is it somewhat less. And then sort of the flip side of that, you're now 7000s and smaller stuff has to transition next year. Are we going to expect to see sort of a hit to effective capacity because of that transition similar to the numbers you just stated here for large ag?
Tony Huegel: Certainly, you'll have some capacity impact next year as those products transition, so.
Koki Shiraishi - Daiwa Securities Capital Markets Co. Ltd.: Yes. So overall, it could wash. But at least large ag could have some effective increases.
Tony Huegel: Exactly.
Operator: Our final question is from Stephen Volkmann.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: It's Jefferies. So I think most of them have been answered. But I'll ask corollary to Marks, which is on the cost side, I guess, as we look into 2012, it would seem that there are a number of things that have kind of hit us here in 2011 that should go away in 2012. And I'm wondering if we should be thinking about incremental margins actually kind of go and back up again, as we get into 2012? Or do you see enough on the costs front that it's too early to kind of commit to that?
James Field: Steve, we're not going to get in to talking too much about 2012 margins. But there are a couple of issues that we have dealt with this year that we certainly wouldn't anticipate next year. R&D going up 17% again. I think we've said that, that we are going to stay at healthy levels but not -- we're not certainly anticipating those sorts of double-digit increases. And so I think it's fair to say, without commenting too much on 2012 that as you look through the analysis, there are some items here that we wouldn't expect to repeat.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a quick follow-up if I could. You guys have talked a little bit lately about trying to better balance your shorter-term performance, which has been great, on the back of SVA with some longer-term growth opportunities. And I'm just wondering if there is a sort of a strategic shift that we should be thinking about? And if there's some bigger projects out there that we should be starting to think about you guys pursuing that kind of balance you better with longer-term growth?
James Field: Well, I would start the answer to that question that as what we've said in prior is we remain fundamentally committed to SVA and the SVA model. And we're going to focus on that, but at the same time, focus on our 2 global growth platforms, which is agricultural and construction equipment. And I think the announcements that you saw this morning is good evidence of our commitment to delivering growth for the future, but at the same time delivering some very, very solid operating results. And so I think that's the kind of performance you should expect from us going forward. We're going to be focused on both aspects of the business, solid performance and solid growth. So with that, we should sign off. Thank you very much.
Tony Huegel: Thank you all for your interest. And as always, we'll be available throughout today for any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Marie Ziegler - Vice President and Treasurer Susan Karlix - Investor Relations Tony Huegel -  James Field - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley David Raso - ISI Group Inc. Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Deere's first quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tony Huegel, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; Susan Karlix; and Justin Merrimac. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and how we see 2011 shaping up. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com.  Just a reminder that this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Now, for a closer look at the first quarter, here's Susan.
Susan Karlix: Thanks, Tony. With this morning's first quarter earnings announcement, John Deere has started 2011 on a strong note. Income more than doubled on a 27% increase in sales and revenue, reaching a record for the first quarter of the year. The improvement was big and broad. Ag & Turf had another terrific quarter. And our other divisions, Construction & Forestry and Financial Services, reported dramatically higher profit as well. Positive global farm conditions were certainly a factor, but John Deere is achieving record results in the face of conditions that remain lackluster in some sectors. Indeed, our performance reflects continued success in executing our ambitious business plans in addition to improving demand for our innovative lines of equipment. Finally, our full-year earnings forecast has been raised considerably and now stands at about $2.5 billion. All in all, it was a strong start to what is expected to be a very strong year. Now let's look at the quarter in more detail, starting with Slide 3. As just mentioned, net sales and revenues were up 27% to $6.1 billion in the quarter. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $514 million, the highest ever for a first quarter.  Turning to Slide 4. Total worldwide Equipment operations net sales were up 30% to $5.5 billion, another first quarter record. Price realization in the quarter was positive by two points. On Slide 5, worldwide production tonnage was up 41% in the quarter. Higher tonnage was attributable to the following: Continued strong demand for large Ag equipment; recovery in the EU-27; strength in South America; and the continuing rebound in the Construction & Forestry market. We also experienced higher production in the first quarter compared with a normal year due to our Interim Tier 4 product transition plan and CMS implementation of SAP this spring. Projected worldwide production tonnage is up about 26% in the second quarter and up about 16% for the full year. Let's turn to the company outlook on Slide 6. Second quarter sales are expected to be up approximately 25% compared with the second quarter of 2010. Currency translation on net sales is positive by about two points. For the full year, projected equipment net sales are up 18% to 20% compared with fiscal year 2010, an increase of eight points over our prior guidance. This includes about two points of positive currency translation and two points of positive price realization. Included in our guidance is a 3.5% increase on our 8R and 9030 Series tractors announced this morning and effective March 1. Due to our sold ahead position, this increase will have minimal impact in fiscal 2011. Net income attributable to Deere & Company is projected to be approximately $2.5 billion in fiscal 2011. That's $400 million more than the guidance provided in November. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, let's start with Agriculture & Turf on Slide 7. Production tonnage was up 34%. Sales increased 21%. Operating profit was $558 million. The profit improvement was primarily due to higher shipment and production volumes and improved price realization, partially offset by increased raw material costs and higher incentive compensation expenses in line with our operating performance. The division had an operating margin of about 13% in the quarter and an incremental margin of approximately 27%.  Before we review the sales outlook, let's look at some of the fundamentals affecting the Ag business. Slide 8 outlines our U.S. commodity price estimates. Due to disappointing yields in 2010 and growing global consumption, corn supplies are tight. Coupled with ethanol demand, extreme weather conditions in many parts of the world and strength in exports, we have again raised our corn price estimates for the 2010-'11 and 2011-'12 crop years. Wheat prices remain strong as the world recovers from the 2010 supply shock caused by wet planting conditions in Canada and severe temperatures and drought in the CIS. Soybean prices are expected to remain strong through the 2011-'12 crop year, as Chinese demand continues to surpass expectations and stocks are very low. Asian demand and exports to other countries will allow cotton prices to remain strong as well. Turning to Slide 9. 2010 U.S. farm cash receipts remain at a high level, about $321 billion. We have increased our forecast for 2011, about 4% since last quarter to $359 billion. This surpasses the all-time high of $330.5 billion recorded in 2008 by almost 9%. Historically, farm cash receipts for both the current year and the prior ones are a key driver for Ag equipment sales. Slide 10 highlights our base case on acres planted and yield for the 2011-2012 crop year. Obviously, it's early, too early to know the ultimate outcome as acres and yield will be determined by weather and springtime prices. With that said, our base case calls for planted acres to increase, driven by strong global demand and historically low carryover stocks. Strong commodity prices are driving planted acres to some of the highest levels since 2003. This profitability creates an incentive for farmers to plant on every available acre. In fact, our agricultural consultant, Informa, projects 7.4 million more acres in total crops will be planted during the year. Deere's outlook for the EU-27 is shown on Slide 11. Again, this quarter, we are happy to report that customer sentiment has shown further improvement, which is contributing to a turnaround in demand for agricultural equipment in Europe. Livestock, milk and grain prices continue to rise while input costs are expected to moderate, improving farm income levels. In addition, high used equipment levels, which we have spoken of in the past, are returning to a more normal level supporting the sales of new equipment.  Farm net income in Brazil and Argentina is on Slide 12. In Brazil, 2011 farm net income is expected to be almost 10 times the level of 2009 and up 80% from 2010 levels. The improvement is being led by big increases in sugarcane and soybeans, the two crops that drive the bulk of equipment purchases in Brazil. Contributing to strength in the region is strong global demand for Brazilian commodities, high crop prices and lower production costs. La Nia has had a negative effect on corn production in Argentina. The USDA took 1.5 million metric tons out of its February production numbers for the country. However, recent rain should prevent further deterioration. Our 2011 Ag & Turf industry outlooks are on Slide 13. Fundamentals in the U.S. and Canadian farm sectors remain robust, and we have now increased our forecast to up about 5%. With respect to Deere, our order books are strong. Beginning this quarter, guidance is provided for the EU-27. This is a small change from our prior practice, which focused primarily on Western Europe. For fiscal 2011, the EU-27 is projected up about 10%. Our guidance for sales in the CIS is unchanged, with moderate gains expected from the depressed levels of the last few years. Asia sales are expected to increase moderately as well, but do so from the very strong levels of 2010. Industry sales in South America are expected to be about flat in 2011, in relation to last year's strong levels. Underlying economic fundamentals for the region are positive. Our industry retail forecast reflects a reduction in sales of lower horsepower tractors that has benefited from Brazilian government programs that targeted smaller farms. These programs have been in place for a few years and may have reached saturation. Deere expects to benefit from our 15 [ph] new products introduced over the last year and our presence in cotton and sugar cane equipment. Turning to another product category. After rising almost 15% in 2010, we expect retail sales of Turf & Utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada to be about flat in 2011. Our new utility vehicles have experienced an extremely successful launch and are being widely accepted in the marketplace.  Putting this all together on Slide 14, Deere sales for worldwide Ag & Turf are now projected to be up about 16%, with an operating margin around 14%. As we discussed last quarter, small Ag equipment sales are expected to recover from their fairly low level of the past few years. The Ag & Turf division's operating margin will receive about one point of benefit from the mix of large Ag sales in comparison with a normal year. Last year, the mix advantage was a little more, about two points versus a normal year. Let's focus now on Construction & Forestry on Slide 15, where the improvement was quite substantial. Deere's net sales were up 81% in the quarter while production tonnage almost doubled, up 97%. The division's operating profit of $88 million was helped by higher shipment and production volumes and improved price realization, partially offset by increased raw material costs and higher incentive compensation expenses, again, in line with our operating performance. On Slide 16, fundamentally, growth is slower coming out of this recession than previous ones. On the heels of last year's 41% increase, net sales in Construction & Forestry are now forecast to be up about 35% in fiscal 2011. This will bring forecast sales for the year to just above trough levels. C&F is benefiting from sales to independent rental companies and in the governmental segment. Also encouraging, Deere dealers continue to see an improvement in rental utilization and used equipment markets.  Meanwhile, Global Forestry markets are expected to build on last year's big gains. The industry was up about 50% last year. Our current forecast calls for a further increase of about 35% in 2011, led by strong pulp and paper prices. The full-year operating margin for Deere's C&F division is projected at about 8%. Slide 17 shows our new Interim Tier 4 compliance 8R tractor. We began producing it just last month. Customer response has been strong. There is limited availability remaining in our model year 2011 production, especially through the summer months. This new model reflects a simple, integrated and fully supported Interim Tier 4 solution and is symbolic of Deere's innovative use of technology throughout our product offerings. Turning to Slide 18. As another indication of our global growth opportunities, Deere announced two new operations during the first quarter, one in India and one in China, as well as an expansion for our existing Pune, India factory. The new Indian facility, representing an investment of about $100 million, will build small Ag tractors both for the local and export markets. Our new factory in China will begin production of four-wheel drive loaders and excavators in late 2012. The new factory will be located in TEDA, the Tianjin Economic Technological Development Area. Let's move now to our Financial Services operation. Slide 19 shows the worldwide Financial Services' annualized provision for credit losses as a percent of the total average owned portfolio as of 31 January 2011, at 13 basis points. This reflects much lower write-offs primarily in the Construction & Forestry portfolio. We are seeing fewer repossessions and much stronger used equipment values in addition to increased market pricing on the repossessions that are occurring and improving recovery rates. The 2011 full-year provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio is forecast to run around 38 basis points, down about 10 points from 2010. Moving to Slide 20. Worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company was $118 million in the quarter versus $85 million last year. Biggest factors were growth in the portfolio and a lower provision for credit losses. You'll notice we are providing income and guidance for Financial Services instead of Credit as we've done in the past. That's because the previous Credit segment and the Captive Insurance business, related to extended warranty policy that used to be included in the other segment, were combined in the quarter. This Insurance business did not meet the materiality threshold of reporting. Looking ahead, we are projecting worldwide Financial Services net income attributable to Deere & Company of about $400 million in 2011. Now let's turn our focus back to the Equipment operations and take a look at receivables and inventories on Slide 21. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories were up roughly $1.5 billion compared to the first quarter of 2010. This mainly reflects much stronger demand in most of our markets. On a full-year basis, receivables and inventories are expected to decrease about $250 million. That's a modest change compared to fiscal 2010, again, reflecting improved global prospects. Now let's discuss the latest on retail sales. Slide 22 presents the product category detail in the U.S. and Canada for the month of January expressed in units. Utility tractor industry sales were up 10%, Deere was up more than the industry. Row crop tractor industry sales were down 12%, and Deere was down in line with the industry. Four-wheel drive tractor industry sales were up 55%, Deere was up more than the industry. Combine industry sales were up 48%, and Deere was up more than the industry. Looking at Deere dealer inventories in the bottom chart for row crop tractors, Deere ended January with inventories at 16% of trailing 12-month sales. Combine inventories were at 11% of sales. Turning to Slide 23. In the EU-27, sales of John Deere tractors were up double digits in January, while combines were down a single digit. Deere's retail sales of selected Turf & Utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada were up double digits in the month. Construction & Forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada on both a first-in-the-dirt and settlement basis were up double digits for the month. On Slide 24. First quarter material costs were up about $115 million in comparison to the first quarter of 2010. By division, the increase was roughly 80% attributable to Ag & Turf and 20% Construction & Forestry. Commodity markets are extremely volatile and forecasting the impact on our business is challenging. For example, although spot steel prices have run up in the past quarter, most analysts are forecasting steel price reductions during calendar 2011. But the projected timing and the degree of those reductions varies widely. For the fiscal year, our forecast assumes a negative margin impact from raw materials of about one to two points, with the percentage breakdown by division similar to this quarter's. This is primarily due to contractual obligations for steel and rubber. We do anticipate price realization to fully cover these cost increases. Importantly, keep in mind, we continually work with our suppliers on structural cost reduction to offset any cost increases we can. Now let's take a look at a few housekeeping items. Looking at R&D expense on Slide 25, R&D was up about 14% in the first quarter with currency translation being negative by about one point. For fiscal 2011, R&D expense is expected to be up about 15%. As stated in previous quarters, R&D spending is expected to remain at high levels for the next few years as we approach significant product launches with Interim Tier 4 engines and soon thereafter Final Tier 4 emission standards. Also included in the increase is ongoing new product development expense for our growing global customer base. Moving to Slide 26. SA&G expense for the Equipment operations was up about 8% in the first quarter and is forecast up about 12% for fiscal 2011. Incentive compensation accounts for about three points of the increase in both the quarter and year, in line with our improved financial performance. For this full year, growth will account for about two points of the change, consistent with our global growth objectives. Currency translation on net sales will account for about one point of the increase. Moving to the income tax rate on Slide 27. The first quarter effective tax rate for the Equipment operations was about 31%. For 2011, our effective tax rate is now forecast to be in the range of 33% to 35%. Both rates are affected by the renewal of the R&D tax credit through this year. On Slide 28. You see our history of strong cash flow from Deere's Equipment operations. We anticipate cash flow from Equipment operations of about $3.3 billion in fiscal 2011. Such strong cash generation speaks to the successful execution of our SVA model, which emphasizes high returns from a lean slate of assets.  In fiscal 2011, as Slide 29 illustrates, capital expenditures are expected to be about $1.1 billion in the year, primarily driven by investments related to Interim Tier 4. The increase is also related to new product development, as well as our increased presence in global growth markets. Depreciation and amortization for 2011 is expected to be about $600 million, with pension and OPEB contributions of about $100 million. Slide 30 is a rearticulation of our use of cash priorities as we discussed last quarter. It expresses our commitment to a single-A rating, the funding of operating and growth needs, consistently and moderately raising the dividend and making share repurchases. Turning to Slide 31. You can see we have a relatively high level of unsecured term debt maturities in the Financial Services division, nearly $3 billion in 2011 and approximately $5 billion in 2012. The level and timing of the 2012 maturities will affect the amount of cash we are targeting to have on hand for year-end 2011.  Finally, turning to Slide 32, you see a summary of the amounts returned to shareholders through share repurchase over the last seven years. During the first quarter, we repurchased 3.6 million shares for about $300 million. Since 2004, we have repurchased about 123 million shares at a cost of $6.2 billion. In closing, John Deere has started out 2011 on a strongly positive note and is looking for further improvement in the quarters ahead. For the rest of the year, we'll be focused on increasing capacity, bringing productive new models of equipment to market and expanding our global competitive position. In this way, John Deere is strengthening its ability to capitalize on positive global economic trends through the aggressive funding of organic growth. And we'll continue returning cash to our stockholders as well. This approach, in our view, is the best way to produce high levels of value for our investors, customers and other constituents and the best way to do so sustainably over the long term. And of course, we're pretty excited about the way things are shaping up for the year ahead too.
Tony Huegel: Thank you, Susan. Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Stephen Volkmann. [Jefferies]
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: It's Jefferies. I'm wondering, I guess, just how to kind of interpret your guidance, I guess. And this is the way I'm going to phrase it. Obviously, some things have changed quite a bit in the last 90 days or so since we last heard from you. And I guess I'm trying to figure out whether you were surprised by the costs perhaps not coming on quite as strongly as you thought they would. Or if the end-market growth was really the key driver or maybe we just started out very conservative. How should we sort of interpret that? What happened during the quarter that really resulted in this big change here today?
James Field: During the quarter, and you can see in our outlook for sales as well as income, certainly, we have increased our production schedules and so on in the quarter. But from a cost perspective, not a tremendous amount of change. We talked about in the last quarter expecting higher volumes and the two points of price. Obviously, volumes have gone up. Pricing, we're still looking at two points of pricing. But from a cost side of things, raw material costs, we're looking at the one to two points of margin. And keep in mind, and we talked about this on the last call as well, that much of that comes in the latter half of the year. We also talked about mix in A&T, Ag & Turf, with the one point of margin. We would still expect that to happen. R&D, SA&G costs, IT product costs, last time, we gave you a guidance of about $135 million. That's increased a little bit to $160 million, again, indicative of some of the sales increases. And much of that is rest of the year. While we did shift some 8R tractors in January, that is pretty limited. So most of that will be in future quarters. We talked about absorption related to the inventory and receivable reduction year-over-year. And as you can see in the quarter, our inventories and receivables actually built, so that was a benefit in the quarter. But we're still forecasting for receivables and inventory at October 31, to be down year-over-year, not as far of a drop but still a reduction. So that perhaps is part of the story as well. As we build that receivables and inventory perhaps its masking some of those cost increases, the R&D and SA&G increases that we did talk about.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: But it sounds like the basic message is that this was mostly top line driven, and the costs are coming in about as you expected.
James Field: I would say that's a very fair characterization of it. I mean, the end markets for our customers have improved over the course of the quarter. And that's led to a firming up of our schedules. And as you suggest, it's primarily top line driven.
Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Maybe you could just give us an update on those order boards or how far out various things are sold.
James Field: On the order book, as Susan indicated, our orders are very strong this year, with the 8R tractors and the 9000 Series tractor, really very limited availability especially through the summer months. So that's very strong. Our early order program on the combines went very well. In addition, I think we're at the 90...
Susan Karlix: We're basically sold out.
James Field: Yes. So again, the order book is very strong. And we're very positive about the year in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Wertheimer. [Morgan Stanley]
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: It's Morgan Stanley. A quick question on just the 1Q margins, which were obviously very solid. I think it was a record in Ag & Turf. And I think that Construction & Forestry is up 300 bips on slightish [ph] quarter-over-quarter revenues. So the question is, is that a sign that the Tier 4 impact is coming through positive? And is it potentially something that could fade? I don't know whether you're selling emissions credits or sort of positive margin trade versus what is going to come through as true Tier 4 product?
Susan Karlix: First of all, in the first quarter, Rob, we have very little in the way of IT4 production other than the 8R. Construction would have only one model in production at this time. For them, the bulk of their product line really is subject to IT regulations starting next year because of the horsepower ranges.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: If you do less of, let's say, a volume discount for somebody who buys a lot of equipment on the farm equipment side and you get better realized pricing, is that within the 2% pricing or do you not expect any of your range in that pursuit?
Susan Karlix: Yes, that would be in our pricing.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: As you sort of start to get into the year, have you seen, as you balance the production, have you seen any upside potential to the stuff that you're starting to get sold out on, the factory shutdowns you do to change over to IT4? Do you think there is upside to your volume estimates? Or does it look pretty much like it did three or four months ago?
James Field: Basically, we talked last time about there was some upside potential. And as you can see, we did increase our schedules. It's reflected in our sales. So we would have very limited upside potential.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: So you think you used up kind of what you thought you have on the cushion. And you wouldn't assume that you have the same cushion as you said last time.
James Field: Correct. That would be correct and importantly for 2011.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin. [BofA Merrill Lynch]
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: BofA Merrill Lynch. Just a question on raw material costs. Just to understand your guidance specifically. Given the first quarter price increases, the lower end of your guidance does imply flat or positive contribution from raw material costs in the second half. Is that correct? If I'm thinking, it was like over $100 million in Q1, which sort of guiding 1% to 2%. So 1% would be like $250 million. So volumes really pick up in Q2, Q3, Q4 so it implies no raw material drag. I just want to understand what's going on here at the lower end of the guidance.
Marie Ziegler: There is a range at 1% to 2%. We have 2% positive price realization. If the raw material costs do come in at that 1%, clearly, that would be favorable and it would be somewhat back-end loaded. You are absolutely correct. We, however, are not sure where those prices exactly will come in for the reasons that Susan articulated and including the variability in steel costs. So that's why we have the range.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: So 1% just simply includes you taking what the Street are forecasting, what you commented on declining steel prices and that's what you come up with. And 2% would be another end of your scenario range. Is that fair?
James Field: Yes, the way to think about that 1% to 2%, Andrew, is that we have a very, very volatile situation particularly on steel and also with regard to rubber. So when we look at steel forecasts that are provided by various industry groups and associations. I mean we have a variance, for instance in the third quarter of calendar '11 from the low point on the forecast to the high forecast is 40% difference. And so I think the way to think about the 1% to 2% is its reflective of a very broad range given this high level of uncertainty where this pricing goes and when it goes. Because it's also very important because as you know, we have these several indexed agreements and when the price, when it arrives at whatever level it arrives at, is very important to us in terms of the resetting of the index. So when you look at the low end of the range or the high end of the range, it's just reflective of very, very high level of uncertainty.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch: And $2.5 billion in net income guidance has the low end, mid-point or the high end of the range?
Marie Ziegler: I'll be the one to weigh in. It's something we're not going to specify.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan [JP Morgan]
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: JP Morgan. Can you talk a little bit about the livestock sector? And that's one of the areas where you took up your asset for cash receipt. Both here and in Europe, I mean, that is the sector that I'm assuming you're seeing incremental improvements in and thus the comment about product mix maybe being a little bit more of a headwind this year versus the prior year. Am I interpreting that correctly?
Marie Ziegler: Livestock actually is, absolutely is in a recovery mode. Although it's something that we're watching carefully with the run up in feed costs, et cetera. But as, Ann, as we're talking about mix, just generally speaking, you're seeing improvements in some of the other, like Europe, which would certainly be livestock range but just more generally reflecting very good conditions.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On Europe, the VDMA get us the registration in Germany for January and they were up 57%. What are you seeing there? What is your organization seeing in Europe in terms of -- I know you commented on livestock, but livestock versus crops and the expectation for improved planting this year. Just a little bit more color on the fundamentals in Europe as we head into [indiscernible] (50:26) in Paris next week?
James Field: If you look at the EU-27, as we indicated earlier, the sentiment is very positive there. Crop prices have continued to rise and stabilized at very strong level. From a livestock perspective, milk and beef prices are at high levels. There is some weakness in pork. But as a general rule, livestock is trending very positive. And again, we also talked about in previous calls, we talked about the used equipment overhang in the EU-27. And that has greatly improved and really returning to more normal levels, which of course is the quarter [ph] of new sales. So in general, things are trending up. I think you see that in our outlook as well.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So I'm assuming if Europe turns out to be better than anticipated, you still have capacity in Europe?
Marie Ziegler: We have the ability to respond. That would be a true statement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich. [Goldman Sachs]
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It's Goldman Sachs. Can you talk about what your raw material guidance assumes for steel and tire inflation? And would you consider a tire surcharge mechanism? Also, you mentioned 8R price increases, are you considering price increase on other product lines as well if inflation hits the high end of the range, Susan, that you outlined?
Tony Huegel: And we don't, as Jim just mentioned, we don't have a specific assumption in terms of where steel pricing goes. Again, if you look out and we look at various analysts, things are all over the board in terms of where we would be in calendar third quarter, for example. And fourth quarter also has not as wide of a variation. But certainly some variation in terms of where the pricing is going. So in terms of a surcharge, that would not be something we would normally consider. So the other question I think you had was on price increases. And certainly we're always looking over a long term, we would expect to price at levels that would enable us to meet our income targets. But keep in mind, price increases now because of our sold ahead and our order book position has, would have limited impact on current year. That would really be, the price increase we mentioned earlier is largely a 2012 implication versus 2011, has limited impact this year.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And can you give us an update on customer credit availability in Russia and CIS? Any discussions on potential government financing, subsidy programs, potentially longer-term based on your relationships in the region?
Tony Huegel: We did in the quarter, financing seems to be easing and opening up a little bit. But in terms of where that financing is coming from, again, it's a wide variety of places. And it's really dependent on the individual customer in terms of where that financing is coming in.
Marie Ziegler: And I'll just chime in that we are working on developing other alternatives in the region, but we have no announcements.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And Marie, just with the other alternatives, is that with governments as partners? Or is that with local...
Marie Ziegler: It's a variety. We have a variety of alternatives that we're working on. I can't give a definitive answer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Henry Kirn. [UBS]
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: It's UBS. On the supply chain, can you talk about where you may be feeling tightness there? And how much that would constrain you if you wanted to take production much higher as you went through the year?
James Field: Really, as we talked about our production schedules have grown a lot this year and certainly have heavy build schedules. We work closely with our suppliers. At this point, there are no major issues that we're aware of. Of course, as we talked about before, there are day-to-day issues and challenges that we work through. But again, we'll just continue to work with our suppliers. But no, there aren't supplier constraints that we would be able to point to you today that would prevent us from expanding.
Marie Ziegler: Really, we're looking at more issues of capacity in managing our emissions credits, planned product transitions. Remember, we have a significant number of product transitions ahead of us. And so there are a lot of factors at play as we look at our abilities to further increase schedule.
Henry Kirn - UBS Investment Bank: And could you talk a little bit about what you're hearing from Ag and Construction customers about the tax bonus depreciation for this year?
Marie Ziegler: I think it is certainly a factor as you look at the market, but so would be the very strong incomes and the need for good equipment. We think in the U.S. alone, we'll plant over 7 million more acres this year than we did last year. So the thing is if you look at it, Henry, incrementally year-over-year while they tweaked some of the programs, we've been in a period of bonus depreciation for several years now. So I don't think at the margin, it's a factor on the Ag side, incrementally on the Ag side. On the Construction side, that incentive alone is not a reason for people to buy equipment. They buy equipment if they know they're going to use it and it will be operational. So we think the activity that we're seeing in the market, which is and the biggest changes there have been in the rental and some on the governmental side. Those things are really driven by need, not incentive.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso. [ISI Group]
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: ISI. Just a quick question on the Interim Tier 4 for the non-8000. What is the timing expected for the Interim Tier 4 9000, 7000 and also the new combine?
Tony Huegel: Again, we've not given specific dates on any of those other than second half of the year. And nothing further has been announced.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: Do you have any flexibility in the timing of that, just again due to the idea of second half calendar year, if you do have some relatively strong demand? The timing of that, do you feel it's under your control? Where if you do, you say you run out of the pre Interim Tier 4, is there going to be any hole in the production schedule where the dealers are looking for product but you're not ready for the Interim Tier 4 to be released?
Tony Huegel: We would not anticipate that being an issue.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: And on the pricing announced, the 3.5%, obviously, one of the products mentioned is already Tier 4. But how should I think about new 9000 Series, 7000 Series Interim Tier 4 pricing for '12? Is this 3.5% trying to smooth out that Interim Tier 4 increase for next year? Or is it completely separate and I should think of Interim Tier 4 is going to get another XYZ percent, whatever that would do with the cost?
Tony Huegel: It would be separate. We would expect that as we introduce the new products, that there would be pricing associated with that.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: In Construction equipment, how should we be thinking about the margins this year in Construction & Forestry?
Marie Ziegler: In what way? I'm not sure where you're going with this.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: Well the margins just came in at 7.7%. Should we be looking at low double digit? How should we be thinking about margins?
Marie Ziegler: Our guidance that we provided was that we were thinking about an 8% margin on the Construction & Forestry business.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: And to that point, we're at 7.7% now, the lack of improvement the rest of the year have any significance. Why would that be, given the revenue growth? Is it costs or is it pricing...
Marie Ziegler: As we moved through last year, we were increasing our schedules. So your comparisons change over the course of the year. Plus you see our costs will accelerate as we move through the year. And do bear in mind, there's SAP conversion as we move from the second to the third quarter. So there is a lot going on in that division as we move into the year. And their IT4 compliance, their product startups are definitely more back half loaded.
David Raso - ISI Group Inc.: The new product in IT, before, it seemed like you felt the material costs may be become less of a drag late in the year?
Marie Ziegler: We've got a range on material costs so I'm not prepared to specific...
James Field: But the IT4 material costs is back end loaded. So we're dealing with two different buckets of material costs. One is what's going on in the steel markets and rubber markets. And then the other is the increased costs associated with IT4 and that clearly is back half loaded.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten. [Longbow Securities]
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Longbow Securities. One clarification, your 1% to 2% margin impact on material costs, you originally said $250 million, are you really saying somewhere between $250 million and $500 million in round numbers?
Marie Ziegler: Yes.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: That's correct, isn't it?
Marie Ziegler: Yes.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: And the only way you're at the lower end is if steel prices stop going up and come down.
James Field: I'm not sure we can give you a steel forecast.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Question on the big capital spending that you're doing. I think you indicated a couple of minutes ago that your ability to further increase schedules this year would be limited, the bulk of it. How much incremental capacity you think you have available for 2012 versus 2011 with some [ph] of the spending that was going on this year? You're running pretty full out at this point.
Marie Ziegler: Eli, the bulk of the spending that you're seeing is not capacity adds in our traditional markets. The bulk of it really reflects IT4-related products, expenditures, some refreshing of things in conjunction with IT4. There is some growth in some market's growth spending. And we've been talking for several quarters about some of the new facilities that we're building. I think you might be referring to the fact that we did delay some capital, specifically at Waterloo. In the financial crisis, you may recall that in 2008, we had two separate ASEs that collectively would have raised Waterloo's capacity by about 40%. We had 25 points of the 40-point increase in place and then elected to defer. And that capacity of the additional 15 points will come in over the course of 2012.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: I guess what I'm asking is how much, since you're running pretty full out this year, [indiscernible] (1:02:31) available in 2012 versus '11 in the core product lines.
James Field: If you're referring to large tractors and combines, yes. Because keep in mind, and we've talked about the fact that -- when we talk about having limited capacity this year, that's due to the constraints with all of the transitions with IT4. That goes away for 2012.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: So you will have some reasonable ability to produce more physical product next year. That's what I'm really asking.
James Field: Yes, on the large equipment. Keep in mind, we go through, on the smaller Ag, we go through a transition next year in 2012. Theyll be facing some of the transitions that the large equipment is facing this year.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Can you help me with the pricing on the 8000 tractor? I thought the year-over-year pricing was about 9.6%. And now I think you just said it was another three. Is that indicative of the kinds of pricing we can expect on Interim Tier 4 for next year, that as those products are rolling out, they could begin to approach double-digit price increases year-over-year?
Marie Ziegler: We have a variety of pricing strategies and things that we're looking at in our pricing. So you really can't look at one model and say it's indicative of what we'll be doing across the product line, Eli.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research LLC: Right now, we're looking at 2% pricing year-over-year. And I know you adjusted for future, and all that. But that's mostly raw materials driven. But theres a second level of pricing affecting the market, which is regulatory driven and it seems it's much, much bigger than what we're seeing in raw material. I'm just trying to get a handle of how to think about that.
Marie Ziegler: The regulatory pricing is reclassed, as you know, into our volume numbers. And we don't have a specific amount that we are publicly articulating model-by-model on regulatory. It's a factor as we look at the overall pricing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Casey. [Wells Fargo Securities]
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Wells Fargo Securities. Just a follow-up on the Construction outlook. Should we expect most of the projected receivable reduction to occur in Q2?
Marie Ziegler: No.
James Field: We dont believe that is the case.
Marie Ziegler: No, we are not. It will occur over the course of the year.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So it wasn't entirely a buildup in Q1 in front of the SAP-related shutdown?
James Field: Well, certainly, for Construction and Forestry, the SAP shutdown would be a part of that. But as we look at Ag, which is the larger, a big chunk of that receivable and inventory buildup, that will come out throughout the year.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Maybe I wasn't specific. I was just talking about the Construction outlook for receivables.
James Field: I was looking at everything. It would be about the same. It's really throughout the year.
Andrew Casey - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then kind of a question on availability for some stuff that we don't talk about that much. Is the availability for cotton pickers and sugarcane harvesters similar to combines right now?
Marie Ziegler: It's pretty much sold out, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber. [RBC]
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: It's RBC. On the Construction business, can you just give us some clarity? Was pricing positive there in the quarter?
Tony Huegel: Both divisions contributed to the pricing, yes.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And just conceptually, as we move deeper into the year on the Construction business, as you move further away from some of the early buyers, should we think the pricing would get better there as there's less discounting?
Marie Ziegler: I would not be able to articulate, I guess, a different set of expectations. Our pricing actually is fairly good in Construction. And we would expect it to continue. We don't know that we would have a different expectation as we move through the course of the year.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I mean, the thought was just...
Tony Huegel: To add to that, we've experienced, as we've shared with you previously, we've had pretty reasonable price realization in the Construction business throughout the course of the crisis and the period that followed that. And we would anticipate...
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: The thought was just maybe initially you get the big customers buying early and then you get better pricing from the smaller customers. And I guess just my follow-up question is on the higher revenue guide. Does that affect at all the absorption headwinds that you guys had talked about last quarter? I think it was $100 million. Does that change at all? How we should be thinking about it?
Marie Ziegler: That wasn't an absorption number. That really was just strictly overhead related to all the significant amount of capital and the startups and things like that. And nothing has changed in that outlook.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Koznarek. [Cleveland Research]
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Cleveland Research. Just a clarification, where do IT4 technology costs reside? Is that considered part of your materials costs?
Marie Ziegler: The development of or the actual, like catalytic converter?
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: The actual content on 8R.
Marie Ziegler: That would be in product costs.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: So some of your upgraded schedule outlook is incorporated in your higher materials outlook?
Tony Huegel: Keep in mind, we're giving a separate number related to the IT4 costs and that did increase. We're now looking at about $160 million in the year versus on our last call, we said $135 million. And that again is indicative of the increased schedule.
James Field: But that's separate and distinct from the one to two points of material inflation.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: So where does that IT4, the $160 million reside?
Tony Huegel: That will be in product costs. It will be in our cost of sales.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: So both are in COGS but you're just splitting different buckets.
Tony Huegel: We're splitting those out, that's correct.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: The question I had, had to do with CIS given that you've got an outlook that's moderately improving, but it's off a very low base. I'm just wondering if you can help maybe characterize the market a little bit different. I think in past discussions, the commentary suggests that the market is down 70% or 80% from the peak. First of all, is that a reasonable assessment? And are we talking about getting half way back this year? Or what kind of magnitude of improvement are we talking about prior, relative to prior peak?
Tony Huegel: The first half of your question, yes, that would be a reasonable view of where things went. But the answer to the second part of your question is no, we wouldn't expect that kind of an increase this year. Things are certainly turning and improving not to that level.
James Field: I think we would use the word moderate in the way that, I mean, 50% of it would not be our view of moderate. So we're not going to give a specific percent. But I think when we say moderate you can, I mean, we mean moderate.
Operator: Our final question comes from Jamie Cook.
Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG: Can you give us an update? Last quarter, you talked about closing down facilities for two weeks. Where we are and are we still assuming April time period?
Tony Huegel: Actually, it would be, pretty much, they're looking at April, late April, early May. And that is still on schedule. I assume you're referring to the SAP conversion for Construction & Forestry.
Jamie Cook - Crdit Suisse AG: And is that still two weeks?
Tony Huegel: Yes, that's still two weeks.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you all for participating. The IR team will be available the rest of the day to answer your questions.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-11-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James Field  Chief Financial Officer Marie Ziegler  Vice President, Treasurer Tony Huegel  Director of Investor Relations Susan Karlix  Investor Relations
Analysts: Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs Meredith Taylor  Barclays Research Henry Kirn  UBS David Raso  ISI Group Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities Greg Williams  JP Morgan Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities Steven Volkmann  Jefferies & Company 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Deeres Fourth Quarter Earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question and answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin.
Marie Ziegler: Hello everyone. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Karlix and Justin Marovek. In addition, Tony Huegel joins us today as the newly-appointed Director of Investor Relations. Many of you know Tony based on his previous experience in our department. He has a strong familiarity with the practice of investor relations as well as a deep understanding of Deere. Tony will be in transition between now and the end of January. Tony, Susan and Justin make up a strong investor relations team that, as in the past, will be available to respond to your questions and share information about the Company. And now, Tony.
Tony Huegel: Thanks, Marie. Today well take a closer look at Deeres fourth quarter earnings; then spend some time talking about our markets and the outlook for 2011. After that well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder that this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call.  This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Companys projections, plans, and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information.  Now for a closer look at the fourth quarter, heres Susan.
Susan Karlix: Thanks, Tony. Today John Deere wrapped up 2010 with the announcement of our fourth quarter results. All in all, it was an excellent quarter and an extremely good year. Fourth quarter earnings were $457 million, the highest ever for the final quarter of the year. Total revenues climbed 35%. The improvement was broad-based but led by ag and turf which had another strong quarter. Our other divisions, construction and forestry and credit, reported dramatically higher profit as well.  Our performance for both the quarter and full year reflected a disciplined approach to executing the Companys business plan and a sharper strategic focus. It also reflected positive conditions in the U.S. farm sector which led to a highly favorable sales mix of larger equipment. Even so, these results were achieved in spite of weakness in key regions such as Europe and key businesses such as construction equipment. For the year as a whole, John Deere registered its second-highest ever level of sales, earnings and enterprise cash flow. All that said, the ultimate measure of how well we did in 2010 may be found in the generation of economic profit, or what we call SVA  shareholder value-added. For the last decade, it has been one of our primary metrics in managing the Company. SVA for the full year was $1.714 billion, the highest ever. That may be the best yardstick of our success in delivering a high level of profit while managing costs and assets. It was in summary a great quarter and a good year, and it puts the Company in position for what we see as an even stronger performance in 2011.  Lets look at the quarter in more detail starting with Slide 3. As is previewed, net sales and revenues were up 35% to $7.2 billion in the quarter. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $457 million, the highest ever income for a fourth quarter. Slide 4 outlines the expenses incurred in fiscal 2009 for goodwill impairment related to the John Deere landscapes reporting unit and voluntary employee separation associated with the formation of the agricultural and turf division. Net income in the fourth quarter of 2010 was up more than threefold, excluding these two charges.  Turning to Slide 5, total worldwide equipment operations and net sales were up 39% to $6.6 billion, the second-highest fourth quarter net sales total ever. Currency translation on net sales was positive, adding one point, and price realization in the quarter was positive by three points. On Slide 6, worldwide production tonnage was up 59% in the quarter and up 15% in the fiscal year. Both SBUs saw higher tonnage in the quarter as a result of continued strong demand for large ag equipment, strength in South America, and construction and forestry markets rebounding from the very low levels of 2009. For the first quarter of fiscal 2011, worldwide production tonnage is forecast to be up about 39% and for the full year up approximately 8%. Slide 7 illustrates the year-over-year change in tonnage by quarter. As you see, the year-over-year pace of change increased as we went through 2010. In contrast, 2011 will start strong then decelerate in the second half. Partly this is because were up against some tough comparisons but also production will be strongest in the first half of the year to facilitate the transition to Interim Tier 4. In addition, 2011 will be a year of significant new model introductions due in large part to the engine conversion. Associated with this change, we will experience some production limits and transitional issues. In addition, construction and forestrys production level will be front-end loaded due to their implementation of SAP. Both at Davenport and Dubuque works will be shut down for approximately two weeks in the year as they switch to the new system. Lets turn to the Company outlook on Slide 8. First quarter sales are expected to be up approximately 34% compared with the first quarter of 2010. Currency translation on net sales has a negative impact by about 2 points. For the full year, net equipment sales are forecast to be up 10 to 12% compared with fiscal year 2010. This includes about 1 point of negative currency translation and approximately 2 points of positive price realization. Net income attributable to Deere & Company is forecast to be approximately $2.1 billion in fiscal 2011. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with agriculture and turf on Slide 9. Production tonnage was up 50% in the quarter on easy comparisons and strong retail demand. Sales increased 33%. Operating profit was $662 million. The profit improvement was primarily due to higher shipment and production volumes and improved price realizations partially offset by higher incentive compensation expenses and increased raw material costs. The division had an operating margin of about 12% in the quarter and an incremental margin of approximately 24% when you strip out the goodwill impairment and voluntary employee separation expenses taken in the fourth quarter of 2009. Before we review the sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the ag business starting on Slide 10. Extreme weather conditions in many parts of the world have led to lower yields and concerns over tight supplies. That has sent the outlook up considerably for crop prices in the 2010/2011 crop year. Our first look at the 11/12 crop year has prices remaining at strong levels. Corn prices are being helped by increased global demand. We project that 2010/2011 corn stocks in the U.S. and Canada will end below 1 billion bushels and not significantly increase in 2011/2012. Growing global consumption for soybeans is expected to keep exports from the U.S. at strong levels, helping to maintain the soybean prices at favorable levels. 2010/2011 global wheat stocks are projected to be down about 12% from the 09/10 levels, keeping prices strong. 2010/2011 cotton prices remain strong given by the recovery in global demand. Turning to Slide 11, 2010 U.S. farm cash receipts are now forecast to be up about 9% from 2009 rising to about $322 billion. Our forecast for 2011 has farm cash receipts increasing to nearly 347 billion. This would surpass the all-time high of 330.5 billion recorded in 2008 by almost 5%. Farm cash receipts for both the current and prior year are an important driver of ag equipment sales. Deeres outlook for EU-27 is shown on Slide 12. First, grain prices are at very attractive levels and milk and beef prices continue to rise. European farmer sentiment is improving but some fundamentals are weighing on producers minds and they are outlined on the slide. Bottom line, however, is for the first time in the last two years we are starting to see a turnaround in demand for agricultural equipment in Europe. Next, farm income in Brazil and Argentina is on Slide 13. In Brazil, farm net income is expected to be up 180% in 2011 led by big increases in sugar cane and soybeans. These are the two crops that drive the bulk of equipment purchases in Brazil. Contributing to strength in the region is strong global demand for Brazilian commodities, lower production costs, and government-sponsored low rate finance programs like Fonami [?] TSI that has been extended through the end of March 2011. Although we highlighted our new or updated products in Brazil in the second quarter call, Slide 14 does so again. These products were launched in May with full availability for fiscal 2011 and wed be remiss if we didnt mention that October was Deeres biggest month ever for tractor and combine sales in Brazil. Further, we added about 25 dealer locations in 2010, enhancing our ability to meet the product support and service needs of our growing customer base. We currently have approximately 200 dealer locations in Brazil. Slide 15 highlights two exciting events that took place this quarter in India for the ag and turf and construction and forestry divisions. In late September, ag and turf had a ground-breaking ceremony and in October began construction of a combine factory in India. This marks John Deeres entry into the harvesting business there. Full production is expected to begin in the first half of fiscal 2012. Youve heard us talk about our joint venture with Ashok Leyland for some time. The inauguration of the 200,000 square foot facility took place on October 21. Hiring is underway and production, initially of backhoes, is expected to begin in the first half of 2011.  Our 2011 industry outlooks are on Slide 16. Fundamentals in the U.S. and Canadian farm sectors remain robust but reflecting the transition to Interim Tier 4, industry sales of agricultural equipment in the region are forecast to be about flat in 2011. With respect to Deere, we continue to see strength in our order books. The combine early order program is progressing well and as planned. In absolute numbers, orders are ahead of last year. In the sprayer, planter, and tillage equipment programs we are seeing strong results, even above last year; and demand for large tractors remains strong. The 8R series tractor with its Interim Tier 4 engine is being very well accepted. We have conducted aggressive training on the new 8R in the areas of technology, capability and support. Also, customers are excited about the performance of and the new telematics on the tractor. In fact, dealers report that some customers who had submitted orders early to receive 8R tractors with Tier 3 engines have changed their order to later in the year to receive an Interim Tier 4 compliant machine. Also, some customers who bought a new 8R tractor in 2010 are already discussing trades for the 2011 machine. We are encouraged by the initial orders of more than 2,500 8R units, all of which are retail sold. Effective availability for the 8R series tractors is May 2011.  Earlier we touched on the conditions in western Europe. As noted earlier, we are encouraged that the demand is beginning to turn. In 2011, we expect ag sales to be up 5 to 10% in western Europe. Sales in central Europe and the CIS are expected to see moderate gains from the depressed levels of 2010. Asia sales are expected to increase moderately from the very strong levels of 2010. And industry sales in South America are expected to be flat in 2011 from the strong levels in 2010. Although the underlying economic fundamentals are positive, our industry retail forecast includes lower sales from Brazilian government programs that target small farmers and a return to higher interest rates if the Fonami TSI extension expires on March 31. In summary, with Deeres lineup of new products, we are excited about our prospects in South America. Turning to another product category, after rising almost 15% in 2010, we expect retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada to be about flat in 2011. We have seen an uptick in the commercial mowing segment and our new utility vehicles have experienced an extremely successful launch. Putting this all together on Slide 17, Deere sales for worldwide ag and turf are projected to be up 7 to 9% for 2011 with an operating margin around 13%. In 2010 the ag and turf divisions operating margin benefited by about 2 points due to the mix of large ag sales in comparison with a normal year. That effect is expected to moderate somewhat in 2011 as small ag equipment sales recover from their fairly low levels of the past few years. The mix impact in 2011 will be about 1 point. Lets focus now on construction and forestry on Slide 18. Deeres net sales were up 75% in the quarter while production tonnage was up 129%. The divisions operating profit of $54 million was impacted by higher shipment and production volumes, incentive compensation expenses, raw material costs, and post-retirement benefit expenses.  On Slide 19 following a 41% increase in 2010, net sales in construction and forestry are forecast to be up 25 to 30% in fiscal 2011. To put these numbers in perspective and to truly appreciate the severity of the decline in C&F market, this years increase will put the division sales at about what has historically been considered a trough level. We are forecasting the U.S. construction industry to be up about 25% for the full year. Growth is slower coming out of this recession than others, but we are encouraged by the activity we have seen from the independent rental companies and in the governmental segment. Also encouraging, Deere dealers continue to see an improvement in rental utilization and used equipment markets.  Meanwhile, global forestry markets were up significantly in 2010 from the very low levels of 2009 and are expected to be up further in 2011. Globally the industry was up about 50% in 2010 and our current forecast calls for a further increase of 25 to 30% in 2011. The full year operating margin for Deeres C&F division is forecast to be in the mid single digits. Lets move now to our credit operations. Slide 20 shows the worldwide credit operations provision for credit losses as a percent of the total average owned portfolio. For fiscal 2010, the provision was 48 basis points. Write-offs in the construction and forestry portfolio continue to improve. We are seeing fewer repossessions and increased pricing on the repossessions that are occurring, as well as improving recovery rates. The 2011 full year provision for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio is forecast to run around 45 basis points. On Slide 21, past dues for the worldwide credit operations were lower than 2009 overall. Moving to Slide 22, worldwide credit operations net income attributable to Deere & Company was $91 million in the quarter versus a net loss of 22 million last year. The biggest factors were the reversal and deferral of wind energy tax credits eligible for cash grants this year, a lower provision for credit losses, improved financing spreads, and growth in the portfolio.  Speaking of wind, as previously announced we have signed a definitive agreement to sell the wind energy business. Subject to regulatory approval, the transaction is expected to close in December. A charge of about 20 million after tax is included in the fourth quarter results. Looking ahead, we are projecting worldwide credit operations net income attributable to Deere & Company of about $360 million in 2011.  Now lets turn our focus back to the equipment ops and take a look at receivables and inventories on Slide 23. For the Company as a whole, receivables and inventory were up roughly $1.5 billion in 2010 versus 2009. Keep in mind we ended fiscal 2009 with receivables and inventories at extremely low levels. They were $1.3 billion lower than at the end of fiscal 2008. Also, 2010 year-end inventories were higher due to strong end markets and the timing of Interim Tier 4 transitions. By the end of fiscal 2011, receivables and inventories are expected to be down about $675 million.  Now lets discuss the latest on retail sales. Slide 24 presents the product category detail in the U.S. and Canada for the month of October expressed in units. Utility tractor industry sales were up 11%. Deere was at more than the industry. Row-crop tractor industry sales were up 40%. Deere was up more than the industry. Four-wheel drive industry sales were up 63%. Deere was up more. And the combine industry sales were up 18%. Again, Deere was up more than the industry. Looking at Deere dealer inventories in the bottom chart, for row-crop tractors Deere ended October with inventories at 16% of trailing 12-month sales. Combine inventories were at 2% of sales. Turning to Slide 25, in western Europe sales of John Deere tractors and combines were up double digits in October. Deeres retail sales of selected turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada were up double digits in the month; and construction and forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada on both the first-in-the-dirt and settlement basis were up double digits for the month. Slide 26 shows raw material and logistics costs up about $80 million in the quarter and down about 135 million for fiscal 2010. Our fiscal 2011 calls for raw material and logistics costs to be up about 250 million compared with last year. By division this includes about 175 million increased for ag and turf, and about 75 million for construction and forestry. The significant material cost tailwind of about $230 million in the first half of 2010 is not forecast to be repeated in 2011. Now lets look at a few housekeeping items. Looking at R&D expense on Slide 27, R&D was up about 14% in the fourth quarter with currency translation being negative by about 2 points. For fiscal 2010, R&D expense was up about 8%. For fiscal 2011, R&D expense was expected to be up about 15%.  As we stated last quarter, R&D spending is expected to remain at high levels as we approach significant product launches with Interim Tier 4 engines and soon thereafter we respond to Final Tier 4 emission standards. Also included in the increase is the ongoing new product development expense for our growing global customer base. Moving now to Slide 28, pension and OPEB expense in the fourth quarter was up about $70 million, bringing the full year increase to about $345 million. Pension and OPEB expense is expected to be about flat in fiscal 2011. On Slide 29, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 15% in the fourth quarter. Variable incentive compensation accounted for about 11 points of the increase while pension and OPEB expense added about 2 points. For fiscal 2010, SA&G was up about 10 points. Variable incentive compensation accounted for about 6 points of the change as the Companys performance continued to improve. One factor was record-setting SVA reflecting our continued focus on execution and asset efficiency. Pension and OPEB accounted for about 2 points of the SA&G increase and currency translation about 2 points. SA&G is expected to be up about 6 points for fiscal 2011. In line with our growth objective, growth will account for about 2 points of the change with variable incentive compensation accounting for about 1 point. Moving to the tax rates on Slide 30, the fourth quarter effective tax rate for equipment operations was about 42%. The full year 2010 effective tax rate was about 41% including the tax expense of about 130 million related to U.S. healthcare legislation recognized in the second quarter. Excluding the charge, the effective tax rate for 2010 would have been about 36%. For 2011, our effective tax rate is forecast to be in the range of 35 to 37%. On Slide 31 you see our record of strong cash flow from Deeres equipment operation. We anticipate cash flow from equipment ops of about $3 billion in fiscal 2011. Such strong cash generation speaks to successful execution of our SVA model which emphasizes high returns from a lean slate of assets.  In light of such strong cash flow, we thought it appropriate to review our use of cash priorities as outlined on Slide 32. First is the importance of a single-A rating. Deeres worldwide credit operation provides a strategic advantage in funding customer purchases; but this is true only so long as we can access the credit markets on a cost-effective basis. One of the key elements to this end is maintaining a single-A rating, which is our top priority. The rating agencies expect 12 months of debt maturities to be covered by cash and/or untapped credit facilities. This also implies appropriately our pension and OPEB benefits, which we have done proactively and prudently over the years. In fact, at the end of fiscal 2010 the accumulated benefit obligation for Deeres U.S. hourly and salaried plans was 102% funded, while the projected benefit obligation was 98% funded.  Our second use of cash priority is funding value-creating investments in our operations such as the two facilities in India that we just referenced, or our factory in Domodedovo, Russia that was opened earlier in the year.  A third priority is to provide for the common stock dividend. Over time, we want to consistently deliver a series of moderately increased dividends while targeting at 25 to 35% payout ratio on average. In this regard, we are mindful of the importance of maintaining the dividend and plus not growing it beyond a point that can be comfortably sustained by our cash flow. Share repurchase is our method of deploying excess cash once the previous requirements are met and as long as the share repurchase is viewed as value enhancing.  Slide 33 addresses unsecured term debt maturities over the next two years, nearly $3 billion in 2011 and approximately $5 billion in 2012. The relatively high level and timing of maturities in 2012 will affect the amount of cash we are targeting for year-end 2011.  Slide 34 summarizes share repurchases by fiscal year. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 3.5 million shares for about $255 million, bringing total shares repurchased this year to over 5 million. Looking into 2011, given our projected cash flow and use of cash priorities, it is fair to say that our forecast contemplates additional share repurchases in the coming year. Finally Slide 35 summarizes sources and uses of cash since we restarted the share repurchase program back in 2004 and began a run of seven dividend increases. Youll note that we have returned over $7 billion of cash to shareholders over this time, representing about 55% of the cash generated by operations. This accomplishment demonstrates our focus on delivering value to investors. Turning to Slide 36, capital expenditures were $735 million in fiscal 2010 primarily driven by the Interim Tier 4 emission rules. Depreciation and amortization was about $550 million. Pension and OPEB contributions were about 840 million in the year. Looking ahead to fiscal 2011, as Slide 37 illustrates, capital expenditures are expected to be about $1 billion in the year. The increase is due to new product development in new markets such as our entry into the harvesting business in India, as mentioned earlier. Depreciation and amortization for 2011 is expected to be about $550 million with pension and OPEB contributions of about 300 million. In closing, John Deere enters 2011 on a strong pace. We are looking for further improvements in the year ahead as a result of some pickup in overall economic conditions and a farm sector that remains very sound in general and is gaining strength in some of our key markets. At the same time, the Company is aiming to capitalize on this positive environment by pursuing new markets, adding productive new models of equipment and extending its competitive position throughout the world. John Deeres plans for helping meet the worlds growing need for food, shelter and infrastructure are well on track and moving ahead at an accelerated rate. Thats one of the reasons we remain highly confident about the Companys increasingly attractive future prospects and about our ability to deliver significant value to customers and investors well into the future.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Susan. We are now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The Operator will instruct us on the polling procedure but as a reminder, in consideration of others, please limit yourself to one question with a related follow-up, and if you have additional questions we ask that you rejoin the queue. Shirley?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press star, one. Please unmute your line and record your name clearly. To withdraw your request, you may press star, two. And one moment for our first question. Our first question comes from Jamie Cook. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse:  Hi, good morning. Credit Suisse. Im trying to understand your guidance in a number of different ways, but Ill start first with your outlook for construction and forestry. I mean, if we assume a 27.5 sales increase, which is the mid-point of your guidance, and you said mid single digit margins, Im trying to figure out why margins would be that low because that gets you to about 4.7 billion in sales. Its about 100 million lower than 2008, and at that point you had almost a 10% margin. So Im just trying to figure out how you think about that and whether you feel thats sort of acceptable internally for your margins to be half of what they would be on a similar sales level.
Marie Ziegler: Okay, well well deal with construction and forestry, then. First of all, as Susan pointed out, this is about 70% of our average or typical volume, so even with that very significant increase, Jamie, that just puts us to the bottom of where we would normally be operating. The other thing I would point out, and this will certainly have an impact on the ag and turf division as well, is that although we have good volume increases, we talked about raw material costs, we talked about R&D and SA&G. We have some other expenses that Im going to give the number for the Company because I dont have them split by division, but they are important for the construction and forestry division as well, and that would include IT4 product costs. We have raw material costs, thats inflation adjustments if you will, but these new IT4 compliant machines cost more money because theres more hardware on them, and the cost for the Company is about $135 million, we estimate, for next year. And thisactually, we do have a little bit of a split. We think its about 100 for the ag and turf, and about 35 for the construction and forestry. We also have some higher overhead expenses due to just the fact that we will be in transition. Susan mentioned that construction and forestry will have a two-week shutdown as they transition to SAP, which has some additional human resources assigned to help facilitate that, and then additionally just the mere transition to IT4, which causes some inefficiencies, if you will, in the factory. And third thing that, again, affects the Company, less so construction but nonetheless something to note, is that absorption is about $100 million hit in 2011.  So when you look at those factors, you can see why we have the kinds of margins that we do. We will continue to work to improve our margins. Obviously youve heard us talk about our aspirations, which are a 12% operating margin on average over time, and a peak margin of about 14.5%, and those are still very much in play; but in 2011 we have some unique circumstances. 
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: And then just I guess my follow up question is I think you saidI mean, just given your industry outlook for U.S. and Brazil, which comprised a big part of your farm equipment business. I understand Europe is getting better, but do you sort ofgiven that the tougher comps in your guidance that you have in North America and South America, and Europe coming up at a lesser percentage, that farm margins have already sort of peaked? Or do you still think you can achieve that target of 14.5? Or you said your margins will increase 2 to 250 basis points above prior peak within farm specifically.
Marie Ziegler: Go ahead, Tony.
Tony Huegel: Yes, we do believe we can achieve the 14.5%, and were not walking away from that bogey at all on the ag equipment business or on the construction business as well. When you look at the ag business on a global basis, you have to realize that were roughly at mid-cycle volumes. I mean, we have some strength in North America but we have some other markets that are very, very soft, namely western Europe and the CIS. 
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: So as a percentage of mid-cycle, sorry, where do you think you are in farm?
Tony Huegel: Roughly mid-cycle.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Mid-cycle?
Tony Huegel: On a global basis.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: On a globaland the other areas are big enough? I mean, the areas that would pick up are eastern Europeyou know what I mean? I mean, your biggest markets to meso youre suggesting your bigger markets arent in peak?
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely. Absolutely, and western Europe is still very far below peak and is a bigger market than Brazil. Thanks, Jamie.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jerry Revich. You may ask your question, and please state your company name.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. Its Goldman Sachs. Marie and Tony, congratulations.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Thank you. 
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Marie, should we interpret your outlook for rising construction and forestry working capital to mean that the IT4 transition impacts less of your product line up in the business in 2011 than in ag, and should we look for that transition cost that you described to continue in coming years as you transition additional products to IT4, or will the transition this year put you in a better position to implement the remaining products?
Marie Ziegler: There will be some additional transitional costs as we move into 2012, certainly. In terms of for the division, the bulk of the construction and forestry product line actually is affected by the emissions regulations starting in 2012. For ag, obviously, as you know, everything above 175 is affected and thats a bigger percentage of the ag and turf divisions product line. So youre correct  there are some differences there. Does that help?
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Absolutely. And you have a pretty healthy capital budget increase for next year. Can you talk about how much of that is for new products versus capacity expansion plans, and perhaps give us some more color on the latter?
Marie Ziegler: Well clearly the lions share of that increase is still very much surrounding the implementation of IT4 stage 3B in Europe emission standards, as well as emission standards in other parts of the world. There are some, I would say, more incremental capital that will be spent in places like we described in India, but the bulk really is still IT4-driven.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. And lastly, can you say more about which countries in Europe you expect to lead the recovery and which countries do you think will remain weak for the next six to 12 months?
Marie Ziegler: I dont have that color. Im sorry. I only have a comment on the market overall.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from Meredith Taylor. You may ask your question, and please state your company name.
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Research: Hi, its Barclays Capital. Good morning and congratulations. Im hoping you could give a little more color on the production limits on a year-over-year basis in these transitional issues on the ag and turf side of the business. Maybe if you can dovetail that with how, with the guidance youve given on a production tonnage basis, if you could talk specifically to ag and turf how much these production limits will be a factor as we move through the year.
Marie Ziegler: The timing of the transition on the 8000 series tractor, as you know, beginsproduction begins January 1. We have not introduced these products but we can tell you that well be introducing or transitioning our 7000 and 9000 series products as we move to the middle of the year. Maybe that will help you a little bit in terms of the timing, and then there are ongoing other products that are going to be introduced, but those are kind of the big ones.  When we took a look and said what is our upside for 2011 as we looked at our capacity, and when we talk about capacity here this year, were affected by the fact that as you launch new products, you shut down the line and then you have some transitions and then you ramp up production, so you lose some period of time or some available capacity, if you will, as youre making these transitions. And for us, this is a normal part of the business. Its just that there are so many that happen in this compressed period of time. Weve got a record number of launches that will be coming out certainly in the next year, and a very impressive number the year after.  So anyway, with that as a preamble, as we took a look specifically at Waterloo and at our harvester works, in total we think weve got about 10% upside in view of these limitations and balancing emissions credits.
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Research:  So sorry, just in terms of 10% upside--?
Marie Ziegler: Out of specifically the two biggest ag factories that are being affected as we are transitioning IT4 this year. 
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Research: Okay, got it. And then can you talk a little bit about what youre assuming in terms of the impact on incrementals for ag and turf given this transition? I mean, I know you had talked for the fourth quarter, actually, about 50 million headwind associated with that. Can you talk about how fourth quarter trended relative to that expectation and then how that flows through in 2011?
Marie Ziegler: Okay, for 2011, Meredith, that is $100 million of additional overhead that we expect to incur. In the fourth quarter itself, actually
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Research: Sorry, just to clarify  thats all in ag and turf?
Marie Ziegler: No, theres a little bit of impact in construction and forestry, but the bulk of it  the vast majority of it  is for ag and the reason is, of course, is that ag has the greater number of new product introductions. So 100 million there; and then in the fourth quarter, we actually think we ended up around 20 million. We were more efficient than we had initially, I guess, feared, and that efficiency is reflected in this 100 million guidance that were giving into next year. Thank you, Meredith.
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Research: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Henry Kirn. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Henry Kirn  UBS:  Its UBS. Good morning.
Marie Ziegler: Good morning.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Could you talk about the potential share impact of the broader product offerings in South America? How much bigger a piece of the pie do you think the Company can go after now?
Marie Ziegler: Well, certainly we have some internal share objectives that I would not choose to publicize, but there is no question that we are doing a much better job of covering a broader product offering. And you see from the slide, its just not only tractors; its combines and a whole host of products. I might also point out when you look at the industry guidance that we provide, (inaudible), as you know, provides industry information on tractors and combines. When we look at our own sales, our sales are made up of certainly tractors and combines but they include a lot of other products including sugar cane harvesting equipment, weve got cotton harvesting equipment, planters, just a variety of things. So when we give you industry guidance, we can only give you industry guidance on tractors and combines, and I think there are some tillers or something that are included in there. But there are other products that are sold in the market, and so as you think about the outlook, remember we will benefit from the very strong sugar cane markets and cotton markets as well.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Thanks. And could you talk about some of the signs of life in eastern Europe. Is credit becoming more readily available?
Marie Ziegler: I think signs of life would bethe description that Ive heard applied there is they are starting to see limited pockets of some financing activities, but there is no question that financing availability is still an enormous issue in that region of the world.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Thank you very much.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Raso. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
David Raso  ISI Group: ISI. My question is initially on pricing. Can you give us some indication of how you see pricing for 11 for ag and turf?
Marie Ziegler: We have price guidance for the full Company of 2 points. Certainly ag and turf is a strong participant in that guidance.
David Raso  ISI Group: Okay. The reason I ask is doing that math, if you gave ag just 3%, which I believe would be more than that, it implies construction pricing down over 3% year-over-year.
Marie Ziegler: It would be incorrect. Both divisions are looking for some positive price realization, and David, thats as much as we can comment on that.
David Raso  ISI Group: But can you just correct the math? If I do 3% on ag revenues for 11, to get to 2% for the total Company--?
Marie Ziegler: Then the number must not be 3%.
David Raso  ISI Group: So then the question would be why would ag pricing be less than 3% given the 8000R and even some of the price increases in the channel we hear for the rollover from the Tier 3 in front of the new Tier 4?
Marie Ziegler: Thats a very good question, and do recall that when you take a price increase, that includes feature creep. When we give you our price realization, we are stripping out anything that would involve higher horsepowers, new features, the IT4 compliant piece  that is considered a feature and is put into volume. So when we give you our price numbers, we are looking strictly at trying to do an apples-to-apples, as best we can, comparison.
David Raso  ISI Group: Okay.
Marie Ziegler: So again, higher horsepower, IT4, all of that gets reclassed, if you will, into volume.
David Raso  ISI Group: Okay, appreciate that. If I look at the 7 to 9%, then, total ag and turf growth, and strip out of pricing that kind of apples-to-apples, not features, the unit growth is implied probably sub-5 or something like that.
Marie Ziegler: Well, our guidance in North America is for the industry to be flat.
David Raso  ISI Group: Sure.
Marie Ziegler: And that does reflect, as Susan talked about, the fact in large ag you are in a period of transition with some production limitations and some emissions credits management.
David Raso  ISI Group: Well, thats not my question. The ag and turf receivables and inventory being down 750 for the year  a little bit is currency, I know, but still under-producing retail. Can you pinpoint exactly where the underproduction of retail will be? I suspect even though the combine new inventorys low, you might try to help out with some of the used sales by keeping new production low; but can you maybe highlight in particular where the underproduction will be versus retail in ag?
Marie Ziegler: It really has to do more with the work in process that we have in the factory in the fourth quarter of this year compared to what we think we will have and require in the fourth quarter of next year. That is not at all a prognostication on what the 2012 markets look like whatsoever. It really reflects the fact that this year, as were getting ready for this very significant emissions change, we are in very high production levels on Tier 3 machines in the fourth quarter of this year, as well as November and December. We do not expect to repeat that kind of production level. As youre aware, typically its pretty quiet October, November and December here, relatively speaking, because were out of the use season. So what youre really seeing in that number in ag and turf is the fact that you dont have a lot of work in process at a time of the year when we are typically seasonally weak.
David Raso  ISI Group: And the Tier 4
Marie Ziegler: David, I think weve done our two questions. Thank you so much.
David Raso  ISI Group: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Wertheimer. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley: Hey, good morning everybody. Its Morgan Stanley. My question is on Tier 4. Marie, I think you mentioned the incremental cost of the Tier 4 component, which makes sense. I would assume that part of the volume/pricing is trying to recoup the hundreds of millions, or millions that youve spent on R&D. So is it fair to assume that the margin impactin other words, the price volume is bigger than the cost you just had, and its a favorable margin trade in 11? And then secondarily, the upped R&D expense  is that really getting ready for the models that launch in 12 and final testing and such, or is that more the Tier 4 final in 2014 (inaudible) starting?
Marie Ziegler: Bob, let me start with the R&D. We have a significant launch in 2011. Some of the R&D is still for products that will be launched in 2011, certainly. There is a very large wave, again, coming in 2012 so thats affecting the number. And then thirdly, we are doingwe are hot and heavy into Final Tier 4 design work. Final Tier 4 starts in 2014, and if you are one of our design engineers, that is tomorrow. So there is a lot of work being done there. On the margin, we have some incremental investments in some new product delivery, and the example would be like the large number of new products that we just introduced in Brazil. We are continuing to develop product for customers in many markets.  Now going back to your IT4 cost question and price, we over time expect that we will fully recover our IT4 costs. But it doesnt happen all on day one, and so it is fair to say that in 2011 there will be some impact in our margins just on a product cost basis, and it involves mix and timing and a whole variety of things. But over time, we will recover that.
Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley: Okay, perfect. So that means in 11 youre not necessarily trying to recoup a big chunk of the R&D spend and it must be negative. Got it. And then my follow-up
Marie Ziegler: Actually Rob, Im sorry, Rob I think weve done our two. I need to keep moving. Thank you.
Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andy Casey. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities: Wells Fargo Securities. Good morning. Happy Thanksgiving to everybody and congrats, Marie and Tony.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you very much.
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities: On the cash priority slide, can you help us understand how to define the term excess when youre talking about excess cash from an external viewpoint, because kind of based on your cash flow outlook plus the current cash on the balance sheet for the equipment side, it would be 5 billion-plus at the end of 11.
Marie Ziegler: Depending on what we might do with repurchase and things like that, and then weve got a pretty significant amount of capital expenditures ahead of us, as you are aware, etc. We need some amount of liquidity to run the business and weve also talked about the requirement of the rating agencies to haveand frankly, its just good business to have a certain amount of our debt prefunded. We deliberately included the chart on the debt maturities which isIm looking for it, its Slide No. 33, so that you would be aware of the fact that we have some pretty significant maturities coming particularly in 2012, and so as you think about our year-end cash, were going to have some portion of that cash on hand to cover what is a very significant maturity. Go ahead, Jim.
James Field: And we have chosen not to give sort of precise cash targets because that analysis, of course, is very situational, and we look at some volatility indices that tell us what were seeing in the underlying capital markets, and the amount of cash will flex. Having said that, we have said that our forecast contemplates additional repurchases which would certainly, I think, lead you to believe and appropriately so that the amount of cash that we have right now is, we think, more than we would need and we intendwhile Im not committing to any timeline or amount, as weve said, our forecast contemplates repurchases in the next fiscal year.
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thank you. And then the last one, back to Henrys question. When you look at the performance that you had in October down in Brazil tractors in terms of market share, were there any one-time benefits driving the share up for that particular month or should we expect low-20s is pretty sustainable in the short term?
Marie Ziegler: Oh, I think market share you want to look at over a long period of time. Imwe had some new products that had been launched earlier in the year coming into it, but I think you want to look at it over a long view. I cant promise that well repeat exactly what we did in October; but were very encouraged by the markets reception of the products and the fact that we will have full availability as we move through 2011.
Andrew Casey Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Marie Ziegler: Thanks Andy. Next?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Ann Duignan. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Greg Williams  JP Morgan:  Good morning. Its Greg Williams sitting in for Ann Duignan at JP Morgan. Thanks for taking our questions.
Marie Ziegler: Our pleasure.
Greg Williams  JP Morgan: Just wanted to follow up on the transition costs going into fiscal 11. R&D specifically, it looks like youre going for a 15% increase. Its about 1.2 billion a year and with the emission standards and Stage 3 being 2012 and 2014, is the 1.2 a good run rate to use as we look beyond 2011?
Marie Ziegler: I think its very fair to say that our R&D spend will stay at very high levels. I think certainly there could be some increase as you move forward. We dont have our crystal ball into what well be spending in 12 and 13 and 14 now, but I certainly wouldnt look for that number to abate in the near future. 
Greg Williams  JP Morgan: Okay, thanks. And can you talk about the order board? I think, Marie or Susan, you mentioned that theyre on plan. I was hoping we could get some numbers behind that and what time frame is that? Is that October or the fiscal quarter, and how much of that would you expect was pre-buy activity and what do you anticipate for pre-buy in the next month? Thanks.
Marie Ziegler: Well, I think maybe the most significant item here is that on the 8Rs now, we indicated that we had 2,500 retail orders, which is a lot, for our machines that will be produced after the first of the year. So these are machines that are IT4 compliant. They do carry a price tag but they also have telematics and they have some additional features that we are having very good reception from the market, and their fuel economy is basically neutral with the Tier 3 so people are very pleased with what theyre hearing about our new products. And I think maybe thats the most significant point away from that. In terms of availability date for 8000s, were talking May; and for 9000s were talking March.
Greg Williams  JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Eli Lustgarten. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities:  Good morning. Longbow Securities.
Marie Ziegler : Good morning, Eli.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Hi, good morning. Could I get a clarification first  you said youre going to shut down the construction for two weeks. When is that going to occur, and is there an implied cost of it? I mean, you told us its going to happen, you just didnt tell us when.
Marie Ziegler: Yeah, mid-year; so youre looking April, May time frame. And it would be included in that overhead that we were looking at of about $100 million, but again the bulk of it is ag, so I dont know, maybeIm guessing 10 to 15 million here is construction.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Now your guidance for the credit company is 360, up from 350 effectively. Can you give ussomethings going on there, and the 20 million charge for the wind, I guess, you pulled out of that stuff. Is there any more charges coming next year in wind?
Marie Ziegler: No. We dont contemplate anything at all for wind. I think one of the things that I just would remind you is in the second quarter ofI think it was the second quarter this year, we had some mark to market gains that we dontand of course its very hard to predict when that happens, and that was about $20 million after tax, and so we dont expect that that will be repeated in 2011. And they also have a little bit of higher overhead, SA&G as they are working to support our international growth.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: And as a follow-up, I guess were all still struggling with this guidance because if you strip out the healthcare charge, you still earned somewhere between 465, closer to 468 I guess if you take out the wind charge also. And the implied guidance of less than $5 just sort of doesnt fly witheven with 100 million going on, theres got to be something else that were missing in cost or impact.
Marie Ziegler: Okay, let me summarize those again, then. Raw materials costs are up 250 million, mix is about a point of margin in A&T, and this is not a bad thing at all because it means our small tractor business is starting to recover recently in Europe, for example. But thats about1% is about in round numbers 150 million. R&D, our guidance would tell you were up about 150 million. SA&G, our guidance tells you there youre up about 140. Then we have the three items that I had alluded to earlier, which is the product cost of IT4, which is 135, overhead 100, and absorption 100. And thats where it goes.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Product cost 135, absorption 100  was there another 100 on top of that?
Marie Ziegler: The overhead. That was the factory inefficiencies associated with the cost of product line transition and capital expenditures, etc. related to that.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Yeah, the 2% pricing pretty much offsets most of that cost, so thats the hard thing were getting with a double digit sales gain. Incremental margins would just look awful if somethingI mean, something doesnt hold unless its very conservative guidance. 
Marie Ziegler: I have nothing else to add, Eli.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: All right. Thank you.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you. I have time for one last question. 
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Steven Volkmann. You may ask your question and please state your company name.
Steven Volkmann  Jefferies & Company:  Its Jefferies. Just made it, thanks. So I wanted to actually step back and look a little bit at the forecast, the industry forecast. Im interested that you raised your farm cash income expectations in North America and in South America, and certainly the underlying crop fundamentals look pretty strong and yet we have kind of flattish forecasts for those markets. And Im wondering, do you think that were just sort of saturated at this point and the cycles kind of flattening out, or is there some reason that you would expect farmers, despite these strong fundamentals, to have fairly flat purchases?
Marie Ziegler: Lets go back again. Our guidance for North America is affected by these very significant product transitions in IT4 that will have some impact on our ability to respond to customers requirements. We will do our very best but because of the need to manage emissions credits, and as weve talked a lot already about the transitions and the fact that you have some capacity thats taken out effectively because of those transitions, we think that the markets will be affected in 2011 by that. So thats maybe in North America.  In South America, again, the guidance specifically is looking at tractors and combines, which is certainly a very important part of the market, but it does not include whats happening in sugar cane and cotton. The other thing I want to point out is in the tractor market as we look at it, we assume  because we dont know what will happen  that the very attractive 5.5% rate that Fonami TSI has been offering will end and not be extended beyond the end of March, because we simply dont know. So and thats whats in our forecast.  The other factors  there are two state government programs in Brazil that appear to be ending in December and not repeated. Those are targeted at smaller farms and lower horsepower equipment; so those two end and we think that there has been a very significant number of tractors sold under MDA, which is (inaudible) which is the more food program, thats the federal program in Brazil. Sales in the last two years each have presented about 30% of the industry and we think that based on the market dynamics, we think that we actually may see that segment slowing down, maybe off as much as a third next year; and so thats whats incorporated into our industry guidance.  Again, thats the industry. When you look at Deere, we have all these new products. Weve got a very exciting lineup ahead and were very enthused about our prospects into 2011.
Steven Volkmann  Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. And then a quick follow-up for Jim, if I could. Weve talked, Jim, a little bit about the opportunity to maybe not have to pre-finance a full year of rollovers of maturities as the markets kind of normalize a little bit more. But I guess the message youre giving us is that thats not going to happen in the next 12 months?
James Field: No, and the agencies are looking for is about 12 months of coverage today.
Steven Volkmann  Jefferies & Company: Okay.
Marie Ziegler: Weve covered some of that with credit facilities as well, so we are not necessarily going to have 12 months worth of cash on the sheet. On the other hand, again, we point to the very significant maturities that are ahead of us in 2012, and bear in mind thats a lot of debt
James Field: Yeah, that metric is cash plus untapped credit facilities, so what we were looking at before was actually keeping cash 12 months, and we have backed off on that target.
Steven Volkmann  Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. Thats helpful. Thanks. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you all. Susan, Justin, Tony and I will be available to answer your questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and this does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-08-18 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Marie Zieglar  Vice President Investor Relations Susan Karlix  Manager, Investor Communications  James Field  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ann Duignan  JP Morgan Stephen Volkmann  Jefferies & Co. Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs David Raso - ISI Henry Kirn  UBS Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets Joel Tiss  Buckingham Research 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Deere third quarter earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the call over to Miss Marie Zieglar, vice president, investor relations. Please go ahead.
Marie Zieglar: Good morning. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our chief financial officer as well as Susan Karlix and Justin Marovec from the Deere investor relations staff. This morning well take a closer look at Deeres third quarter earnings and then spend some time talking about our markets and how we see the last quarter of our fiscal year shaping up. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning and can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, as usual, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thompson Reuters. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans, and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. The call and accompanying materials are not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any of the companys securities. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, otherwise known as GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is posted on our website at www.johndeere.com\financial reports under other financial information. Call participants should consider the other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on todays call.  And now, for a closer look at our third quarter, heres Susan.
Susan Karlix: Thank you Marie. John Deeres strong performance continued in the third quarter of 2010. Income was up 47%, on a sales increase of 18%. Earnings were the highest for any third quarter in the companys history, and sales were the second highest. The gain was led by ag and turf, which had another blockbuster quarter. Construction and forestry had its highest profits in seven quarters, and our credit operations had another solid performance. The company is being helped by somewhat improved business conditions, but tailwinds are only part of the story. After all, construction markets are still weak by historical standards, and some ag markets, such as Europe and the CIS, remain under pressure.  What our results clearly show is the disciplined execution of our business plan, and our focus on serving customers with advanced products and services. This has allowed us to fully capitalize on the current market conditions. Now lets look at the quarter in more detail, starting with slide 3. Net sales and revenues were up 16% to $6.8 billion in the quarter. Net income attributable to Deere & Company was $617 million, and as just mentioned, up 47% compared with the third quarter last year, and our highest ever income for a third quarter. Turning to slide 4, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 18% to $6.2 billion. Currency translation on net sales was flat versus our May forecast for currency to be up about 2 points in the third quarter. Price realization in the quarter was positive by 2 points.  On slide 5, worldwide production tonnage was up 31% in the quarter. The slide illustrates that with one exception, tonnage in each SBU and region, was up in line with the forecast provided a quarter ago. The exception was outside the U.S. and Canada, where tonnage came in lower than anticipated due to continued weakness in Western Europe. For the full year, worldwide production tonnage is now forecast to be up about 14%.  Lets turn to the company outlook on slide 6. Fourth quarter sales are expected to be up approximately 32% compared with the fourth quarter of 2009. Currency translation on net sales is expected to be negative by about 1 point. Net income attributable to Deere & Company is forecast to be approximately $375 million in the fourth quarter.  For the full year, net equipment sales are forecast to be up about 12% compared with fiscal year 2009. This includes about 2 points of positive currency translation and approximately 2 points of positive price realization.  Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with agriculture and turf on slide 7. Production tonnage was up 24% in the quarter, on a 12% increase in sales. Operating profits, however, jumped by nearly $345 million, or 72%, to $824 million.  The increase was primarily due to higher shipment and production volumes and improved price realization, partially offset by higher post-retirement benefit costs. As you can see, margins were impressive. The division had an operating margin of approximately 16% in the quarter, and an incremental margin of about 61%. Before we review the sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the ag business, starting on slide 8. On the heels of the recent commodity price increases, the outlook for most crop prices is up considerably for the 2010-11 crop year.  Corn prices are being helped by increasing global demand, and have moved in sympathy with the core grain crops in many areas of the world. We project that 2009-10 stock in the U.S. and Canada will end 250 million bushels below a year ago, and fall another 150 million bushels in the coming year. Soybean exports have remained strong. Growing global consumption is expected to keep soybean prices at extremely favorable levels for the 10-11 crop. Global wheat stocks have tightened, with lower winter wheat planting as well as yield losses in Western Europe and to an even greater extent in the CIS. 2010-11 cotton prices remain well above the 08-09 levels, driven by the recovery in global demand and a reduction in the global cotton supply. Turning to slide 9, 2010 U.S. farm cash receipts are now forecast to be up about 6% from 2009, to about $317 billion. Thats about $4 billion higher than our last forecast, and is driven by increased crop receipts. 2011 farm cash receipts are forecast to be slightly above the 2010 level. Deeres outlook for the EU27 is shown on slide 10. The recent upward movement in grain prices might seem at odds with our rather subdued 2010 industry sales outlook for Western Europe. No doubt, some customers are locking in crop sales at attractive prices, which should provide support for 2011.  That said, industry sales of new goods have been weak this year, particularly in combines. While European farmer sentiment is slowly improving, the dairy and livestock sector is still reeling from the losses of prior years. Drought has hurt yields for customers in many areas, and used equipment inventories remain at high levels.  Slide 11 illustrates the extreme heat and drought conditions in Russia and Eastern Europe. These conditions have sparked wildfires and the picture on the right depicts some of the smoke from those fires, visible from our Domodedovo facility outside Moscow.  Last week, the USDA estimated that 2010-11 FSU12 wheat production would be down about 23%. Some industry observers believe the losses could go even higher. Although Russia is reporting success controlling the fires, the consequence of the severe drought, and its impact on global grain markets, wont be fully known for some time. Farm net income in Brazil and Argentina is on slide 12. We continue to see good farm income from soybeans and sugarcane, the two crops that drive the bulk of equipment purchases in Brazil. Other positive factors include strong global demand for Brazilian commodities, a 5% to 10% decrease in input costs, and strong government-sponsored low rate finance programs that run through at least the end of calendar year 2010. These all contribute to positive producer attitudes, which translate into higher spending on farm equipment.  We have increased our forecast for 2010 farm net income in Argentina. With milk and beef prices high, we continue to see increased demand for tractors, combines, sprayers, and forage equipment. Although too early to predict, we are closely monitoring the development of a La Nina weather pattern that could result in lower production and yields in 2011. Slide 13 highlights the latest additions to our tractor lineup in India. In June we introduced the 5036C and 5041C tractor models. These tractors were designed and developed in India with features tailored to the India market. These 25 and 41 horse power tractors join the recently introduced 5038D, expanding our presence in the targeted 31-40 horse power market. This horse power segment makes up almost 50% of the tractor industry in India. Our 2010 industry outlooks are on slide 14. Sales of agricultural equipment in the U.S. and Canada are forecast to be up 5% to 10%. We continue to see strength in our order books, and have early order programs in place for our seasonal equipment. Although very early, the combine early order program is progressing well, and as planned.  In absolute numbers, orders are well ahead of last year. In the sprayer, planter, and tillage equipment programs we are seeing strong results, very similar to last year. Demand for large tractors has been strong as well. The 8R series tractor introduced last year has been very well received, and we have continued to [add schedules] throughout the year. We are just now introducing the Interim Tier 4 compliant 8R to our dealers, and are encouraged by the initial orders of over 1,000 units. Well over half are retail sold, with customer names on the order. Effective availability for 8R series tractors is February 2011. Effective availability for our 4-wheel drive tractors is November 2010. Earlier, we touched on the conditions in Western Europe. While fundamentals are promising as we enter 2011, current market conditions are weak, and we are therefore lowering our industry forecast. We now expect ag sales to be down 15% to 20% in the year. Sales in Central Europe and the CIS are expected to remain under pressure, and based on the factors we covered earlier, we are increasing our industry forecast for South America to up 25% to 30%. Turning to another product category, we expect retail sales of turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada to be up 10% to 15% in 2010 from the very low levels of a year ago. We have seen an uptick in the commercial mowing, riding lawn equipment, and golf markets. However, with general economic conditions still uncertain, our optimism for this segment remains tempered with caution.  Putting this all together, on slide 15, Deere sales for worldwide ag and turf are now projected to be up about 8% in the year. Currency translation on net sales is projected to be positive, about 2 points. For the year, the A&T divisions operating margin is forecast to be around 13%. The division continues to benefit from strong sales of large ag equipment in the United States and Canada, with relatively weak sales in the turf and utility segment. In Mays call, we said favorable mix added 1 point of margin to ag and turf second quarter results. Now, with our new forecast, for the full year this favorable mix is expected to add about 2 points to the divisions margin in relation to its typical year. Lets focus now on construction and forestry on slide 16. Deeres net sales were up 59% in the quarter, while production tonnage nearly doubled, being up 96%. The division reported operating profit of $66 million.  On slide 17, although we are forecasting the U.S. construction industry to be down about 2% for the full year, we believe the market has reached its bottom. The business is experiencing a slow improvement. We are encouraged by the activity we have seen with independent rental companies and in the highway construction segment. Also encouraging, Deere dealers continue to see an improvement in rental utilization and used equipment turns. Still, we remain cautious. Uncertainty over the economic recovery persists, and we have lowered our outlook for 2011 housing starts.  Meanwhile, global forestry markets are up significantly from the very low levels of last year, and our factories have responded quickly to the increased demand. We are now forecasting construction forestry sales to dealers to be up about 35% in 2010, from the very levels of 2009. The divisions full year operating margin is forecast to be in the low single digits.  Lets move now to our credit operations. Slide 18 shows the worldwide credit operations provision for credit losses as a percent of the total average owned portfolio. Year to date, on an annualized basis, the provision is 49 basis points. Write-offs in the construction and forestry portfolios continue to improve. Recovery rates are improving steadily. We are seeing fewer repossessions and increased pricing on the repossessions that are occurring, up 9% to 10% since last fall. The full year provision for John Deere credit is forecast to run around 55 basis points, an improvement over our prior forecast of about 71 basis points.  On slide 19, past dues for the worldwide credit operations are lower than last year, with construction and forestry being the main driver of improvement. Annualized write-offs reflect a significant improvement in C&F losses. Moving to slide 20, worldwide credit operations net income attributable to Deere & Company was $95 million in the quarter, versus $99 million for last year. The biggest factors were an improvement in financing [spreads] and a lower provision for credit losses. These were partially offset by lower tax credits related to wind energy projects. Looking ahead, we are now projecting worldwide credit operations net income attributable to Deere & Company of about $325 million in 2010. Now lets turn our focus back to the equipment operations, and take a look at receivables and inventories on slide 21. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories were up roughly $450 million in the third quarter versus third quarter 2009. Keep in mind we ended fiscal 2009 with receivables and inventories at rock bottom levels. In fact, they were $1.3 billion lower than at the end of fiscal 2008.  For fiscal year 2010, we are now forecasting receivables and inventories to be up about $950 million. This reflects higher production volumes in the fourth quarter versus the very low volumes in the fourth quarter last year. These higher production volumes are intended in part to facilitate the transition to Interim Tier 4. It also reflects higher demand in our construction and forestry divisions and some ag and turf markets.  Now lets discuss the latest on retail sales. Slide 22 presents the product category detail in the U.S. and Canada for the month of July, expressed in units. Utility tractor industry sales were up 3%. Deere sales were up double digits. Row crop industry tractor sales were down 10%. Deere was down in line with the industry. Four wheel drive industry sales were down 2%. Deere was down double digits. Combine industry sales were down 7%, and Deere was down slightly less than the industry. Looking at Deere dealer inventories in the bottom chart, for row crop tractors Deere ended July with inventories at 18% of trailing 12-month sales. Combine inventories were at 19% of sales.  Turning to slide 23, in Western Europe sales of John Deere tractors were up double digits, and combines were down double digits in July. Deeres retail sales of selected turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada were up a single digit in the month. Construction and forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada, on both a [first in the dirt] and settlement basis were up double digits for the month.  Slide 24 shows raw material and logistics costs up about $10 million in the quarter. We now forecast material cost decreases of approximately $150 million for the year. By division, the ag and turf savings are forecast at about $175 million. For construction and forestry, we continue to forecast a material cost increase of about $25 million. This is due to the currency impact on partner products and higher steel prices.  While this forecast is an improvement over last quarter, remember that prices for many commodities have been moving up recently, and our cost increases typically lag the commodity markets by three to six months. Now lets look at a few housekeeping items. Looking at R&D expense on slide 25, R&D was up about 5% in the third quarter, with currency translation accounting for negative approximately 2 points. Year to date, R&D expense is up about 6%. For the full year, R&D expense is expected to be up about 10%. We expect R&D spending to increase in the fourth quarter, as we approach significant product launches with Interim Tier 4 engines and remain at high levels over the next three years as we approach the final Tier 4 emissions standards. Moving now to slide 26. Pension and OPEB expense in the third quarter was up about $100 million. The 2010 forecast calls for an increase of about $350 million in pension and OPEB expense, unchanged from our previous forecast.  We have had a slight change in the split between cost of sales and SA&G. Of the $350 million, about $275 million will hit cost of sales, with about $75 million now in SA&G. Approximately $275 million of the additional expense is attributable to the ag and turf division, while the increase for C&F is about $75 million.  On slide 27, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 17% in the quarter. Variable incentive compensation accounted for about 8 points, and currency translation added about 3 points. For fiscal 2010, we project SA&G to be up about 9 points, unchanged from our previous forecast. Variable incentive compensation is expected to account for about 5 points of the change, as the companys performance has continued to improve. Pension and OPEB accounts for about 2 points, and currency translation about 1 point. Moving to the income tax rate, on slide 28, the third quarter effective tax rate for the equipment operations was about 34%. The full year 2010 effective tax rate is expected to be about 40%. That includes the tax expense of about $130 million related to U.S. health care legislation recognized in the second quarter. Excluding the charge, the forecasted effective tax rate for 2010 would be about 34%. Before touching on cash flow, the combined effect of translation and transaction, or [unintelligible], increased operating profit by about $60 million in the third quarter, primarily in ag and turf. On slide 29 you see the strong cash flow from our equipment operations, even in years of tough market conditions like last year. This reflects in large part our success managing assets and controlling working capital levels.  We anticipate cash flow from equipment operations of about $2.4 billion for the year, a $1 billion increase over 2009. Such strong cash flow is further testament to our successful execution of the [FCA] model. As you can see on slide 30, in accordance with our stated use of cash priorities, we resumed share repurchase in the quarter, buying back some 1.7 million shares. As we generate good cash flow, share repurchases will continue to be an avenue we consider when assessing our use of cash. Turning to slide 31, capital expenditures are expected to be about $850 million for the year, primarily driven by the Interim Tier 4 emissions rules. Depreciation and amortization is projected to be about $550 million. Our forecast currently includes about $700 million of pension and OPEB contributions in the year. In closing, John Deere enters the last quarter of 2010 on a strong pace. Our performance reflects somewhat more positive economic conditions and strong demand for large farm machinery, particularly in the United States. At the same time, John Deere remains focused on serving a growing global customer base, steadily increasing capacity, adding productive new models of equipment, and successfully extending our competitive positions throughout the world.  As a result, we believe the company is exceptionally well positioned to benefit from a growing economy and to help meet the worlds increasing need for food, feed, fuel, shelter, and infrastructure, well into the future. Marie?
Marie Zieglar: Thank you Susan. We are now ready to begin the Q&A portion of this call. The operator will instruct us on the polling procedure. As a reminder, and in consideration of others, please limit yourself to two questions, and as always you are welcome to get back into the queue. Operator?
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from Ann Duignan.
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: My first question is on the near term, your fourth quarter outlook, particularly on the ag and turf side. You noted that margins would be about 13%. That would imply much lower margin in Q4 than I had been forecasting, and much lower than Q3. Marie, I think you guys addressed it in the call, but I just wanted to make sure. Are you anticipating a significant hit on gross margin because of the buildup pre-Tier 4 Interim engines? Is that what maybe I was missing in my forecast?
Marie Zieglar: Not directly. In fact, instead of just addressing ag and turf, let me look at it for the full company, in relation to our full guidance, and just give you some of the numbers that are implicit in our guidance.  With the increased profitability for the company, incentive compensation is rising, and in the fourth quarter, over last year, it will be about a $90 million expense. Again, very low levels of activity in the fourth quarter last year.  Materials, which has been either a neutral or a tailwind for us in the first three quarters of this year, will be an expense and our projection is $75 million. R&D, we have a pretty significant jump. Thats why Susan called out the fact that year to date were up 6%. For the forecast were up 10%. Thats about $55 million in the fourth quarter.  That is a lot of money and that is very much impacted by IT4 as were getting ready to enter into this very significant launch phase and remember, weve got final Tier 4 following on the heels in just, like, 3 years.  Another factor is overhead absorption, and we estimate that at about $50 million. And I shouldnt say overhead absorption, its overhead expense. We have a very significant spend in R&D. Likewise, we have a very significant spend in capital expenditures ahead of us in the fourth quarter, and that is disruptive to the factory efficiency as you bring new machine tooling in, as you train operators, and so weve provisioned for that in our outlook.  And then the only other thing of note would be SA&G is a little higher as well.
Ann Duignan: Okay, thats very helpful. I just wasnt sure where  what I was missing there. And then longer term, I know you wont talk specifically about your outlook for 2011. I know better than to ask directly. But could you talk a little bit about the overall global impact? With a negative impact in Russia because of the drought, what that might do to the protein sector in Europe and their input costs, versus the positive impact it may have for U.S. farmers and South American farmers, how are you looking at putting all of these pieces together as you look into 2011 and the health of global agriculture as we step forward?
Marie Zieglar: Theres no question that the recent run in commodity prices driven by the events in the CIS and even into Eastern Europe certainly has supported the prospect for crop farmer incomes. You correctly note that the livestock sector is a little more concerned, obviously, with whats happened, especially just having come out of two years of very very difficult financial situations. It is not as likely, therefore, you will have much crop  much herd expansion globally in the face of these rising feed costs. But overall, for the farm sector it would appear to be very positive as you look into 2011. Some of the other factors, though, that we are considering as we ourselves look into the future, obviously, with the events of the last couple of weeks regarding the global economy, which seems to vary day by day, people are perhaps a little less certain than they were. And that does raise a note of caution, especially a lot of talk about the U.S. economy which would effect, certainly, our construction equipment business and our turf and utility and frankly even the small ag sector, because a lot of that is economically sensitive, because it goes into homeowners and large property owners, etc.  The other thing that youd want to think about is rising commodity costs affecting our materials as we go into 2011. I mentioned in the first question that I was answering of yours that we had had a tailwind or neutral in the first three quarters of the year. Thats worth about $250 million. If raw material costs just stay where they are today, obviously thats something that would not be repeated.  And the other thing I would just note is that we are going to be in the midst of this IT4 transition. We are very encouraged by the early results on it. Weve got some good orders, as Susan mentioned, on the 8000s, but its very early, so youre really looking at a very small base. So well see how that plays out as we look ahead. Jim do you want to add anything?
James Field: No, I think that pretty much covers it.
Ann Duignan: How about pension? Thats the one thing you didnt touch on for going into 2011.
Marie Zieglar: Pension looks, today  and of course all things are never equal  we probably, because interest rates are looking a little lower than they were 31 October of 2009, you probably have a little bit of a headwind there as well, maybe $75 million. But obviously were a long way from 31 October, when well actually be setting the rates.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann.
Stephen Volkmann  Jefferies & Co.:  Im wondering, Marie you gave some forecast for cash received in the U.S. and net income in Latin America. Can you just frame for us how you think European farmers are going to be looking in 2011?
Marie Zieglar: Its early, but people are pretty encouraged by the improvement in commodity prices. Youre hearing some stories of customers having locked in some good crop prices and selling their crops for good amounts of money. So were encouraged. We still have used equipment to deal with, which is unknown exactly how that will impact the market as you move into 2011. Were starting to see a little bit of that equipment move. Again, thats very encouraging. But theres a lot yet to be done.
Stephen Volkmann: Sounds like youre saying farm income probably up in 2011 in Europe? I dont want to put words in your mouth, but 
Marie Zieglar: That will play off against what happens ultimately with livestock prices and what happens to their feed costs, and livestock is about  half the farmers in Europe have livestock, so its significant to our customers.
Stephen Volkmann: And just a follow up on the construction business. Obviously weve seen a nice recovery there in top line and in margins. How much of that is dealer restocking and do you think that  where are we in that game and how much longer can that go?
Marie Zieglar: Theres actually not very much dealer restocking taking place. Mostly whats happening  last year when the dealer sold maybe three units, he or she would replace one. Now its more one for one replacement, so very little channel sale. Jim?
James Field: I think construction, if we look at history, it has a very long runway in front of it, because we are still at very depressed levels relative to mid-cycle volumes. So I think we have a situation where were running roughly 60% of mid-cycle volume. So we think theres plenty of runway there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jerry Revich.
Jerry Revich  Goldman Sachs: Marie, can you say more about the drivers of your increased inventory and receivables guidance for ag and turf? What proportion of the increase is related to Interim Tier 4 and which regions are driving the rest of the increase?
Marie Zieglar: First of all, were seeing strength in our construction and forestry business, so that is certainly a part of it. The other factor is just as were getting closer to the first of January were starting to land on some of our plans, so we know a little bit more precisely how some of the transitions are going to occur. And also very candidly, demand is looking pretty good. Its very early, youre looking at small numbers, so I want to be very careful, put this in the appropriate context, but the demand for the products early order program seem to be going fairly well. Again, early. So thats encouraged us. If you look at our tonnage increases for the full year, and the fact that our third quarter tonnage basically came in as projected, that tells you all of that increase is really happening in the fourth quarter, so it will take time for that production to actually translate into a retail sell, because youve got to work it through the factory and through the receivable. So we actually feel pretty good. Actually, Jim took a look at our receivables and inventories by historic standards and they look really quite good. Do you want to talk to that?
James Field: Its a big increase when you look at it, or perhaps could be viewed as a big increase, when you look at it on a year over year basis. But if you look back on a historical context, really this is receivables returning to levels that we last saw in 08 and inventory actually that ends at levels that are below the 08 level. So I think that hopefully provides some useful context when looking at that increase.
Jerry Revich: Absolutely. Thanks for that. And Jim, good to see you buying back stock for the first time in a while this quarter. Can you update us on your framework for stock buyback? Are you going to be looking at it as a portion of your excess free cash flow, or just update us on your broader framework. That would be great.
James Field: I appreciate that. Unfortunately I think we cant say a whole lot beyond the notion that weve had a very consistently articulated use of cash policy and share repurchase is one of the things we will look at from time to time based on our cash position and we did so in the third quarter. I cant provide much more than that at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso.
David Raso - ISI: My question relates to that last comment about the production in the fourth quarter and it will take some time to translate into retail sales. And just trying to think about the margin in the ag division. Two questions related to that then are, at what time in the order book can I no longer get a pre-Interim Tier 4 tractor, out of Waterloo? Are we already into the market knowing when we officially are out of production slots for pre-Interim Tier 4?
Marie Zieglar: Remember, we have a rolling product launch, so all thats been announced so far would be the 8Rs and if you would walk into your John Deere dealer today, to order an 8R tractor, you would be ordering an Interim Tier 4 tractor.
David Raso:  My question, though, is the broader Waterloo product line.
Marie Zieglar: We have not made any further statements other than the 8R.
David Raso: Should it be terribly different than the 8R?
Marie Zieglar: We havent launched  so its going to be a little while you could assume because we havent said anything about some of the other products out of Waterloo.
David Raso: Okay. Im just trying to think through the profitability of ag and turf in the fourth quarter and whats that implying about 11, because even if I do add back some of those year over year impacts from short term incentive comp up, materials, overhead absorption, and so forth, but also take the sales guidance for the year, it just seems like the implied incremental margins in the fourth quarter are interesting low. Im just trying to think about the puts and takes. I guess broader picture, then, for the whole company, the construction margins for the fourth quarter, again, look around mid-single digits. To get you to the lower single digit for the year. How are you thinking about the profitability of that division? You took down the 11 housing starts, though youre still implying some pretty healthy growth in housing starts, 11 versus 10. Bigger picture, how are you thinking about the construction division profitability off this recent mid-single digit level?
Marie Zieglar: In the fourth quarter specifically?
David Raso: Well, you already kind of did the fourth quarter, where youre implying high six percent.
Marie Zieglar: David, Im sorry I dont have any comments on 2011 if thats where youre going.
David Raso: Well, broader picture, how should I be thinking about the 5% to 6% weve been seeing third quarter, fourth quarter? How are you viewing that in the context of the profitability of the division broadly?
Marie Zieglar: Well, considering that theyre at under 60% of what a typical volume would be, we think they are working very hard and have demonstrated very good expense control and efficiency. As they move up into what I will call the sweet spot, which would be in the 80% range and above, their opportunities will grow for profitability.
James Field: I think too when you look at that and you had some large percentage increases in sales, but if you look at the absolute dollar numbers and the incremental margin that that would be expected to throw off, and then you overlay whats going on with pension and OPEB, I think you get a long way to understanding the performance that that division has demonstrated and I think the other thing we would say, long term, the construction division has demonstrated over a long term what they can do and we would have every expectation that over time they would return to where theyve been at other points in the cycle.
David Raso: In a nutshell, that run you had from 2004 to 2007 in that division with solid double digit margins, Im just trying to think through how quickly do you feel, if we can get the revenue growth in 11, is this structurally a double digit margin business in pretty short order? Or is how youre thinking about mix for 11 and a lot of other things? Is that a little too aggressive a ramp in how youre seeing the recent run rate?
Marie Zieglar: First of all, I cant comment on 2011, but I would very adamantly, very vehemently, state that we see no reason at all why this business does not return to margins that it delivered in that period of time, and if youll recall their peak margin in that business was 14% and they actually are aspiring to a 14.5% margin. Like the ag business, in the near term IT4 will affect them as well. They also have a staggered product launch that will be rolling out over the next couple of years, and so youll have some impacts from that. But this business is on very solid footing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Henry Kirn.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Could you chat a little bit about the impact of the pre-buy that your dealers may be reporting to you, at least on the equipment where you do, where you will have Tier 4 out early next year?
Marie Zieglar: You know, as you look at whats happening theres the very good level of cash receipts that we have in the marketplace, and its accentuated further, frankly, by the recent run in commodity prices. Youve got improved farm net income as expenses like fertilizer and various things have come in. Youve got historically low interest rates, very good value proposition in the market. We feel that the underlying economic fundamentals are in good support of the level of activity that weve seen. As we are moving closer to our launch date, theres no question that there is some pull-ahead, but we believe the factors that I just mentioned do, really are, the primary decision drivers. The other thing that you can  again its very small numbers, but it could provide some comfort, if you will  is the fact that the early order positions are looking good on some of our products, and especially, perhaps more profoundly, that the IT4 8R has a good order bank. Again, very early in the year and very early in the launch. But its actually been very encouraging. 
Henry Kirn: And on the construction equipment side, philosophically would you be willing to build some inventories at some point in front of expected rebound in demand from the rental guys and other contractors?
Marie Zieglar: Our philosophy is to produce to retail demand, and construction actually is a slightly different set of circumstances. As youre aware, in construction in some areas you are required to use the latest technology, so you need to be at  if IT4 engines are available you need to be using that. Additionally, the bulk of the construction product line really is below 175 horse power, so thats not going to be affected until 2012. And the other thing is, very frankly, were at extremely low levels of activity, and you dont see contractors, a lot of contractors, with the financial confidence to go out and buy equipment that they may or may not use. The only indications where you may have a little bit of pre-buy ahead is in motor graders and some governmental segments, but thats pretty small.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meredith Taylor.
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital: Im going to go back to the ag and turf margin topic. I appreciate the fact that youve laid out a lot of the headwinds that youre looking at fourth quarter versus third quarter. Something that Im hoping you can talk a little bit more about though is the role that mix and productivity played in the third quarter for this business, and what your expectations are as we look ahead to the fourth quarter? I know you did note some overhead headwinds associated with Interim Tier 4, but if you could just talk about those two items in particular, third quarter versus fourth quarter, that would be helpful.
Marie Zieglar: Absolutely. In the third quarter we did not make comments specifically year over year on mix. Susans comments about the 2 points overall for the year really relates to a typical year, so were not looking at something that  because remember we had a very good mix of large ag in 2009 as well. So wouldnt really be year over year a factor. If you looked at the third quarter and said just generally how does the back compare to a typical year then yes it would be about 2 points. If you look at absorption, last year in the third quarter we dropped receivables and inventory to I think its like $1.7 billion, and this year it was $300 million to $400 million, so there is a favorable absorption impact in our third quarter results, and that is, for the ag and turf division its about $90 million in their operating margin. 
Meredith Taylor: And then as we roll forward to fourth quarter, how should we think about mix there, and then continued benefits from lean operational initiatives, etc.?
Marie Zieglar: I dont have comment per se on mix. I know some of the smaller stuff is coming up in the quarter, but I dont know what the actual impact is.
James Field: And actually in terms of the efficiency of the operation, as Marie said we have a lot of transition going on, and we do have some manufacturing inefficiencies built into the forecast for the fourth quarter reflecting the very significant amount of change thats going to be occurring over this period of time, and some pretty significant capital [inaudible].
Meredith Taylor: Okay. And just a quick follow up on [unintelligible]. As Ive looked at the [unintelligible] data over the last couple of months on the combine side of the market, Ive noticed some volatility in terms of your wholesale numbers. Could you talk a little bit about what might be driving this?
Marie Zieglar: Yes, on the combine side, we converted to SAP on the first of May, and so we knew that we would not have shipments into the marketplace as we were making that transition. And so what youre really seeing is were in a transitional period. Those transition issues are behind us but youre seeing the result of having just now restarting the shipping. So it was planned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Its funny, were all having trouble with the fourth quarter, and maybe we put it into context that we havent gotten the first three quarters anywhere close anyway. You listed $270 million worth of impact, but a large part of those things that you gave us, materials, R&D, and that, were known to be bigger in the fourth quarter. Anyway, weve known that, so are any of them much bigger than we had expected? Because you still cant get the margins, almost cutting in half, unless you put in either a huge impact from the transition products, and the launches, what have you, putting into the guidance at this point. Thats the trouble were all having at this point. Something is going on. Did you put more in the quarter in these costs than we expected? Because we knew they were all going up in the fourth quarter. R&D was going to be higher in the fourth quarter. We knew that from your guidance before, as were material costs. Something has to be driving the margin almost in half, which is what youre forecasting from the third quarter, and the only think I can think of  you know you have more ag and turf  the only think I can think of is youve got a lot of inefficiency in from the new product launches [unintelligible].
Marie Zieglar: Thats kind of what were trying to pick up with that $50 million overhead, if you will. The incentive comp, probably, is higher than what maybe you were expecting because of course weve upped our guidance for income in total, so that might also be at work here. Theres also a little bit of inventory build. That of course, that doesnt convert immediately into sales and so you dont get the marketing margin on that. There may be a little bit of that as you guys are thinking about your modeling. Jim do you have anything to add?
James Field: No. You know, I think the incentive comp is certainly increased over what we had initially had laid out in the fourth quarter as the income forecast has proved most of that has gotten caught up.
Marie Zieglar: You know, the other thing that I havent mentioned is taxes and taxes in the quarter that might  are about $50 million. Its very hard to calculate these tax rates between the fourth quarter of last year and the fourth quarter of this year. So Ill just tell you point blank thats approximately the net impact. Its higher taxes, about 50. If that helps.
Eli Lustgarten: Can we ask one other question on  looking at 2011 production capability and pricing, we  you have  pricing has been announced and the new product has been relatively strong. So were looking into next year pricing going up to what you have announced and the [unintelligible] that were going to see more. How much more production capability will you have for a lot of these models? Because for the most part were told that you sold out for this year in most of the big product lines. How much more production capacity will you have next year, and is this pre-buy that were talking about actually going to be a rolling pre-buy in this market because Interim Tier 4 gets phased in over a couple of years and the prices clearly are going up materially as the product goes on.
Marie Zieglar: It is true that we have a rolling launch. Again, were not sure how much pre-buy there is occurring, because the economic factors seem to support the level of activity that we are experiencing and youve got good orders falling into 2011. But you are correct that it will be a series of rolling launches, both on the ag and construction side. If that helps  Waterloo had not put in all of the capacity that had been approved in 2008. They put in  I dont know if youll recall but it was about a 40% increase and they had about 25 points of the 40 in and I expect that the remaining 15 will be available, I dont know if by the end of this year but sometime in the not too distant future. So that will provide some additional assistance. Harvester had a 30% capacity increase that was in place really by  really would have been fully available to us this year. And so thats there and ready to be used as required. And then there have been capacity adds in other facilities as well.
Eli Lustgarten: So were talking about at Waterloo probably another 10% to 15% incremental production available next year that we didnt have this year?
Marie Zieglar: Well, 40 points. Yeah thats  maybe 10. Mmm hmm.
Operator: Our next question comes from Seth Weber.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Sorry if I missed this, but could you on the production tonnage adjustment  so your third quarter outside North America was below forecast, but then you raised your forecast for the full year. Can you just talk about where thats coming from?
Marie Zieglar: Europe would have been the primary driver for the decline in the third quarter, reflecting a little softer conditions. The market in Brazil is very strong, and in South America I guess I should say, and so you would have some opportunity there.
Seth Weber: Okay, so youre thinking the fourth quarter, Latin America would have been stronger than you would have thought last quarter.
Marie Zieglar: Yes, and Im not sure how Europe plays out in this. Youre not talking huge numbers.
James Field: I think the change is 23% to 24%, so its really in the margin in terms of the full year, so  and the other piece, of course, thats been very strong, and we mentioned it a little bit, is the global forestry markets, and so there would be some production being added there as well.
Seth Weber: And then just, I think Susan mentioned that your visibility into Brazil or Latin America financing right now is kind of through December  but the programs through December. Could you handicap or help us  are you hearing anything about that getting extended, or can you just tell us what your current thinking might be as far as next year?
Marie Zieglar: We believe that we will not know what the outcome of that will be until after the election. In our planning were assuming that interest rates could rise from the current 5.5%, but that they would be unlikely to go all the way up to a market rate, which  the rate before these current low rate programs that come into play was 9.5%, and so perhaps you got closer to 9.5% but maybe not all the way there. So we  I dont have an exact number to give you, but I can tell you that in our own financial planning, as were looking into 2011, were going to assume that those  that the 5.5% does end at the end of December and that the rate goes up a bit. Now the impact, though, for us, will be delayed  actually for the industry  because the customer can make a contract by the end of the year, having entered into a contract at the 5.5% and we can deliver, I think its  Im not sure if its 60 or 90 days. So for us, really effectively our first and second quarters, or at least a good chunk of the second quarter, would be still effectively benefitting from that 5.5%.
Operator: Our final question will come from Joel Tiss.
Joel Tiss  Buckingham Research: I just wondered if you could, in terms of the fourth quarter incremental margins, other people have asked about that, but could you just talk a little bit about the flow of production versus the inventory draw down and just so we can get a sense of what else may be going on there?
Marie Zieglar: Im not sure I know how to answer that question, Joel.
Joel Tiss: So is there less overhead absorption baked into your numbers because youre going to underproduce retail to clean out the old 2009-2010 inventories?
Marie Zieglar: No. Really the additional overhead that we are talking about really is just additional expense from rearranging production lines, the disruption that you have when you may have additional overtime because you have to bring people in to reset lines, because youre adding a new piece of tooling, or making some factory rearrangements. So its really more related to that. Jim, can you help?
James Field: I would agree. If you look at the absolute levels of absorption, theyll be higher than a year ago. Where were losing it is more on the spend side of the overhead equation.
Joel Tiss: And is that higher level of expenses going to flatten out as we go into 2011? 
Marie Zieglar: Again, we dont have a forecast for 2011. We will have a staggered series of launches and I dont know how all of that will play out. We ourselves do not have our budget process done for 2011, so well see how that ultimately plays out. Maybe I could just end with the note that although there are a lot of things going on in the fourth quarter, in terms of our guidance, I still want to point out that $375 million, which is our guidance, is  would imply our second highest fourth quarter ever, and thats despite the start of these launches and some additional expenses, and the fact that you have weak markets in Europe and the former CIS and construction and forestry, although recovering, still below 60% of typical. So we are very very proud of the results that we are delivering and we hope to deliver.  And with that, thank you all for participating in todays call, and we will be available the rest of the day to answer your questions. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-05-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marie Zieglar  Vice President Investor Relations Susan Karlix  Manager, Investor Communications  James Field  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley [Jerry Rebisch  Goldman Sachs] David Raso  ISI Group Stephen Volkmann  Jefferies & Co. Greg Williams  J.P. Morgan Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities Henry Kirn  UBS Alexander Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets Barry Bannister  Stifel Nicolaus Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse 
Operator: Welcome to the Deere second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Miss Marie Zieglar, Vice President Investor Relations.
Marie Zieglar:  Good morning. Also on todays call are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer as well as Susan Karlix and Justin [Maravick] from the Deer Investor Relations staff. Today, well take a closer look at Deeres second quarter earnings and then spend some time talking about our markets and how we see the second half of the year shaping up. After that, well respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning and they can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, as usual, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thompson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copywrited broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in todays call including the Q&A session agree that their likeness and remarks in all medium may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. The call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The company, except as required by law undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. The call and the company materials are not an offer to sell or solicitation of offers to buy any of the companys securities. And finally, this call will include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America known as GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is posted on our website at www.johndeere.com under financial reports, other financial information. Call participants should consider the other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on the call.  And now, for a closer look at the second quarter, heres Susan.
Susan Karlix: John Deeres strong performance continued in the second quarter of 2010. Earnings were up 16% on a scaled increase of 6%. Results would have been higher without a charge related to the recent enactment of U.S. Health Care legislation. The quarters improvement was broad based. The gain was led by Ag and Turf and all three divisions had higher profit. Among the highlights are Construction and Forestry business, saw its first year over year profit increase in nine quarters. Solid execution of our business plans was again a big story for the quarter as was disciplined costs and asset management. Trade receivables and inventory declined by some $900 million. Finally, in line with improved business conditions, our full year earnings forecast has been increased and now totals approximately $1.6 billion. All in all, it was a productive quarter and John Deere seems well on its way to a very good year. Now lets look at the quarter in more detail starting with Slide 3. This is a supplemental slide illustrating the impact of the tax charge for U.S. Health Care legislation taken in the quarter. Excluding the approximately $130 million charge, net income attributable to Deere and Company would have been $677 million or $1.58 per share. On Slide 4, we show the net income attributable to Deere and Company on a reported basis, was $547 million. As we mentioned, that was a 16% increase in profit on a 6% increase in net sales in revenues. Turning to Slide 5, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 6% to $6.5 billion, Deeres second highest sales on record in a second quarter. Currency translation on net sales was positive by four points and price realization was positive by two points. Both equipment divisions had positive price realization in the quarter. Turning to Slide 6, worldwide production tonnage was up 7% in the quarter. Construction and Forestry tonnage was up considerably in large part due to the easy comparisons with the second quarter of 2009 when tonnage was down 62% from the previous years level. In addition, improving global economic conditions, better pulp prices and low field inventory are benefiting the Forestry segment in 2010.  Tonnage outside the U.S. and Canada increased due to strength in Argentina and Brazil, China, India and Mexico. For the full year, worldwide production tonnage is now forecast to be up about 11%. Lets turn to the company outlook on Slide 7. Third quarter sales are expected to be up 21% to 23% compared with the third quarter of 2009. In the financial forecast, currency translation on net sales is expected to be positive by about two points.  For the full year, net equipment sales are forecast to be up 11% to 13% compared with fiscal year 2009. This includes about three points of positive currency translation and approximately 1.5 points of positive price realization. This is in line with our previous guidance of one to two points. Net income attributable to Deere and Company is now forecast to be about $1.6 billion for the year versus our prior guidance of about $1.3 billion. That includes the second quarter tax charge of approximately $130 million for U.S. Health Care legislation. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with Ag and Turf on Slide 8. In the quarter, net sales were up 1% and so was production tonnage. Operating profit however, improved by nearly $250 million or 35% to $952 million. The increase was primarily to improved price realization, higher production volumes, the favorable effects of foreign exchange and lower raw material costs. These factors were partially offset by higher post retirement benefit costs. You might notice we didnt include the A&T incremental margin this quarter. It calculates at about 498% due to the very large swing in operating profit on the small increase in sales. A&T executed well with an operating margin in the quarter of about 17%. The division is benefiting again this year from strong sales of large Ag equipment in the United States and Canada compared with a normal year. A favorable mix contributed one point of margin in the quarter. Before we review the sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the Ag business starting on Slide 9. Commodity prices for the 09/10 crop have remained steady at attractive levels since our last forecast with soybeans seeing an improvement. Soybean exports have remained at good levels despite strong South American crops and the good weather we have been experiencing here in the U.S. tends to favor more corn planting. Cotton prices remain well above year ago levels driven by strong Chinese demand and a reduction in the global cotton supply. On Slide 10, we have included Deeres estimate of U.S. acres planted for 2010/2011. They are the same as the USDA estimates. Corn acreage is expected to increase 2.3 million acres to 88.8 million in order to meet growing demand for feed, export and ethanol. Turning to Slide 11, 2010 U.S. farm cash receipts are now forecast to be up about 5% from 2009 levels, a slight improvement from our last forecast. Livestock is driving the increase in 2010 receipts. The industry should finally expect profits this year after two years of losses. As you can see, 2011 farm cash receipts are expected to be up slightly from 2010 levels. Deeres outlook for the EU 27 is shown on Slide 12. We are beginning to see stabilization in this market, but at very low levels. We dont expect any real recovery in 2010. Farmer sentiment in the region remains negative. Small grain, port and beef prices are expected to remain under pressure and used equipment inventories remain at high levels due to the lack of product going to Central Europe. The industry forecast for 2010 unit tractor sales is slightly below levels seen during the last recession in the early 1990s.  Slide 13 highlights farm net income in Brazil and Argentina. Income from two main crops, soybeans and sugarcane, drive the bulk of equipment purchases in Brazil. So going forward, we will provide a breakout of these two crops when discussing farm net income. Corn, paddy rice and cotton make up the other category. 2010 farm net income is driven by the strength in sugar due to a drastic drought driven drastic reduction in output from India and China. Demand for sugar though, is only part of the story in Brazil. Other positive factors include demand for Brazilian commodities globally as well as government sponsored low rate finance programs like [Finami] and [Masalamentos.] These are all contributing to positive producer attitudes, which translate into higher spending on farm equipment. In April, the Brazilian government announced the Finami financing program would be extended through the end of December. For loans taken through the end of June, the interest rate will remain at 4.5%. For loans taken from July through December, the interest rate will be 5.5%, still an extremely attractive rate in the Brazilian market. Argentina is recovering from the severe 2009 drought with Ag commodity production up over 40% in 2010. With farm net income about $6 billion higher than 2009, we are seeing increased demand for tractors, combines, sprayers and forage equipment. Clearly, the markets are improving and there is a lot of good news out of Brazil.  The next two slides illustrate the long term potential we see in the country. Slide 14 shows Deere estimates for planted acres and production of soybeans in Brazil over the next eight years. Planted acres are expected to increase about 45% and production about 60%. The story is similar for sugarcane. On Slide 15, you can see we expect sugarcane planted acres to increase about 65% and production about 55%.  To take advantage of this opportunity, Deere opened a tractor factory in Brazil in 2007 to complement our combine factory. And, in 2008, we announced an $80 million expansion, adding capacity to both factories. Of course, we didnt undertake this without the buy in of our dealers who are committed to representing John Deere and willing to invest in their own businesses. Moving to Slide 16, you can see we have added almost 70 dealer locations in the last six years and on Slide 17, we have expanded our product offering to meet the needs of our customers. In fact, in 2010 and 2011, we will add 50 new or updated products to our lineup covering a broad array of categories from tractors and combines, to turf equipment and precision technology. Its an exciting picture for Brazil and its clear why Deere and its dealers are looking forward to the opportunity that lies ahead and to serving our growing customer base there. Turning to another great opportunity for John Deere, as you can see on Slide 18, on the heels of a slight pickup in activity and loosening of liquidity in Russia, John Deere celebrated the Grand Opening of its Domodedovo manufacturing and parts center outside of Moscow last month. We began limited assembly of large tractors, combines, elevators and four wheel drive loaders. Slide 19 highlights our 2010 industry outlook. Sales of agricultural equipment in the U.S. and Canada are now forecasted to be up 5% to 10%. That is quite a change from our February forecast of comparable to 2009, and our November 2009 forecast of down about 10%. We continue to see our order book strengthen, especially for large Ag equipment. Remember, the combine early order program ended in January with significantly higher than expected response rates. Demand for large tractors has been higher than expected as well. The new 8R Series tractor has been very received in the marketplace. We have continued to add schedules throughout the first half of the year and effective availability is November 2010. Effective availability for the 9000 Series tractors is September 2010. Conditions in Western Europe remain weak, but Ag sales there is still expected to be down 10% to 15% in the year. Although Russia is up slightly, other countries in the region remain down. Sales in Central Europe and the CIF are expected to remain under pressure, and based on the factors we covered earlier, South America is now projected to increase about 25%. Turning to another product category, we expect retail sales of turf equipment and compact utility tractors in the U.S. and Canada to be up 5% to 10% in the year. We remain cautiously optimistic for this market, as we have witnessed a slow steady movement in the right direction. Economic indicators are improving. Weather has been favorable for sales and we have had a very good start to the all important spring selling season.  Putting this all together on Slide 20, Deere sales for worldwide Ag and Turf are now projected to be up 9% to 11% in the year versus our previous forecast of about 4% to 6%. Currency translation on net sales is projected to be positive, about three points. For the year, the A&T divisions operating margin is forecast to be around 12% to 13%. Lets focus now on Construction and Forestry on Slide 21. With dealers replenishing their fleets, and global forestry markets strengthening from a very low base, Deeres net sales were up 52% in the quarter. Production tonnage was up 82%. The division reported an operating profit of $36 million. Due to the very large volume increases from last years very low base, and positive price realization, C&F incremental margin was about 36%.  On Slide 22, although we are forecasting the U.S. construction industry to be down about 5% for the full year, we feel the market has reached its bottom. We are encouraged by a number of positive developments. Independent rental companies are in talks and in some cases, beginning to purchase moving equipment. Also, Deere dealers are starting to see an improvement in rental utilization and used equipment turns.  As mentioned earlier, global forestry markets are improving with pulp prices up significantly from last year and U.S. lumber production increasing.  On Slide 23, Construction and Forestry sales are now expected to be up about 30% in 2010 from the very low levels of 2009. Our previous forecast was up about 21%. Our forecast now has operating margin slightly above break even for the year. Previously, the division had been forecasted to lose money. Lets move now to our Credit operations. Slide 24 shows the worldwide credit operations provision for credit losses as a percent of the total average portfolio. Year to data on an annualized basis, the provision is 52 basis points. In the first half of the year, write offs in the Construction and Forestry portfolio have been considerably lower than expected. We are encouraged by improvement in recovery rates and increased pricing on repossession. However, we do continue to have high levels of repossessions and delinquent accounts. Consequently, we remain conservative in our forecast provision. The full year provision for John Deere Credit is forecast to run about 71 basis points, which is an improvement over our prior forecast of about 88 basis points. On Slide 25, past dues on the worldwide Credit operations are about flat with last year. Another promising sign is the C&F evolving charge and financing lease past dues are all lower than a year ago. Annualized write offs continue to reflect the excellent performance of our Ag portfolio coupled with improvements in the other portfolios. Moving to Slide 26, worldwide credit operations net income attributable to Deere and Company was $84 million in the quarter versus $68 million last year. The biggest factors were an improvement in financing stress, a lower provision for credit losses, growth in the portfolio and higher commissions from profit insurance. These were partially offset by lower tax credit related to wind energy projects and higher SA&G. Looking ahead, we are now projecting worldwide Credit operations net income attributable to Deere and Company up about $300 million in 2010.  Now lets turn our focus back to equipment operations and take a look at receivables and inventory on Slide 27. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories were down roughly $900 million in the second quarter versus second quarter 2009. We are now forecasting receivables and inventories to be up about $700 million for the year. The increase of $250 million from our outlook last quarter is a result of increasing production levels, especially in the fourth quarter. Now lets discuss the latest on retail sales. On Slide 28, you see the product categories for U.S. and Canada for the month of April expressed in units. For Utility tractors, industry sales were down 6%. Here, it was down low double digits. World crop tractor industry sales were up 6% and Deere was up less than the industry. Four wheel drive tractor industry sales were up 40%. Deere was up more than the industry. And for combines, the industry was up 21%. Deere was up by single digits. Looking at Deere dealer inventories in the bottom chart, for row crop tractors, Deere ended April with inventories of 18% of trailing 12 month sales. Combine inventories were at 8% of sales. Turning to Slide 29, in Western Europe, sales of John Deere tractors were down a single digit and combines were down double digits in April. Deeres retail sales of selected turn and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada were up double digits in the month. Construction and Forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada, on both the first in the dirt and settlement basis, were up double digits in the month. Slide 309 shows raw material and logistics costs down about $70 million in the quarter. We now forecast material cost decreases of approximately $100 million for the year. This is slightly lower than our previous forecast reflecting higher commodity price projections for input like steel. By division, the Ag and Turf savings are forecast at about $125 million. For Construction and Forestry, we are now forecasting a material cost increase of about $25 million. This is due to the currency impact on partner products and higher steel prices. Now lets look at a few housekeeping items. Looking at R&D expense on Slide 31, R&D was up about 4% in the quarter with currency translation accounting for about one point. Year to date, R&D expense is up about 6%. For the full year, R&D expense is expected to be up about 13%. We expect R&D to ramp up in the second half of the year due to interim Tier four durability build and feasibility testing on products that have interim Tier four production base after 2011. Moving now to Slide 32, pension expense in the second quarter was up about $70 million. The 2010 forecast calls for an increase of about $350 million in pension expense, which is down from our previous forecast of about $400 million. Of the $350 million, about $300 million will hit cost of sales leaving about $50 million in SA&G. Approximately $275 million of the additional expense is attributable to the Ag & Turf division, which the increase for C&F is about $75 million.  On Slide 233, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 8% in the quarter. Variable incentive based compensation accounted for about five points and currency translation added about three points.  For fiscal 2010, we now project SA&G to be up about nine points. Variable incentive compensation is expected to contribute about four points of the change as profitability improves. In fiscal 2009, when profitability was lower variable incentive compensation was about six points lower than it was in 2008. Pension and OPEC accounts for about two points and currency translation about two points. Moving to the tax rate on Slide 34, the second quarter tax rate includes the charge for U.S. Health Care legislation of about $130 million. For 2010, the full year effective tax rate is expected to be about 40%. This includes the $130 million charge. Excluding the charge, the forecast effective tax rate for 2010 is 34% to 35%. Before touching on cash flow, currency movements, both translation and transaction, or trade flows, increased operating profit by about $80 million in the second quarter predominantly in Ag and Turf. On Slide 35, you see the strong cash flow from our equipment operations even in years of tough market conditions like 2009. This reflects in large part, our success managing assets and controlling working capital levels. We anticipate strong cash flow from equipment operations in 2010, about $2.5 billion, up from $1.4 billion. Such strong cash flow is further testament to the successful execution of the SGA model. On Slide 36, capital expenditures are expected to be about $900 million for the year primarily driven by interim Tier four. Depreciation and amortization is projected to be about $550 million. Our forecast currently includes about $600 million of pension and OPEC contributions in the year. In closing, John Deere has reached the halfway mark of 2010 on a strong pace. Were looking forward to delivering a solid second half of the year. Our performance no doubt reflects the improvement in overall economic conditions. It certainly reflects strong demand for large farm machinery in the United States and other key markets. By the same token, we are benefiting from the solid execution of our operating and marketing plan, allowing us to quickly capitalize on these positive moves in the marketplace. Weve been quite successful extending our competitive position as well, increasing capacity and adding productive and models and equipment to serve an expanding global customer base. As a result, we believe our company is well positioned to benefit from a growing worldwide economy and to continue delivering value to our customers and investors for the long haul.
Marie Zieglar: We are now ready to begin the Q&A portion of this call. The operator is going to instruct us on the polling procedure. As usual however, I ask that you respect the rest of the audience participants and ask two questions, a limit of two questions. No follow ups in that limit. If you have additional questions, you are of course welcome to get back into the queue.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley: On the Ag margin, I wanted to ask first, is there anything particularly abnormal in price cost? Is this just where the lower materials flow through and you got the pricing and so that would erode or is maybe some of the old consumer margins coming up?
Susan Karlix: In the quarter, we are experiencing some improvement obviously in market conditions for the old turf, but youre absolutely right. That pricing was positive. We talked about two points for the company and raw materials was also a positive.
Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley: In Brazil, your share has been very good in the past couple of years. It was a little less good in the past three or four months on high horsepower tractors is what Im talking about. I know thats lumpy, but has there been any production issues and when are the new models all launching that should help that as well?
Susan Karlix: There have not been any production issues, but you are correct that we are in the process of transition. I dont have the exact dates on the individual models and a couple actually came in from other markets. But as you well know, you need to look at market share over a long period of time. You have normal ebbs and flows. We feel very good about the positioning of our product line, especially now that we have these new products available.
Operator: You're next question comes from [Jerry Rebisch  Goldman Sachs]
[Jerry Rebisch  Goldman Sachs]: Can you please talk about the drivers of the production ramp in your international Ag facilities? How much of that is to support the transition to Tier four interim versus stronger production for North America, Brazil and Russia?
Marie Zieglar: Our international factories in terms of producing for the U.S., there would be some with the medium sized tractors in particular. Theyre coming from markets like Mexico and Manheim, so there would be some activity there. Most of those products though, I think virtually all, would not be subject to IT 4 requirements until starting in 2012 because of the horsepower rate. If you recall, the IT 4 breaks at 175 for 2011 and then below 175 in 2012.
[Jerry Rebisch  Goldman Sachs]: On the R&D side, Susan alluded to the step up in investment in the back half of the year. Should we look at a similar pace of investment going forward until the full Tier four interim product rollout is complete?
Marie Zieglar: Yes, I would see any reason why those numbers will roll back because theres just an enormous number of launches ahead of us.
Operator: You're next question comes from David Raso  ISI Group.
David Raso  ISI Group: I have a question related to the guidance. The first half of the year you had sales of $10.8 billion. In the second half youre guiding to $12.6 billion. So you get $1.8 billion of sales growth sequentially, Im talking. And on the segment profits, the first half you did about $1.3 billion. The back half guidance roughly implies $1.2 billion. So again, were saying sales are going up $1.8 billion sequentially, but profits go down $100 million. Now I could see the R&D first half, the second half does go up $100 million. You get a little D&A help, a little pension help, but lets call that $100 million; I understand the $1.3 billion going to $1.2 billion. But on the revenue growth of $1.8 billion, if I think of a typical incremental margin at 25% that you would get, that youre saying were not going to get it all. Sequentially, thats implying your price versus cost in the back half of the year is like negative 3%.
Marie Zieglar: Our raw materials in the back half of the year are expected to be negative approximately $170 million. Thats whats implied in the guidance in the final six months.
David Raso  ISI Group: Thats year over year though. Im talking sequentially; do we think price versus cost is that negative?
Marie Zieglar: Yes, because we had favorable raw material costs in both the first and second quarters. We had two points of positive price realization for the company in both the first and second quarters and our guidance, which is as Susan pointed out, is unchanged. Were looking at for the full year, about 1.5 points and that implies it would be a little less in the second half of the year. You have higher SA&G as we move into the back half of the year too.
David Raso  ISI Group: But again, sequential is different than the year over year. In the channel, we learned that you did raise price in April and it depends on how quickly you can shift what is under the old pricing with the new pricing. Can you help me understand price versus cost. Are there pricing actions that youre taking including, we heard you werent price protecting orders from dealers for their inventory, but you are protecting of course customer invoice. Can you help me understand the price versus cost?
Marie Zeiglar: At the time that we announced the price increases, we pretty much had a full order book for tractors and as you know we were long since done with the combine early order program. So there are very modest benefits to us in the fourth quarter in terms of price realization from those actions so theyll be more evident as you move through 2011.
Operator: You're next question comes from Stephen Volkmann  Jefferies & Co.
Stephen Volkmann  Jefferies & Co.: Im wondering if we need to sort of rethink earnings power particularly in the Ag and Turf division. I guess Im assuming that the Turf margins are still well below the Ag margins and so it looks to me like this was actually a record quarter for Ag margins going back as far as my model actually back in 85. But where do you think we are on percent of normal in Ag and is there any reason we shouldnt be thinking of this business as getting close to 20% at the peak in terms of EBIT margins.
Marie Zieglar: You might be surprised when I tell you where we think we are relative to normal and worldwide Ag and Turf. We think were actually below average. Where we are very strong is the United States and Canada, specifically in large Ag equipment, but in many other areas we are very low, as weve talked about in Europe and Russia for example, and although recovering in smaller products like compact utility tractors and the turf, etc. And you have Brazil recovering, or I should say more broadly, South America recovering but still not to the very high levels or the levels that they would have been. So as we think about where we are relative to our total opportunity, we would tell you that were again, below our average sales opportunity. That said, Susan did point out that we are benefiting in the quarter and actually this would be true for the full year by about a point because of the heavy mix of large Ag equipment. We also have good pricing, as we talked about in the quarter and a tailwind on raw materials that will flip in the second half of the year. Youre right. By our calculations going back the 17% is very strong and compared against, I think as we calculate our previous peak in the second quarter would have been about 15. So I would say there is additional upside certainly in terms of volume to summarize, but you do need to bear in mind that we have a very favorable mix of large equipment and its worth about eight points. And again, I want to emphasize that point is not year over year. Weve seen this favorable mix really in 2008 to some degree and certainly 2009 and this year. 
Stephen Volkmann  Jefferies & Co.: Just to push you a little bit, if we can get all these market recovering globally, wont that be enough to more than offset the one point of mix that we have here and that margins should be structurally higher?
Marie Zieglar: I would tell you that we are aspiring in this business to get ourselves to about 14.5% margin. That would be over a full year obviously, not in each quarter, and so we have a little bit of work to do. But we are very focused on improving that return.
Operator: You're next question comes from Greg Williams  J.P. Morgan.
Greg Williams  J.P. Morgan: You have $3.6 billion in cash this quarter versus the $3.4 billion last quarter. What are your priorities for excess cash going forward?
James Field: We have for some period of time had a very well articulated and consistent use of cash policy, which is number one; were firmly committed to the single A rating. Number two, were going to continue to make the requisite investments in the business to continue to long term viability and sustainability of the business and extend our competitive advantage.  Number three is, we will look then once weve appropriately satisfied the first two, and once were comfortable that we are carrying enough liquidity given whats going on in the external market environment, particularly in the capital markets, that we will look from time to time at number one for giving a moderately increasing but steady dividend to our shareholders and also well explore repurchases from time to time as an alternative means of distributing cash beyond that cash strategy. Were not going to say a whole lot more in terms of when we might move into the third step of that use of cash strategy.
Greg Williams  J.P. Morgan: Did you see any pre-buy activity in the past quarter and are you seeing any today?
Marie Zieglar: Youre talking specifically about IT four?
Greg Williams  J.P. Morgan: Yes, in North America.
Marie Zieglar: Its very, very hard to call out and say this is IT four related or not. If you look at the Ag business, we have a very successful launch of the new 8R Series product. Its been extremely well received in the market. You have strong farm cash receipts on proved farm net income. Youve got interest rates at historically low levels and again, as we believe that Deere provides a very good value proposition to the marketplace. We have updated our dealers about the general requirements of upcoming emission requirements and have assured them that our strategy of providing good value, quality, reliability etc. will remain unchanged. But again, its just very difficult to pinpoint the specific impact of IT four. If you go to the Construction and Forestry division, there the division is at such low levels of activity, its hard to argue that there is any pre-buying, although again, I cant preclude it because I cant definitively tell you. I can tell you that where they are seeing some pickup from rental houses for example, has been in the smaller stuff, the below 175 horsepower, so thats not subject to the start of the IT four in 2011 so I dont have a definitive answer for you.
Operator: You're next question comes from Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities.
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities: Quick question on the outlook and then cash flow, on the availability that you talked about for series 9000 tractors, are there any initiatives being pursued to increase capacity for this fiscal year or should we assume its pretty much steady as she goes.
Marie Zieglar: We have been increasing our capabilities of delivering products to customers over the course of the year. Weve increased our schedule, as youre undoubtedly aware several times. We have undertaken a capacity increase starting in 2008 and are benefit certainly from the actions taken there both on combines and large tractors. Availability of the 9000 specifically is September; I should say effective availability in both cases is November.
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities: On cash flow, can you help me understand, this is a quarterly, kind of six month question, what drove the receivables from unconsolidated series benefit?
Marie Zieglar: Basically weve got, its been our company money temporarily loan capital corporation. Its as simple as that.
Operator: You're next question comes from Henry Kirn  UBS.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Im wondering if you could chat about why the FX in the guidance didnt change by very much given the move in the Euro.
Marie Zieglar: Our forecasting process, we would do our evaluation of our forecast at the end of April, and we would have used the average rate for currencies that was in effect at the end of April to translate the income statement and balance sheet for the 31 October 2010 and then the income for the remaining period of May through October. We have done some sensitivity analysis in terms of what, and Ill talk specifically about the Euro, what a change in the Euro might mean. At the time we did the translation, we were looking at about an average of 1.34 for the Euro. If the Euro goes between 1.27 and 1.15, youre looking at a favorable impact, we estimate. All other things equal, remember they never are, but all things equal, favorable operating benefit to the Ag and Turf division of somewhere between, and precisely its 7 and 22. Of course it never works out exactly that way, so you can see a little bit of sensitivity actually work to harm us in this particular case.
James Field: I might just add to that. In generally, our trade flows relative to the Euro land or Euro zone versus the United States are relatively well balanced. To the extent that weve had the Euro be an issue relative to our financials good or bad, it generally happens when theres steep, sharp movements in the Euro versus the dollar. So the analysis that Marie has shared with you shows that in generally, were fairly well balanced relative to the Euro and thats why you see this basically diminimous impact from the movement going forward. Now, Marie made a very important caveat; that is, all other things being equal and of course they never are, but that would be our estimate today.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Have you seen any change in behavior from fires in the European countries with sovereign debt issues?
Marie Zieglar: Actually, the market conditions there and the farmer buying mood is very poor and so we havent seen any cancellations, if thats what youre asking, but things are at a very low level of activity, so we havent seen things deteriorate further. In fact, if you want to find any silver lining there indicating some stabilization, again at a pretty low level.
Operator: You're next question comes from Alexander Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder.
Alexander Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: Your inventory, your corporate inventory was up about $600 million during the first half from the end of last year and typically you run it back down in the second half to about the same level that it started. I assume youre going to do that but in relation to the earlier question about why net income 
Marie Zieglar: Let me interrupt. Actually our forecast does not have us running it back down. Thats in our slide deck we show, and its a combination of receivables and inventory, but both categories contribute. 
Alexander Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: Im talking inventory alone.
Marie Zieglar: I cant give you a number. As weve discussed many times, separately, but I will tell you both categories are up. And if you recall, last year we were at extremely low levels of production in the fourth quarter as we were working to reduce inventories and align with 
Alexander Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: I havent asked my question yet. My question is how much did the inventory increase do you think add to the first quarter net income, because thats a factor in the second half net income being a little bit lower than people expect because your inventory increase inflated the first half net income a bit. How much would you say?
Marie Zieglar: Again, we dont have a separate number as weve discussed before for inventory separate from receivables. Alexander Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder Im asking how much it added to net income over absorption. Running up the inventory added something to net income. How much would it be?
Marie Zieglar: Maybe I could do it this way. Again, Im going to have a combined number, and this would be a benefit but in the first half of the year, actually it turns out to be negative. This is just looking at inventory, because we had such low levels of production in the first quarter. Youre actually looking at something that would be maybe a $25 million net cost in the first quarter.
Alexander Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: Well have to talk about it offline. Youre guidance went up, if I add back, and I assume that the charges was not in the first quarter guidance, right? In other words, the guidance three months ago didnt have the charge in it.
Marie Zieglar: Thats correct.
Alexander Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: So your guidance for the year is up about net income about 33% and Im wondering what was it that changed so much so dramatically and why wasnt the earlier forecast higher?
Marie Zieglar: We continue to see very good levels of activity in our Ag business specifically in places like Brazil and some large equipment in the U.S., and actually a bit of a turn in the Turf business and even in medium size tractors. We saw some other categories starting to improve. And then the Construction business is seeing a little bit more as our dealers are starting to see a little bit of field activity, seeing businesses starting to stabilize, a little more confidence.
James Field: Let me just jump in. A short answer to that would be pretty much everything has gotten better at the macro level. A&T is up, C&S is up and the Credit operations are up, and then on top of that, were seeing a very favorable mix. Weve seen favorable mix development inside of A&T.
Operator: You're next question comes from Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital.
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital: A couple of questions on the Construction & Forestry side of the business. Can you walk through some of the assumptions around this business? I know in the last quarter you were talking about inventories flat. It sounds at this point youre looking at some inventory build on the part of dealers and then retail sales down 5% to 10%. Can you just update those?
Marie Zieglar: Retail sales for the industry we think will now be down about 5% and we think thats frankly behind us. We think that were approaching a bottoming if were not already there. Weve actually started to see, and I want to be careful because this is from very low levels of activity, but weve actually started to see a little bit of activity out of rental and some smaller equipment, but again, all very low levels.  The other part, we have more production now planned in our fourth quarter than we did when we last gave guidance so that really drives the increase in ending inventories and receivables. Some of that is company owned. A little bit of it is from the field.
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital: Could you talk a little bit about the lead times that youre seeing from your suppliers and then the lead times the dealers in the categories where you are starting to see the increase on the Construction and Forestry side?
Marie Zieglar: In terms of availability, actually were doing extremely well with our suppliers. We have worked pretty hard and they have worked hard to help meet our need, and we actually have some various strategies to flex up and down. Thats actually a part of our normal routine business planning process. The order fulfillment processes in the construction equipment divisions are working fine. We have plenty of ability to respond but I dont have a definitive number for you on lead times, but things are starting to turn and were doing a very good job of meeting customer needs.
Operator: You're next question comes from Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research: Can you repeat what the benefit was for the Euro? You said it was a slight benefit and it cut out.
Marie Zieglar: Between 1.27 and 1.15 youre looking at somewhere between $7 million and $22 million, all things equal and operating profit.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research: Back to the construction equipment area, do you have any sense how much of the improvement that youre seeing in your high production is going to inventory restocking or rebalancing the fleets of your dealers as opposed to pure end demand. I assume youre suggesting that end demand still not going anywhere and almost all the buying is replenishment of the fleet. Do you expect that to be finished this year?
Marie Zieglar: No, I wouldnt say it would be finished because youre at such a low level of activity and frankly even in terms of field inventories. But you are seeing again, from the rental companies, a little bit of a turn but most of it is some replenishment on the part of our dealers.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research: Do you have any feel for where your inventories will wind up at the end of the year? I assume based on projections, you still seem to have very tight farm inventories at the end of the year in the farm sector.
Marie Zieglar: That would be true. Thats in part be design and then certainly in response to very good market conditions.
Operator: You're next question comes from Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: On your comment about used equipment inventories in Europe, is that across product lines and is that just more an industry commentary or is that Deere dealers? Can you give us some color there?
James Field: That is more or less across the line. Of course, were over represented by tractors and combines in Western Europe and we do not believe that Deere is not unique in this regard. In fact, we would tell you that our inventories in general are in good a shape as most anybodys and this backup of used goods really tends to be more of an industry wide issue in Europe.
Seth Weber  RBC Capital Markets: Flipping over to Brazil, you raised your forecast for the South American market. Do you expect revenue comps to be down year over year for the second half just given the timing of some of the programs that were in place last year or do you think thats 
Marie Zieglar: You may not be aware and we didnt mention it overtly in the call, the Brazilian government has announced an extension or continuation of the low rate financing under the [Finami] program. It is currently 4.5% and it ends at the end of June. There is another rate that will be effective from the first of July through December 31, and that is 5.5%, which is up a little bit from 4.5% but still a very attractive level in the market. Regarding the [Masalamentos] program, at least as far as last week, we still have not heard anything from the government as to whether or not it would be continued. Conventional wisdom in Brazil does believe it will be continued. So I wouldnt see a decline in the fourth quarter. We had originally talked about that when we assumed that the rates went back to more normal levels. As we look forward into 2011, again absent any other information we have to assume that the special rate will end at the end of December, at least for planning purposes what you would expect. It will affect sales though a little bit further into our fiscal 2011 because you usually have to commit with the bank sometime, we expect it would be by the end of November, and then you have a few months after that to actually take delivery on the equipment. So that would get us sometime into our second quarter.
Operator: You're next question comes from Barry Bannister  Stifel Nicolaus.
Barry Bannister  Stifel Nicolaus: Now that the dust has settled, I wanted to step back and ask a bigger picture question on Deere as a whole and lately in Construction and Forestry, this obsession with working capital has caused some pretty extraordinary swings in production tonnage and operating leverage and its resulted in volatility of operating earnings with EPS down 40% in 09 and then back up 42% in 10. So what Im getting from investors is they really view Deere as more of a short term speculative vehicle not so much a long term investment, and the incentive system inside Deere is SVA based, has a very sharp focus on capital deployed. So we can expect these huge swings on production schedules on a regular basis going forward. So my question is, do we have a situation here of misaligned interest? Would it be better to smooth earnings a little bit over the cycles by alternatively over and under producing over time rather than panicking, cutting productions and quickly raising production when we find ourselves short competitively of inventory. Do you have any thoughts on that?
Marie Zieglar: I certainly do. We would tell you that our SGA model has been extremely powerful in raising the overall returns that we have generated as a company. You may recall that we traditionally turned our assets maybe a little more than one times. Were well over two times. We think thats helpful to our customers because they get new fresh product that is specifically designed to meet their needs as opposed to taking inventory that has been sitting out sometimes frankly too long at the dealer and its not optioned the way the customer wants it. In terms of our ability to manage working capital, youre not mentioning the very powerful effect that it has had on our ability to generate cash flow, and we think that is critical and we think actually we can get very solid feedback on this. With the markets turned down, eventually youre going to have to react, and its a question of timing whether you do it today or tomorrow. We do not think we have been knee jerked at all in responding to market conditions. And again, I think that our very superior returns speak for themselves.
Barry Bannister  Stifel Nicolaus: Does your $4.00 EPS guidance in 2010 include any loss for the sale of the windmills?
James Field: We have not arrived at any sort of definitive course of action relative to the wind business and as a result, our forecast does not contemplate any sort of definitive action one way or the other, other than it continues to be in the portfolio. What weve announced is that weve undertaken a strategic review and at the right time we will reveal what the results of that review will contemplate, but right now, our forecast contemplates that wind is a continuing piece of the John Deere portfolio. I would go back to the previous question and also offer the point that 2009 was an extraordinary year in terms of the schedule reductions that were put in place and then the reactions. And one I would say obviously if youre going to develop any sort of hypothesis, I think it needs to be taken with a grain of salt in that it was so extraordinary and we are firmly of the opinion that long term that being very, very quick to react in terms of schedule, making sure that we have the right products out there at the right time with the right optionalities so we dont have to give it away is in fact, in the long term best interest of our shareholders. And its a very complicated subject. 
Operator: You're next question comes from Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research.
Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research: How much did foreign exchange contribute to operating income in the quarter?
Marie Zieglar: It was $80 million and its primary Ag, virtually all Ag.
Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research: For your cash flow outlook, cash flow from operations, can you explain something to me. Maybe Im just doing my math wrong, but youre forecasting that to increase by $600 million, a pretty healthy, but net income in your guidance is up a little over $400 million when you add back that charge and then your receivables and inventories are actually going up as well, so Im presuming working capital would be more of a use than previously expected and your depreciation actually is going down a little bit. So what am I missing that contributed an incremental $200 million or more to cash flow from operations.
Marie Zieglar: With the rise in payables, with the rise in activity late in the fourth quarter, you get a little bit and then weve got dividends from financial services that we didnt have last year. And I think those would be the two biggest.
James Field: The dividend by itself I think is $200 million. A year ago, because we were re-levering the balance sheet to the capital corporation, we didnt take any money out of the financial services, so effectively the earnings were not monetized, whereas this year, at least two-thirds of their earnings will be monetized in terms of cash and the equipment operations.
Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research: And the comment about working capital with the payables, youre saying that working capital is more neutral rather than 
Marie Zieglar: I dont have it broken out exactly. Ive got it by line items, but as were ramping up those schedules in the fourth quarter, you do because of the timing end up with some payables.
James Field: For example, in the payables, last year our incentive compensation accruals would have gone down significantly. I think we made a comment a year ago that six points of the SA&G decline was because of the reduction in the incentive compensation expense. Thats a reduction in an accrual, which through the cash flow statement effectively shows up almost as a use of cash and then as that accrual is being rebuilt, thats a non cash charge to earnings and so its those sorts of items.
Operator: You're next question comes from Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Im curious on your R&D and SG&A expense when we think about each quarter, weve raised that expense. Your percentage increase a couple of points relative to where we were when we first started off, yet weve under spent in the first half. So why is that going higher? How do we think about the impact on Q3 relative to Q4? Im trying to think if theres anything else going on there or is that cushion in the guidance. And then just on your 2011 farm cash receipts forecast, again another stellar year. Its probably the second best year in U.S. farmer history. Under what scenario would 2011 sales be down in the U.S. just based on your cash receipt forecast? Am I missing something? Is that why its not going to be up?
Marie Zieglar: The R&D spend, we have no deliberate cushioning in either R&D or SA&G. The expenses required to meet IT 4 are real and then engineering will be ramping up as we move through time. Does it get all the way up to 13%? I cant guarantee it, but that is a very real cost and weve got plans in place for that. SA&G, there will be some launch expenses and I think there is as you know, we werent sure how the year would progress. I think there might have been a few things in SA&G that might have been postponed into the second half f the year that we had some flexibility on. I know even in my own case, some training that I didnt do in the first half, I may do in the second.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Is it split evenly between Q3 and Q4? If I think of your total expense for the year, is it split evenly between Q3 and Q4, the remainder of what we need to spend?
Marie Zieglar: I dont have that level of detail, I am sorry.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Then your 2011 cash receipts forecast for the United States. Im just trying to figure out what Im missing, under what scenario sales could be down? Is it Tier four, anything in your mind where were not having another up stellar year in the United States for farm equipment?
Marie Zieglar: At this stage of the game we dont have guidance for 2011 and so its very, very difficult to predict. The factors that youre looking at seem to be very good. We would hope there would be some upside coming as you see recovery in livestock and from the Turf and utility division as well, but we do not have a forecast so Im unable to give you a better answer. Thank you all for participating in the call today and of course as usual, well be available to answer questions throughout the day. Bye.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-02-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Field - Chief Financial Officer Susan Karlix - Investor Relations Justin Marovec - Investor Relations Marie Ziegler - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Henry Kirn - UBS Steve Volkmann - Jefferies & Co. Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder David Raso - ISI Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Seth Weber - RBC Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Daniel Dowd - Bernstein
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Deeres first quarter earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until the question-and-answer session of todays conference. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Marie Ziegler, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Marie Ziegler: Good morning. Also on todays call are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; and Susan Karlix and Justin Merrimac from the Deere Investor Relations staff.  Today well take a closer look at Deeres first quarter earnings and then spend some time talking about our markets and provide you an update on how we see 2010 shaping up. After that we will open to questions. Please note that slides are available to compliment the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First as usual a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q-and-A session agree that their likeness and remarks in all media maybe stored and used as part of the earnings call. Todays call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. The call and accompanying materials are not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any of the companys securities. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, otherwise its know as GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is posted on the website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports, under other financial information. Call participants should consider the other information and risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on the call. Now for a closer look at our first quarter, here is Susan.
Susan Karlix: Thank you, Marie. This morning John Deere reported results for the first quarter of 2010 and what a quarter it was. In spite of a decline in sales, earnings were up 19% from a year ago. The improvement was led by our Ag & Turf and credit businesses, both of which are experiencing improved conditions. Disciplined cost and asset management were again major stories with SA&G expense little changed and trade receivables and inventory down by $1.4 billion. Finally, our full year forecast for earnings has been increased significantly to $1.3 billion. All-in-all it was an impressive performance. Now lets look at the quarter in more detail starting with slide three. First quarter net income attributable to Deere & Company was $243 million or $0.57 per share, our net sales and revenues of $4.8 billion. It was the second highest earnings total for any first quarter in the companys history, trailing only the first quarter of 2008. As shown on slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 7% in the first quarter, versus first quarter 2009. Currency translation on net sales was positive by about five points with about two points of positive price realization. Turning to slide five, worldwide production tonnage was down 20% in the quarter. However, demand has been better than expected for large Ag and international Forestry products accounting for the improvement in our tonnage forecast. For the full year, projected production tonnage is now forecast to be up about 5%. Lets turn to the company outlook on slide six; second quarter sales are expected to be up 4% to 6% compared with the second quarter of 2009. Currency translation is expected to be positive by about five points, with about two points of positive price realization. For the full year, net equipment sales are forecast to be up 6% to 8% compared with fiscal year 2009. This includes about three points of positive currency translation and one to two points of positive price realization. Net income attributable to Deere & Company is now forecast to be about $1.3 billion for the year. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with Agriculture & Turf on slide seven. In the quarter, net sales were down 6%, with production tonnage down 20%. Operating profit was $352 million in the quarter. Lower raw material costs, positive price realizations and the favorable effects of foreign currency translation and product mix offset lower sales volumes and higher post-retirement benefit costs. A&T is starting to see benefits from last years organizational realignment resulting in the creation of the Ag & Turf division. Ongoing rationalization of processes, facilities, and resources is allowing the divisions to more efficiently meet customer needs and reduce overall costs. Before we review the sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the Ag business starting on slide eight. Commodity prices for the 09, 10 crops have risen modestly since our last forecast. Corn acreage is expected to increase 1.5 million acres in 2010 to meet growing demand for seed, exports, and ethanol. Whats more, corn is expected to be more profitable this year. According to Informa, profit from corn will be $77 an acre more than soybeans in 2010; this is an additional $15 an acre above the 2009 levels. For soybeans, continued robust export demand will keep prices relatively high in the near term. Finally cotton prices remain well above the year ago levels, driven by lower production in Asia and the rapidly recovering Asian economies. Turning to slide nine, forecast prices as you can see are below the very high levels of 2008, but remains strong on a historical basis. On slide 10, 2010 U.S. Farm Cash Receipts are now forecast to be up about 4% from 2009 levels. The biggest change is in the Livestock sector, where mill prices have continued to climb and things are generally headed in the right direction. Slide 11 highlights farm net income in Brazil and Argentina. Argentina is recovering from the 2009 drought, driving increased demand for tractors, combines, sprayers and forage equipments. In Brazil, 2010 farm net income is expected to double from last years level. Normally when we talk about Brazil, we talk about soybeans; however the primary driver of increased farm net income in 2010 is the large improvement in sugar. International sugar prices are extremely strong, demand is higher than production due to a drastic drought driven reduction in sugar output from India and China. Strong demand for sugar is only part of the story in Brazil. Other positive factors include demand for Brazilian commodities globally, as well as government sponsored low rate financed programs like FINAME and [Inaudible]. These are all contributing to positive producer additives, which translate into higher on farm equipments. Putting all of that together, as you can see on slide 12, our outlook for industry sales of agricultural equipment in U.S. and Canada is comparable to 2009. This is up significantly from our previous forecasts of down about 10%. The strength weve seen in our order books is driving this increase. For example, the combine early order program ended in January with a significantly higher than expected response rate. Demand for large tractors has been higher than expected as well. On the 8R Series tractors, we have added schedule as orders have come in, effective availability in September of 2010. The story is the same on the 9000 Series tractors with effective availability in May 2010. Conditions in Western Europe are weak, with Ag sales there expected to be down 10% to 15% in the year. Farmer sentiment is low and used equipment inventories remain high due to the lack of product going to Central Europe. We expect sales in Central Europe and the CIS to remain under pressure as well.  Things look better in South America, where sales are projected to increase 10% to 15%. Turning to another product category, we expect retail sales of turf equipment and compact tractors in the U.S. and Canada to be flat for the year after a sharp drop in 2009. On slide 13, Deere sales for worldwide Ag & Turf are projected to be up 4% to 6% in the year versus our previous forecast of down about 4%. Currency translation is projected to be positive about four points. As just discussed, demand for large Ag equipment is much stronger than anticipated. Product mix has shifted in our favor as well. In November we talked about product mix, referring to sales of different categories of equipment being a factor in our lower 2010 outlook. At the time, we expected sale of large Ag products to be down almost 10% with the large absorption of these products negatively affecting operating margins and our current forecast. The anticipated improvement in large Ag will change the mix. We now expect mix to be neutral in 2010. The division will benefit some operating improvements made in 2009, as well as from positive price realizations, lower material costs, and the positive effects of currency. Conversely about $300 million of the increase in Pension and OPEB expense will be charged to Ag & Turf. Also, the division will see higher R&D expense, primarily for Interim Tier 4, the regulatory engine emission standards in the U.S. and Stage III B in Europe. In Turf we are encouraged by strong retail demand in commercial mowing and golf course equipment in January. For the year, the A&T divisions operating margin is forecast to be around 10%. Lets focus now on construction forestry on slide 14. With continuing weak markets in the U.S. and abroad, net sales were down 15% in the quarter, production tonnage was down 22%. The division reported an operating loss of $37 million.  Again this quarter, C&F demonstrated commitment to its Turf management plans through tight expense control, but higher Pension and OPEB expense, as well as higher R&D expense mainly associated with Interim Tier 4 spending resulted in a decremental margin of about 50%. Without these two items, C&F decremental margin would have been in the mid 20s.  Through the aggressive management of production levels the division has continued to successfully manage inventories. At the end of January based on inventory levels, reported to the association of equipment manufactures, Deere construction dealers in the U.S. and Canada were carrying about one-third less than the inventories in the rest of the industry, paced on percent of days on sand. On slide 15, construction and forestry sales are now expected to be up about 21% in 2010, up from the very low levels of 2009 and from our previous forecast of up about 18%. On the construction side as you see from the chart, U.S. economic indicators for 2010 indicate that retail market will remain weak. Non-residential spending is forecast to be down again in 2010, due to ripple effects from the depressed housing sector, coupled with tight credit conditions. Overall we believe the retail market for construction equipment will be down 5% to 10% in 2010. Things are looking a little better, however for global forestry markets, improving global economic conditions, better pulp prices, and low field inventories will benefit the forestry segment in 2010. Again, this is in comparison with very low levels of 2009.  Here C&F division will benefit from higher production and sales. However these will be offset by a higher charge of about 100 million per Pension and OPEB expense. Other headwinds include higher R&D expenses, primarily for Interim Tier 4 as well as a possible material cost increase and roughly flat pricing. As a result, the C&F division operating margins are expected to be similar to 2009. Lets move now to our credit operations. Slide 16 shows the worldwide credit operations provision for credit losses at a present of the total average portfolio. In the first quarter the provision on an annualized base is around 52 basis points. Write-offs in the construction forestry portfolios were lower than expected and lower than a year ago in absolute dollars. While this is encouraging, we arent prepared to say weve turned the corner. The full year provision is still forecast to run around 89 basis points, roughly the same as last year. On slide 17, past dues for the worldwide credit operations are about flat with last year. Annualized write-offs continue to reflect the excellent performance of our Ag portfolio. The Construction & Forestry rate has increased, but as noted a few moments ago, write-offs in dollars are lower than a year ago. The percentage is higher because the portfolio, the denominator is lower. This reflects the steep decline in U.S. construction equipment sales since 2008. Moving to slide 18, worldwide credit operations net income attributable to Deere & Company was $81 million in the quarter versus $45 million last year. The biggest factor was an improvement in financing spread, resulted from interest rates returning to more historical spreads, following the interest rate volatility in late 2008 and early 2009. Looking ahead, we are projecting worldwide credit operations, net income attributable to Deere & Company at about $250 million in 2010. Now lets turn our center focus back to the equipment operations and take a look at receivables and inventory on slide 19, where the company as a whole receivables and inventories were down roughly $1.4 billion in the quarter. Since our last outlook, in light of the higher than anticipated production levels expected in the fourth quarter, we are forecasting receivables and inventory to be up about $450 million in 2010. Now lets discuss the latest on retail sales. Slide 20 presents the product category details for the month of January expressed in units. Utility tractor industrial sales were down 7%; Deere was down less than the industry. Row-Crop Tractors industry sales were up 32%, Deere was up more than the industry. Four wheel drive tractor industries were up 5%; Deere was up a single digit, but more than the industry. Combine industry sales were up 14%, Deere was up more than the industry. Looking at Deere dealer inventories in the bottom chart, for Row-Crop Tractors into January was inventories at 21% of trailing 12 month sales. Combine inventories were at 6% of sales. The January percentage to trailing 12 months retail sales has seen a slight up tick for Row-Crop Tractors year-over-year. At the end of January, the absolute number of units in inventory for both Row-Crop Tractors and Combine as a percent of trailing 12 month sales was lower than a year ago.  Turning to slide 21, in Western Europe sales of John Deere tractors were down double digits and Combines were up double digits in January. Deeres retail sales of selected turf and utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada were up a single-digit in the month. Construction & Forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada and growth in person and settlement basis were down double digit for the month. Slide 22 shows raw material and logistics costs down about $150 million in the quarter. We now forecast material cost decreases of approximately $160 million for the year. This is slightly lower than our previous forecast reflecting higher commodity price projection for input for the deal. This estimate could deteriorate further if commodity prices rise more than anticipated and dollar weakens from the credit level. The Ag & Turf division savings is forecasted at about $150 million. For Construction & Forestry due to the currency impact on partner products, we are now forecasting CNS material costs to be flat to up $25 million. Looking at R&D expense on slide 23, R&D was up about 7% in the first quarter, with currency translation accounting for about two points. R&D expense is expected to be up about 12% in fiscal 2010, with currency accounting for about one point. The bulk of the increase is accounted for Interim Tier 4 emission spending. Moving now to slide 24, pension expense in the first quarter was about $110 million. As discussed last quarter the 2010 forecast calls for an increase of about $400 million in Pension and OPEB expense, primarily due to a change in the discount rates. Of the $400 million change, about $325 million will hit costs of sales, leaving about $75 million in SA&G. Ag & Turf are responsibility for about $300 million of the additional expense, while the increase for C&F is about $100 million. On slide 25, equipment operations SA&G expenses was up about 1% in the quarter. Currency translation accounted for about four points; Pension and OPEB added about three points. Excluding these two items, SA&G expense would have been down about six points in the quarter. For fiscal 2010, we now project SA&G to be up about eight points, Pension and OPEB accounts for about three points, variable incentive compensation contributes about three points for the change and currency about two points. Moving to the tax rate on slide 26, the implied first quarter tax rate for the equipment operations was about 36%. For 2010, the full year effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 34% to 35%. Before touching on cash flow, currency movements both translation and transactions or trade flows increased operating profit by about $75 million in the first quarter. On slide 27, you see the strong cash flow from our equipment operations, even in years of tough market conditions. This reflects in large part, our success managing assets and controlling working capital levels. We anticipate strong cash flow from the equipment operations in 2010, $1.9 billion up from last years $1.4 billion. Such strong cash flow is further a testament to the execution and success of the SVA Model. On slide 28 capital expenditures are now expected to be about $900 million, primarily driven by Interim Tier 4, depreciation and amortization as projected to be about $600 million. Our forecast currently includes about $600 million of Pension and OPEB contributions in the year, and capital spending for financial services is forecasted around $200 million in 2010, primarily for wind projects. In closing, John Deere has started 2010 on a strongly positive note and is looking for further improvement in the year ahead. Our performance in the face of separately week globally economic conditions reflected is solid execution of our operating and marketing plans and our success in taking costs and asset discipline to a new level. Weve remained squarely focused on our customers as well expanding our global customer base and expanding our competitive position. As a result of these factors, we continue to believe that our company is well prepared to capitalize on an eventual upturn in the economy and well positioned to meet the worlds growing need for food, fuel, shelter and infrastructure in the years to come.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Susan. We are now ready to begin the Q-and-A portion of the call and Laura our operator will instruct us on the polling procedure, but as a reminder and I do very firmly remind you that we are asking for you no more than two questions and multipart question does count as multiple questions; with that Laura.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse:  Just two questions; one Marie, can you give anymore color in the first quarter, how much can you quantify what the material costs benefit was in the first quarter when we think about the Ag margins and just how that plays out throughout the year, some perplexed by our flat margin comment for Ag for the full year.  Then the other question was, just a little more color on what you are seeing on Western European trends, which inform you didnt change the top line forecast, but sort how you are thinking about your inventory levels and production relative to the industry, any color you can give by country.
Marie Ziegler: Why dont we start with Western Europe first. Farmer moves there continues to be pretty somber and as a result you will note we have not changed our guidance; that industry will be down 10% to 15%. We do see some differences in some countries. Because of the currency relationship you do see a little more strength in places like the U.K. and Poland because of their currency translation and these are paid. In Europe their currencies are relatively strong, but generally speaking Livestock is maybe stabilizing some, but stabilizing at pretty low levels and you continue to see backup of used equipment. Weve sighted this couple of times, it is not yet at worrisome levels, but it does act as a precautionary note in the market. Moving onto margins, our raw material guidance is $150 million for the year, and basically we got it all in the first quarter, generally speaking flat through the rest of the year. You will note too that when we talked about things like R&D and SA&G, they were relatively light in the first quarter. Those costs will increase at least as we move through year and of course Ag is the bigger piece of both of those numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Can I get one clarification? Did you say, the foreign currency benefit including hedging gains they were $75 million in the quarter, is that what you said?
Susan Karlix: Yes, that its not really the impact of the trade flows, but it is $75 million in the quarter thats an operating profit.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Theres no LIFO or anything like that?
Susan Karlix: No.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Can we talk about construction equipment and I guess I am surprised it is going to lose money for the year. How you expect to make money in the quarters given the scenario. Whats going on; is it because of the Interim Tier 4 investment or whats going on thats expecting any sort of operational improvement.
Susan Karlix: For every three factors, even though their sales are up, basically the incremental margin is absorbed by about $100 million Pension and OPEB increase, which we had talked about last quarter and thats still in place. They too have higher R&D and its actually divisions of a full year. Its about $40 million, so its not as significant and they have one of the factors. This is why we have no material costs; we have a headwind of flat to up about $25 million. So the midpoint of that would be $10 million to $15 million.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Final question, you have increased Ag production significantly. I think you referenced that the fourth quarter could be much higher. Can you give us insight as to how the Ag sales will look for the rest of the year? Second, itll probably still be the strongest of the year, but probably a stronger fourth quarter than before that was indicated?
Susan Karlix: I think that really was referencing what we anticipated, but basically versus a year ago, because a year ago we had significant shutdowns. So this year we will be in production at a higher level and that of course it goes on to affect our trade receivables.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: The same quarter is going to be the strongest of the year, but if you compare it to the second half of the year thats? 
Susan Karlix: Thats really more of the issue, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Im going to ask two questions on production schedule. The first is just how you think about it? Weve been hearing and we believe underlying demand is fairly strong. Have you raised the combine production, and is that done? Pretty much going to produce what you are going to produce, and similar on the large tractor side, would you potentially, if demand continues to be a strong bump up again or are you aiming to hit a certain schedule?
Susan Karlix: We certainly would do everything that we could to meet our customers demand requirement and to go back to one of your earlier points, yes we have pretty significantly increased our projected productions for our combines and actually for large tractors. As we talked about that, its really the single biggest factor driving the change in top line and income tax.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: The follow up is we have heard a couple of farmers, not a lot but a couple talking about nervousness about the Tier 4 engine, not so much the price but warning somebody else to take the risk on the engine, and so are you concerned about a pre-buy? Is that fact your production decision for this year and whats your strategy for showing farmers the engine is going to work; how you are going to roll that out?
Marie Ziegle: Weve already been at farm shows starting to introduce the product; we are starting to get new magazine articles talking about the production. I would like in this, anytime you have a major change in a machine there is always some customers who want the first in technology. They will approximate some interesting product benefits and some of the products that come along with it and theres a trend for us to need to continue to improve productivity.  We have the long term need to increase route for the world, and so I would say that this is something that we have managed through before. We have a very significant rollout plan in terms of training and education for dealers and technicians and of course for customers. We will have plenty of opportunities Jim.
Jim Field: Let me just add to that a little bit, Marie hit on this training and this is a huge undertaking. We have got 20 different courses we are rolling out, 14 different languages, we have already touched more than 8,000 dealer personnel and so all of that is really about educating the folks that are in the front line interaction with the customers, to help the customers get the level of confident that they need and make sure that we can deliver the John Deere experience, so that it is a huge undertaking.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan - JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan:  Because I think for the first time in the history of my covering John Deere, I have no objection to you. I click for agriculture either in North America or your residents. So lets take it a different way.  Marie it is kind of a double edged sword or who never wants to address this, but currency is a positive and probably impacting your outlook for equipment sales. However the double edged sword is a stronger dollar and could impact both your equipment exports as well as customer exports. Can you talk a little bit about what exactly is in your outlook for currency, particularly Euro dollar exchange rate and what the upside versus down side risk that you see with that forecast?
Marie Ziegle: Specifically, we need to have a practice of not forecasting. We look at the after rate that we have experienced in the quarter, and use that to forecast going forward, and that would have been Euro, 146 was the average
Jim Field: 146 was the average rate for the quarter and that well use going forward.
Marie Ziegler: For the company, in terms of Europe specifically, the primary tractor in Europe is a midsize tractor, and those are manufactured in Europe as the primary source by that, so we do a fairly good job of trying to match production to where the market are.
Susan Karlix: You did benefit from significant exports of combines in North America into places like Eastern Europe.
Marie Ziegler: Eastern Europe and Russia, thats a whole different set of circumstances. Go ahead, Jim.
Jim Field: A lot of those transactions would be denominate and dollars as well.
Marie Ziegler: Youre aware the single biggest factor in the outlook there is the circumstances in Russia and we are working to get an assembly facility up and running. We are on time for that we said in the spring and we are working with the Russian Government to make sure we all understand the terms. So we are on track.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Then my follow up question is a similar question; interest rates have helped support a very aggressive pricing out there in the marketplace, not just from John Deere but from competitors at large and had been a positive for your financial services business. Can you talk a little bit about your outlook for interest rates going forward and how that might impact your financial services business?
Jim Field: I dont think really we have been out front with a explicit forecast, but our financial services business is we dont really take position on rate so much, we try to lock in finance spreads to be a match funded, such that these swing unless they have been very quickly and very violently that they dont impact the earnings stream too much. Having said that in general, our view would be for an increasing rate environment over the course of the year, and that would be a very, very modest view though and we have factored that into some of our forecasts on the financial services side, but also on the equipment side, because that generally results in higher interest labor charges.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Comment on your ability to be pretty aggressive.
Susan Karlix: Thats two questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Henry Kirn - UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS: Question for you on how much could you flex capacity if we were to get a free buy for the large tractors and combines?
Susan Karlix: I wouldnt site it so much as a pre-buy, because weve know that the primary drivers of customer demand are good levels of cash receipts because thats farm income, and we certainly would agree going back to Anns comment, low interest rates. Certainly you also helped support that. You are aware that we had put additional capacity on both Harvester and Waterloo last year and actually many, many of our factories are globally, so we have the ability to respond to additional demand. That said, for our combine program in the U.S. and Canada, a round number is 95% of our orders are already in place, and we adjust production accordingly based on the results of our early order program. So we could have some additional flexing there, but were pretty well in position there.
Henry Kirn - UBS: For my follow-up, you mentioned benefits from the Ag & Turf restructuring, are there anymore benefits that could be had from restructuring the old commercial and consumer segment?
Susan Karlix: Well, that is included in benefits that we are citing, because as we merge the two divisions together, there were people, redundancies and processes that were improved really out of both sides of the business. We dont exist in two separate silos anymore, theyre really fully merged. Thats whats generating for this year a $50 million to $60 million charge. I would just talk about our landscape business too, where theyve had very difficult market conditions, because they are very focused on housing and driven by housing, and that business has unfortunately also had implied reductions, 800,000 and is close on merge stores locations. So they also are looking for some improvements in their financial results and that is maybe an additional $25 million this year, and then finally were aware that we closed our facility and were really in the final phases of that. So theres some operation taking this year the pre-tax out $40 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Volkmann - Jefferies & Co.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies & Co.: A couple of quick follow-ups; I guess Im just curious, what happened since your last forecast that you gave that led to such better margin. I guess it was all in the margin. Something must have really changed then the lens you were looking through it. In November it was kind of so far off. How did the quarter evolve?
Susan Karlix: Really in terms of the sales outlook for the year, the single biggest driver was that our order book developed pretty dramatically over the first quarter and enabled us to improve our outlook for the industry from down 10 to basically flat, plus the single biggest driver.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies & Co.: At a much different level than that; its the single digit business driver, but we also experienced a more favorable currency than we would have built into those original estimates in the quarter?
Susan Karlix: Just to remind everyone that was about the $75 million translating in transaction benefit in the first quarter.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies & Co.: My follow-up, I guess maybe this is for Jim, but whoever wants to take it. Weve talked a little bit about the lot of liquidity on the balance sheet. Youre obviously continuing to generate a lot of cash. At some point, some of that cash I guess becomes available for things like share repurchases or dividends or even acquisitions, but I think you have said that you wanted to kind of wait and see how things evolve in the financial markets. Has there been any evolution over the last few months?
Jim Field: I would say, first of all you are right on; thats what we said and lets say we have this well articulated use of cash policy and one of the uses of cash that we talked about also is making sure our pension plans are fully funded. So we did increase funding to the pension plans by about $250 million in terms of the forecast. In terms of how we view the world, I think still were on relatively fragile foundation. On the fourth quarter of 09, we were all shocked by the whole situation and what the implications of that may have been for the capital marks and of course then we moved into the first quarter and get them to resolve their own issues.  Having said that, we had about a month target as pre-funding at the end of 09 and we will be coming off that, moving more into the six to nine month range by the end of this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: In the last conference call in November, you talked about the Construction & Forestry thing would be up 18%. In factory sales with the retail sales down 5% to 10%, and you basically made the same forecast this time, except saying that the factory sales would approximate be up 21%, and the retail sales down again 5% to 10%. So that is primarily due to a low inventory reduction year-over-year, maybe a flat inventory versus a huge inventory reduction last year at the dealer level.  Now, can we then take that concept and talk about the Ag business? Whats happening at the dealer level in Ag inventory and maybe you already mentioned this, but I didnt hear it. How much of the change in sales of Ag equipment might be due to less inventory reduction at dealer level than last year?
Susan Karlix: We arent expecting any reduction in inventory in the Ag business year-over-year. In fact at the dealer level we will probably, at least our forecast has receivables in inventories up about $415 million with our guidance at year end, and most of that will be in Ag receivables and simply be because well have a little bit more in the pipeline than we did.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: No, how much of your factory sales change is due to low inventory reduction than last year?
Susan Karlix: Theres no inventory reduction.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: I know that, you said that, but whats the difference between this year and last year, in the deal inventory reduction?
Jim Field: We have to look at how much we reduced the receivables by
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: This is inventory, not receivables?
Jim Field: Receivable is the best indication of whats going on with the field inventory.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: I am trying to determine how much of your change in your production forecast for the year is due to low inventory reduction at the dealer level than the year before?
Susan Karlix: Alex, I dont have that with me. I would be happy to call you back afterwards and we will get your question addressed.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso - ISI.
David Raso - ISI: My question relates to your Ag & Turf outlook, what you reported for the first quarter and what you think for the full year implies the next three quarters. The rest of the year your Ag & Turf sales are up nearly 8%, but your operating profit margins are down 60 bips year-over-year, and it looks like what youre implying about cost is generally neutral the rest of the year.  On a year-over-year basis, pricing for the whole company is up about $220 million for the rest of the year. We have to assume a lot of that is Ag, not construction? What am I missing; why your margins would be down the rest of the year, year-over-year?
Susan Karlix: The increase in R&D which was up seven in the first quarter is up 12. Higher SA&G, which was basically, I think it was up by 1% in the quarter and our guidance has been up for the full year. SA&G for the year up 8%, so basically thats all backend loaded.
David Raso - ISI: That would be powerful enough to offset obviously the mix. It sounds like its improving.
Susan Karlix: It is neutral.
David Raso - ISI: Price versus cost sounds like its almost 100 bips to 150 bips year-over-year, and improvement in the rest of the year as well.
Susan Karlix: Remember, the Ag division will eat about $300 million more of pensions, some of that is close to SA&G, about 60% of that increase actually goes into cost of sales. So it wouldnt be picking up in SA&G and there is nothing else. Its very plain and straightforward, those are the items of that additional.
David Raso - ISI: I guess related then is the pricing on the products, in backlog in order booked, obviously theres been no change since price in that last fall generally speaking, right. So if Im getting better or large equipment, which is where you got the pricing, at least you tried to get the pricing.  We think its coming through with the order of books the way it is. Again, Im a little bit surprised that you would think that the offsets from SG&A and so forth would actually give you down margins, when Waterloo Harvester works.
Susan Karlix: We increased our guidance for the overall Ag division. Our previous guidance has been similar to what weve done last year and now were seeing about 10%. So its a bit where I think it come into the bottom line there.
David Raso - ISI:  Q2, over the big end of the day, the rest of the year sales are implied up 7.8% for Ag & Turf, while your margins are 10:1 and you did 10:7 the last three quarters of last year.
Susan Karlix: While we didnt have the pension in the R&D, its as simple as that David.
Operator: Your next question comes from Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: I just want to follow up on David Rasos question. If as he forecasted the 16 bip declined in operating margin against the 7.8% increase in sales. When I look at the SA&G guidance for last year versus fiscal 10 previously, the only real change in variable compensation is now seen up there, whereas it was completely absent from all your forecast. So wasnt variable compensation a major reason why Ag & Turf didnt get any margin lift on the additional volume as well.
Susan Karlix: That would be a factor, but thats really in the SA&G and then theres no certain cost of sales as well, but the other thing is that it is somewhat of a timing our SA&G came in last year a little more uniformly than what we are currently projecting this year. Again, we were basic almost flat in the first quarter, and yet youre looking for again over the course of the year. So youre going to have a bigger increase year-over-year in quarters two through four.
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, but even though you had a plus four prior forecast for FX, now its plus two, so what you picked up there was 200 bips, but your variable comp went from zero to plus three, which more
Susan Karlix: So the company in a whole, its about $100 million.
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: Where does it lie in Ag & Turf; I mean whats their tag since theyre obviously doing better than anybody else.
Susan Karlix: They get the bulk of it and some of it goes into cost of sales and some of it goes into SA&G and there is a little bit R&D, but basically flat.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research:  I just wondered if you could spend a minute to break apart the construction in the forestry and talk about the different trends in those different end markets.
Susan Karlix: Id be happy too. Actually forestry accounts for the improvement in the construction and forestry outlook. We originally said our sales would be up 18 hours, end up 21, and really is because we are starting to see a better ordering activity, for principally its coming out of Europe, but now were talking about extremely low levels.  Really in forestry across the globe last year, youre starting to see a little bit of improvement. On the construction side there were actually no changes from our previous forecasts, so all of the incremental change occurred on the forestry side.
Joel Tiss - Buckingham Research: The sources of strengthen in the farmer purchasing, is that all is pre-buy related or is there something else it seems?
Marie Ziegler: Yes anecdotally, Ive actually looked through the comments, even theyre talked about good farm income, theyre talking about the need to maintain their normal trading cycles. We hypothesize in fact that maybe some of the very difficult conditions planting in the last two springs and then of course what happened this fall with very late harvest may also be supporting that. We also know that low interest rates are very supportive to farmers purchasing decisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Marie, you alluded to customer benefits from the new tier farm OEM products. Can you talk about what kind of fuel efficiency gains youre targeting and any other cost saving features that youre highlighting customers?
Marie Ziegler: We havent rolled those out yet to our customers and our practice is not to run ahead of what weve talked about with our dealers and customers, so stay tuned.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Timing of their rollout to customers?
Marie Ziegler: Well, engine combined state starts in January of 2011 and then therell be a rolling product license from there, but I dont have any specific announcements on when well be talking about products.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Marie can you step us through what part of your cost structure was lower than you expected in the first quarter. I understand the point about increasing production in balance of the year, but your production in the first quarter was mostly inline with what youre looking for and it looks like margins were about, call it 300 to 500 points higher than you anticipated in your guidance last quarter. Was it higher plan efficiency levels, your credit gains from the Ag & Turf combination; can you give us some more color on the drivers front?
Marie Ziegler: Just to refresh your memory, actually we dont have guidance by quarter anymore. So youre probably looking at compared to other modeling, but we would not have uttered any comments about what we thought our income will be in the first quarter.  That said, if you look at year-over-year, the mix I think on which we were thinking would be a bit of a drag for us on the Ag operations, it actually was a positive in the quarter. Were telling you for the full year its neutral, but actually it was about a point positive in the quarter in margins year-over-year. So that would have been an improvement.  Material costs came in maybe a little stronger than expected and then the currency which had not been in the forecast, and thats about a $75 million operating benefit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Weber - RBC.
Seth Weber - RBC: Can you just talk about your confidence in the supply chain to meet your ways production and do you see any potential bottlenecks out there?
Marie Ziegler: We have worked for a long time very closely with our suppliers and I think our execution in the difficult markets if you go all way back to 2004, certainly as we were ramping up in late 2007, 2008 sort of speaks for itself.  Well do quarterly calls with our suppliers, were working with them to make sure that they have bottlenecks, where we are working through those processes with them in the near term. We can maybe adjust some production to get things in early, like depending to help accommodate their production at this time, and we just checked with our supply management first again, we dont see any bottlenecks.
Seth Weber - RBC: Just a quick separate follow-up, the double-digit increase in Western Europe combined sales, retail sales in January, is there any color behind that?
Marie Ziegler: Its of essential low base, there is no color. I think its just a question of timing of some deliveries that youre talking a handful of units.
Seth Weber - RBC: So we shouldnt read anything into that?
Marie Ziegler: No, our guidance is still that market is down and Western Europe 10% to 15% and nothing unfortunately we saw on the first quarter which has shaken that outlook.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: I have a question on the South American outlook, just using Brazil as a proxy for overall South America, which probably is part of the answer of the question, but it looks like unit shipments for the first three months of your fiscal year are up 35% for tractors and 70% for combines.  The implication of even the top end of the guidance, 15% for the market for the year actually means Combines would have to be down for the final nine months of the year, and tractors would be up kind of a high single digit. So should we think about your South American outlook being conservative or is there something in the latter part of the year that youre expecting?.
Susan Karlix: I guess two things, one is South American outlook is influenced by conditions in other market and although we see Argentina coming back, its coming back since pretty low levels and you have various circumstances in other markets, so thats one factor.  The other thing is that programs at the end of June, our forecast anticipates that they will be renewed, but probably not renewed at the same level right now at 4.5% financing since we dont know. I think a little more cautious; in particular it is the fourth quarter.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: So even with an election coming up in October down there, do you think they would have a less attractive rate starting in July?
Susan Karlix: I think we are probably being prudent and I dont think we will wait and see what the government says.
Jim Field: Thats what our forecast contemplates.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Just to follow-up with that contemplated less attractive rate, do you expect that drives the market down to sort of a flattish outlook in the second half? I mean like real strong first half?
Susan Karlix: I wouldnt be at that prescriptive in terms of how it worked out.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Some of the steam goes out of the situation is what you are contemplating?
Susan Karlix: Correct.
Operator: Your final question comes from Daniel Dowd - Bernstein.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Let me ask first about the facility in Russia. You said it is continuing on plan. I guess my question is even if the credit issues in Russia and Eastern Europe dont really start to ease in the next six months, when that facility starts to operate are you going to have to stock the dealers or are those dealers actually already stocked and theres not really demand for tractors out of those facilities until retail demand actually picks up?
Susan Karlix: So, it would probably depend by product. First of all, that we are talking about getting this, we are going full steam. This facility will be open in the spring. You are going to miss part of the season. So this gives us a time to ramp up. So were not looking for high levels of sales candidly as we start to ramp up. Were going to do one product and make sure, and financing is showing some signs of easing in Russia. It is much more difficult in other countries, but interest rates have comedown, and so there are a few glimmers. Now were talking at the margin. So dont get too excited, but there are some signs here. Our dealers do have some products on that for the liquidity crisis. So theres some product in country to help facilitate activity in this period of transition if you will.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: Let me make sure I am clear and this is still my first question. The way to think about this is theres some dealer restocking in the first half of 2010, probably creating positive year-on-year comps, but the real gain is recovery in 2011 assuming their credit crisis continues to ease?
Susan Karlix: Thats a fair statement.
Daniel Dowd - Bernstein: One last quick one, in your fiscal Q1 in the Construction & Forestry business, did you produce to retail demand or did you under produce retail demand in that quarter?
Susan Karlix: In the first quarter, we would have been produced to retail demand. Thank you very much. As usual we will be able to answer any follow-up questions you may have after the call. Have a good day everyone. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-11-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  James Field  CFO Marie Ziegler  VP IR Susan Karlix  Manager, Investor Communications 
Analysts:  Steve Volkmann - Jefferies & Co. Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley David Raso - ISI Group Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo  Henry Kirn - UBS  Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets  Andrew Obin - BAS - ML 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Deeres fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Marie Ziegler, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Marie Ziegler: Good morning. Also on todays call are James Field, Chief Financial Officer, Susan Karlix and Justin [Merrivac] from the Deere Investor Relations staff. Today we will take a closer look at Deeres fourth quarter earnings and then spend some time talking about our markets and provide our first look at how things may shape up in 2010. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com.  First though a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call.  This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans, and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements.  Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. The call and accompanying materials are not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any of the companys securities.  This call will also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, otherwise referred to as GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports, under other financial information and under conference call information slides.  Call participants should consider the other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented during this call.  Now, for a closer look at our fourth quarter, here is Susan. 
Susan Karlix : Thank you Marie, John Deere today announced the completion of a solidly profitable year. We did so in the face of challenging market conditions, effecting virtually every one of the companys major businesses and major markets.  Earnings alone though tell only part of the story and the fact is 2009 was a year of significant achievements in many ways. In 2009 for example, saw the biggest single year sales decline in company history, over $5 billion. Yet our net income of just under $900 million was the eighth highest ever.  Whats more, John Deere generated a good deal of cash last year, $1.4 billion from the equipment operations. That was more than enough to cover capital expenditures and dividends, both of which continued at healthy rates. And it leads to another impressive statistic. Company and dealer inventories came down by well over a billion dollars last year. As a result these inventories in relation to sales, finished the year right where they started, at 24%.  Thats quite an accomplishment in light of the magnitude of the sales downturn. What about economic profit or [SVA], one of the primary metrics used to manage the company. SVA was obviously much lower for the year but it actually remained in positive territory for our equipment businesses.  Liquidity was another success story, in spite of the worst financial crisis in memory, the company maintained competitive access to the credit markets. We issued over $9 billion in new debt and have the cash on hand to fund virtually all the maturities coming up through 2010.  Partly as a result our customers were able to experience uninterrupted access to financing from John Deere. No doubt 2009 was one tough year but the company remained on a profitable footing, reinforced its financial position, continued to fund important projects, maintained its dividend rates, and made further progress on a number of other fronts.  Lets now look at the fourth quarter in more detail, starting with slide three. For the quarter Deere reported a net loss of $223 million, on net sales and revenues of $5.3 billion. On slide four, if you look beyond the headline numbers, and exclude the two items called out in our press release this morning, the goodwill impairment charge for John Deere Landscape and the charge for the voluntary employee separation program, net income as adjusted was $99 million or $0.23 per share for the quarter.  Slide five includes the charges for the closure of our factory in Welland, Ontario, Canada, in the fourth quarter of 2009 and for the full year. Although this number is negligible in the year over year comparisons, we are providing it for those who are tracking the Welland closure expenses.  Last year at this time we provided the fourth quarter 2008 charge for Welland, which is found in the Appendix on slide 38. Taking a look at slide six, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 30% in the fourth quarter versus fourth quarter 2008. Currency translation on net sales were positive by about one point, with about three points of positive price realizations. Both of our equipment divisions have positive price realizations in the quarter. Turning to slide seven, worldwide production tonnage was down 38% in the quarter.  This is a bit better than our fourth quarter forecast provided in August. The single biggest factor behind the improvement was the successful start up of and better than expected demand for, the new 8R Series tractors, produced at our factory in Waterloo, Iowa.  Looking at the bottom chart on this slide, worldwide production tonnage is expected to decrease about 17% in the first quarter, with the second and third quarters being approximately flat and a double-digit upturn in production tonnage in the fourth quarter.  We thought it would be helpful to provide total worldwide tonnage by quarter for fiscal 2010 so you can get a feel for how the year shapes up. Clearly it implies a difficult first quarter with improvement as the year progresses. For the full year projected production is down only about 3%.  Lets turn to the company outlook on slide eight, first quarter net sales are expected to be down about 10% compared with the first quarter of 2009. Currency translation on net sales is positive by about three points, with about two points of positive price realization.  Price realizations in each of the first three quarters of 2009 was about six points, meaning 2010 will be up against stiff comparisons. For the full year net equipment sales are forecast to be down about 1% compared with fiscal year 2009. This includes about one point of positive currency translation on net sales, and one to two points of positive price realizations. Net income for the year is forecast to be about $900 million. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with Agriculture and Turf on slide nine.  In the quarter net sales were down 26% and production tonnage was down 36%. The division had an operating loss of $24 million in the quarter, with the largest factor being lower production and the related loss absorptions.  Also having a negative impact on operating profits were charges of $365 million for goodwill impairment and voluntary employee separations. Lower raw material costs and positive price realizations helped offset these charges, all of which resulted in a reported decremental margin of about 34%.  Excluding the goodwill impairment and voluntary employee separation charges, the division delivered an 8% decremental margin on a 26% sales reduction. This is a non-GAAP financial measure, the reconciliation to GAAP is on slide 37 in the Appendix.  Finally in an extremely difficult year the division reduced receivables and inventories by approximately $900 million. Before we review the sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the Ag business in 2010, starting on slide 10. As everyone is aware, due to very cool weather and wet field conditions, this years US corn harvest is one of the slowest on record. The size and quality of the corn crops is in question. Our consultants Informa, estimates that about 250 million bushels of corn have been lost. Mold and fungus have been found in some of the harvested corn, which could affect the crops nutritional value.  Poor corn quality could mean more grain needed to deliver the proper level of nutrition. Projected commodity prices are on slide 11, where you can see we have included our first look at commodity prices for the 2010, 2011 crop year.  Strong demand, the late harvest, and the weaker dollar which help support exports, are keeping corn prices at attractive levels. For soybeans, tight stocks will keep prices relatively high in the near term. Exports from the US are expected to remain strong due to last years low South American production and robust Chinese demand. Turning to slide 12 forecast prices as you can see, are below the very high levels of last year but remain strong on a historical basis. On slide 13, US farm cash receipts are forecast to be down in 2009 but 2010 cash receipts are expected to show a slight increase. Slide 14 highlights the big changes that have taken place in US farm cash receipts over the years. As you can see, the 2009 receipts are down but remain at extremely attractive levels. As youve just seen commodity prices and cash receipts are expected to remain at good levels. Although the livestock and dairy sectors are under stress, the balance sheet and income statements of the US agriculture sector are strong. Despite positive fundamentals, farmers follow the daily news and are as concerned as anyone about the general economy.  It is one reason farmers are expected to be somewhat cautious in their purchasing decisions in the year ahead. Also keep in mind that those farm equipment purchases are driven by cash receipts in the current year and in the year immediately before. While 2010 receipts are attractive they are also an additional year removed from the record high of 2008. Putting all that together as you can see on slide 15 our outlook for industry sales of agricultural equipment in the US and Canada is down about 10% in 2010. Western Europe Ag sales are expected to be down 10% to 15% in the year mainly due to lower incomes in the key sectors of livestock, dairy and grain.  Thats one of the reasons that Western European farmer confidence is low and purchases there are being made cautiously. Another factor is rising used equipment inventories in Western Europe. Prior to the liquidity crisis, Eastern Europe including the CIS countries, were important markets for the sale of used equipment from Western Europe.  In 2009 these markets were effectively closed off. We expect sales in Central Europe and the CIS to remain under pressure as well due to weak general economic conditions and tight credit. Although the near-term outlook is somewhat bleak, we believe Russia offers enormous long-term market potential for our Ag, forestry, and construction equipment. In the Appendix on slide 43 is a picture of our new assembly and parts center in Domodedovo, Russia, where we plan to begin operations in the spring of 2010.  This strategic investment reflects Deeres confidence in the long-term potential of the Russian markets. South America sales are projected to increase 10% to 15% as parts of the region recover from last years drought. Brazil farm income is expected to receive support from attractive prices for sugarcane and soybeans, which are main drivers of Ag machinery purchases in that country.  The forecast assumes the Brazilian currency does not appreciate further against the US dollar. It also assumes that producers continue receiving help from government supported financing and that Federal and State programs remain in effect for the purchase of small tractors.  Turning to another product category, we expect retail sales of Turf equipment and compact utility tractors in the US and Canada to be flat for the year, after a sharp drop in 2009. Deere sales for worldwide Ag and Turf are projected to be down about 4% in the year.  Currency translation on net sales is projected to be positive, about two points. Product mix referring to the sales of different categories of equipment, is key to understanding the 2010 outlook. Slide 39 in the Appendix illustrates the approximate breakdown of sales by equipment category in 2009. Sales of large Ag products such as large tractors, combines, and sprayers, account for nearly half of the divisions sales absorb a lot of overhead. In 2010 sales of large Ag products will be down almost 10%. This will have a negative impact on margins, mix will cost the division about one point of operating margin for its full year 2010. In the first quarter lower absorption will cost about two points of margin reflecting the significant drop in production tonnage. It will also offset the amount charged for goodwill impairment and voluntary employee separation in 2009 and the savings from lower material cost. In addition about $300 million of the increase in pension and OPEB expense will be charged to Ag and Turf. Finally the division will see higher R&D expense primarily for [interim Tier 1], the regulatory engine emission standards in the US and Europe. Bottom line is, the divisions margins are forecast to remain similar to those in 2009. Lets focus now on construction and forestry on slide 17, with continuing weak markets in the US and abroad, net sales were down 47% in the quarter. Production tonnage was down 50%.  Even under these conditions the division had operating profit of $2 million again this quarter. C&F demonstrated commitment to it [trough] management plan, through tight expense control. The result was a decremental margin of 15%, which is quite respectable considering the state of the construction and forestry markets.  Although production levels and sales have been extremely low, C&F has continued to aggressively manage inventories helping to support positive price realization in the quarter and the year. At the end of October Deere construction dealers in the US and Canada were carrying less than half as much inventory as the rest of the industry, based on percent of days on hand.  This further highlights the success of our efforts to align production with demand and sets the stage for our 2010 outlook. On slide 18 construction and forestry sales are expected to be up about 18% in 2010 from the very low levels of 2009.  The focus on inventory management the last few years, will now enable us to produce near retail demand. Construction and forestry production tonnage is expected to be up by double-digits in the last three quarters of the year which is quite a change after being down 50% in 2009. Turning to forestry, we expect a bit of a recovery as a result of improving global economic conditions, better pulp prices and low field inventories. Again, this is in comparison with the very low levels of 2009.  Although the division will benefit from these positive, they will be offset with a higher charge of about $100 million of the increase in pension and OPEB expense, and by higher R&D expenses, primarily for [inaudible] Tier 4. As a result the C&F divisions operating margins are expected to be similar to 2009. On the construction side as you can see from the chart, US economic indicators for 2010 indicate the retail market will remain weak. Lets move now to our credit operations, traditionally at this time we present only the worldwide credit operations.  Today though we will discuss the worldwide credit operations and John Deere Capital Corporation. To keep it simple, the Capital Corporation primarily finances the US, European, and Australian portfolios and issues publically traded debt.  The worldwide credit operations include John Deere Capital Corporation, as well as credit companies in Canada, Brazil, Finland, and also includes John Deere renewables. Slide 19 shows the worldwide credit operation provision for credit losses as a percent of the total average portfolio. The 0.89% reflects higher losses and an increase in the allowance for credit losses. On slide 20 still in the worldwide credit operations, past dues representing customer payments 60 days past due and full year write-offs for Ag and Turf retail notes, which represent more than half of the total portfolio are still extremely low.  Performance like this is testimony to the high quality of the notes in the portfolio. What you see in the C&F and revolving charge portfolios is a reflection of current economic conditions. Slide 21 breaks down the owned portfolio at 31 October 2009, by market for the worldwide credit operations.  Moving to slide 22 the worldwide credit operations had a net loss of $22 million in the quarter versus net income of $67 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. We will discuss the two biggest factors accounting for this loss.  First is a $57 million reversal of the wind energy investment tax credits that were taken in the second and third quarters of 2009. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 included two new incentive options available on qualifying renewable energy projects.  The election to claim the investment tax credit in lieu of the production tax credit, or the option to elect a government cash grant in lieu of the investment tax credit. The application and administration guidelines for cash grants were not available until the summer of 2009.  After evaluating these two incentive options, the company determined the use of cash grants allows for more operational flexibility then investment tax credits, with about the same economic returns. However, the accounting is different on each option.  Tax credits are recognized immediately in income, while cash grants are recognized as income over the life of the project. In summary, the election of the cash grant in lieu of investment tax credit had a $45 million impact on the tax provision in the fourth quarter for the worldwide credit operations.  The second item was a $25 million charge after tax for higher write-offs and an increase to the allowance for credit losses. In 2009 the higher provision brought the year-end allowance as a percent of the total portfolio to 116 basis points versus 86 basis points in 2008. Looking ahead we are projecting net income of about $240 million for the worldwide credit operations in 2010. The forecast assumes the provision for credit loss rate in dollar terms stabilizes at near 2009 levels.  Now were going to shift gears and look at John Deere Capital Corporations results for the quarter on slide 23. Importantly the Capital Corporation had net income of $21 million in the quarter versus net income of $58 million in the fourth quarter of 2008.  Among other things, this reflects the higher write-offs in the C&F and revolving charge portfolios as we just saw. Slide 24 provides detail on John Deere Capital Corporations portfolio, 60 days past due and write-offs as a percent of the portfolio.  Now lets turn our focus back to the equipment operations and take a look at receivables and inventory on slide 25. For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories were down nearly $1.3 billion for the year as we aligned production and inventories with retail demand.  We anticipate receivables and inventories to be roughly flat in 2010. Now lets discuss the latest on retail sales, slide 26 presents the product category details for the month of October expressed in units.  Utility tractor industry sales were down 35%. Deere was down double-digits, but less than the industry. Crow crop tractor industry sales were down 22% and Deere was down slightly less than the industry. Four-wheel driver tractors industry sales were down 6%, Deere was up a single-digit.  Combine industry sales were up 6%, Deere was down double-digits. If you look at the bottom chart for row-crop tractors, Deere ended October with inventories at 23% of trailing 12-month sales, up from unsustainably low 11% at the end of 2008. Combine inventories were at 2% of sales.  Turning to slide 27 in Western Europe sales of John Deere tractors were down double-digits and combines were up a single-digit in October. Deeres retail sales for selected turf and utility equipment in the US and Canada were down double-digits in the month, while construction and forestry sales in the US and Canada on both the first-in-the dirt and settlement basis were down double-digits for the month.  Slide 28 shows raw material and logistics costs were down $235 million in the quarter versus the implied guidance of down about $150 million. We ended fiscal 2009 with a year over year increase in raw materials and logistics costs of $215 million. Looking ahead to 2010, we expect material costs decreases of approximately $150 to $200 million for the year, all Ag and Turf. The financial forecast incorporates all the decrease in the first half of the fiscal year and assumes that things will be flat for the second half. Now lets take a look at a few housekeeping items, looking at R&D expense on slide 29, R&D decreased 4% in the fourth quarter but was up 4% for the year.  R&D expense is expected to be up about 11% in fiscal 2010. The bulk of the increase is accounted for by interim Tier 4 emission spending. Moving now to slide 30, the 2010 forecast calls for an increase of about $400 million in pension and OPEB expense primarily due to a change in the discount rate.  As you can see on this slide, of the $400 million change about $325 million will hit cost of sales, leaving about $75 million in SA&G. As mentioned earlier Ag and Turf has responsibility for about $300 million of the additional expense while the increase for C&F will be about $100 million.  Approximately $125 million of the increase is expected to occur in the first quarter. On slide 31 equipment operations SA&G expense was down about 2% in the quarter. Lower variable incentive compensation accounted for about three points of the reduction but currency had an unfavorable impact of about one point.  In 2010 we project SA&G to be up about six points. Currency will account for about four points of the change and pension and OPEB adds another three points. Moving to the tax rate on slide 32, the fourth quarter and full year tax rate look odd because most of the goodwill impairment is non-deductible.  For 2010 the full year effective tax rate is expected to be about 35%. One important observation about 2009, turning to slide 33, is the strong cash flow we have continued to experience from our equipment operations, even in some tough market conditions. This reflects in large part our success managing assets and controlling working capital levels. As you can see we anticipate very strong cash flow from operations in 2010, which is further testament to the success of the SVA model.  On slide 34 capital expenditures, primarily driven by interim Tier 4 spending were $788 million for the equipment operations in 2009. Depreciation and amortization was $516 million and we contributed $358 million to pension and OPEB.  Financial services capital expenditures primarily reflecting wind projects, were $119 million. Finally slide 35 highlights the forecast number for fiscal 2010. Capital expenditures are expected to be between $850 and $900 million primarily driven by interim Tier 4.  Depreciation and amortization is projected to be about $550 million. Our forecast currently includes about $400 million pension and OPEB contributions in the year. And capital spending for financial services is forecast around $200 million in 2010 primarily for wind projects.  In closing, John Deere has wrapped up a solid year in a difficult market environment. Looking ahead were forecasting a performance along similar lines in 2010. The first quarter of 2010 will hold its share of challenge as we keep a tight rein on production and run our factories at low levels.  Production will pick up some later in the year but remember the conditions overall are expected to remain fairly restrained. As we position our operations to keep pace with customer demand however, well be setting the stage to fully capitalize on any future upturn in our markets.  And well be making further preparation for a promising future based on the worlds prospect for population and economic growth over time. The global economic slump has taken a toll on the financial results of many companies, including John Deere.  But the recession has not changed the fact that the worlds population still needs food to eat, clothes to wear, shelter to live in, and infrastructure to support its lifestyles and it hasnt changed our belief that no other company is in a better position to respond to these needs, day in and day out, than John Deere. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you Susan, we are now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steve Volkmann - Jefferies & Co.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies & Co.: I was hoping we could talk a little bit about cash in 2010 and Ill put my question and follow-up together, should we be expecting I guess working capital to start to become a use as things stabilize here and you rebuild a little bit and give us your thoughts with respect to that. And then obviously you have basically no net debt on the equipment balance sheet here, whats your thinking with respect to how much cash you need to keep on the balance sheet as we go through 2010.
Susan Karlix : Let me start with working capital, our forecast currently has trade receivables and inventories for the enterprise, that includes the equipment operations piece that is funded by Capital Corp. staying about flat in 2010 so I wouldnt expect a big change.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies & Co.: Flat in dollar terms.
Susan Karlix : Yes, in absolute dollar terms. Regarding the second portion of your question, I think well turn it over to James.
James Field : I think as weve said before that weve decided in this environment to maintain a relatively conservative financial position with a sufficient amount of liquidity given the choppy nature of what we saw over the last year and I think you can anticipate that we will continue with that posture throughout 2010.
Steve Volkmann - Jefferies & Co.: But youve also said that over time you would expect to draw down that liquidity as market conditions allowed and I guess what youre saying is that you see no signs that theyre allowing that so far. 
James Field : Were not ready to say that weve seen the signs that we would draw down some of that liquidity. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Just one quick clean up question, I thought you were separation charges were going to be about $85 million in 4Q, it was $47. Are those going to come back later, what was the reason for the forecast versus the actual. 
Susan Karlix : I think maybe weve got pre-tax or full year or something mixed in here. The separation for the full year is, on an after-tax basis, is about, its exactly $57.6 million in the quarter, $47.6 and then on a pre-tax basis the voluntary separation in the quarter is $76 million and $91 million for the full year. 
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: So pre-tax in the quarter it was $76, I think you [inaudible] $85 so I thought thats a big gap. Okay, second question would be and this is just a bigger question, when youre talking to farmers especially in the US and Canada, are you hearing caution because they dont know how theyre going to end up the year or are you hearing, we just flat dont want to buy or are you hearing, we dont know yet because we havent finished and then as a second part of that, are you seeing a big split between tractors and combines, combines have been stronger this year. 
Marie Ziegler : Well actually as I think as Susan alluded to earlier, Im sure youre all aware the harvest has been running very late so weve seen our farm customers very much focused on trying to get that crop in. Interestingly in the month of October we saw a big decline in our used combine inventories that our dealers are financing as customers were getting additional equipment to help support their requirements in the harvest.  As we moved out of October and into November we have seen actually a pick up in the pace of retail activity and it actually influenced our outlook a bit so were maybe a little more positive then we would have been a few weeks ago. So we have seen some better than expected retail activity.  I cant really differentiate between the combines and the tractors in terms of retail activity in part because the combines have an early order program on them as is our custom and tractors dont. I wouldnt know that theres any dramatic difference.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: And my last one, used equipment prices. 
Marie Ziegler : Used equipment prices in the United States are down, Im speaking on the Ag side, are down 7% to 10% from the very high levels of a year ago. We continue to see very good levels of turns in both tractors and combines. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso - ISI Group
David Raso - ISI Group:  My question is about price versus cost, the spread youre forecasting for 2010 using the mid point, is about $486 million. That more than offsets the post retirement increase. But given the comment you just made on used equipment pricing, Im just trying to think through what percent of your raw material cost component cost for 2010 do you already feel you have locked in, hedged, however you want to describe it, that makes you feel comfortable raw materials will be down year over year. As well, maybe what percent of your sales for 2010 already in backlog with a pretty set selling price. 
Marie Ziegler : Regarding the selling price, we, after the events of 2008 I think youre aware, that we changed the way we lock our customers in, and that is we dont lock the price until we actually provide the shipping, we lock in on an availability date and until that time, there is a possibility of up to another 4% of price increase.  And then obviously the customer would have the ability to make another decision at that point. Regarding our hedging, as you well know, there is no ability in the steel markets, for example to go out, no practical ability, to do hedging. We have used various contracting strategies with our steel vendors and actually with many vendors, some of which involve indexing so you have the ability to take advantage of moves up and down.  But we actually do use a variety of techniques and maybe Ill just conclude by saying that there is a lag affect on this, you certainly saw it very pronounced in 2008 and 2009 and for us in round numbers about a six month lag up and down. The bulk of our production as you know, we really start to ramp up in the latter part of the first quarter, heavy production typically in a typical year in the second quarter and then as you move into the end of the third quarter were starting to ramp down a bit. You can assume that were probably contracting for material in a few months ahead of that.  So again, that kind of gives that plus the index probably gives rise to the six-month lag. 
David Raso - ISI Group: But what Im trying to figure, in the channel you hear about the 4% combine increase, the 3% on the tractors, 5% plus on the new 8000, but youre already starting to hear about some discounting on the sevens, some on the sixs and so forth and Im just trying to, obviously the 1% to 2% price increase, if maybe you can split it between Ag and construction, that might be of some help. Because it looks like the initial Ag increases are above that, theres already some discounting. 
Marie Ziegler : The initial Ag increases are on average the price increase is about 3%. And we have not published anything to our dealers on the construction side, but we have told them in dealer meetings that they should look for things that are flattish and that really explains the price increase. The other thing is as youre quoting some of those price increases, remember that when we do our price calculation, we strip out any kind of feature upgrade. And so, and we re-class that into volume, so when youre hearing a list price quote on say the new AR tractors which is in the 4% to 6% range, some of that is going to be re-classed into volume because it reflects higher horsepower, new features in the cab and things like that. 
James Field : I would also add to that that those prices that youre talking about is pricing in the North American market. And so we had some very different dynamics in other parts of the world as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Good morning and Happy Turkey, I have two clarifications I want to make sure, on slide 34 and 35 you show pension OPEB contributions $358 in 2009 and $400 million in 2010, thats different from the incremental $400 million that will hit the P&L statement that youre talking about, correct. 
Marie Ziegler : Thats a very good question, one is the cash number, thats actual funding. The $400 million that one, when we talk about the income charge, thats an accrual expense. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: And so is the incremental $400 million hitting the P&L but thats not the cash impact. 
Marie Ziegler :  Its just coincident that theyre the same number. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Thats why I just wanted to make sure. And the other one is a clarification, you said margins effectively in fiscal 2010 in both divisions are going to be similar to 2009, is that adjusted margins or as reported margins. 
Marie Ziegler : As reported. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Now didnt construction equipment lose money for the year. 
Marie Ziegler : Thats correct.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: And are you forecasting that its going to lose money for the year in 2010. 
Marie Ziegler : That is exactly what that would imply. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: I just wanted to make sure that I didnt
Marie Ziegler : Basically although, and again I applaud their performance given the extremely difficult market conditions theyre in, they do benefit from some increase in production tonnage but basically theyre $100 million higher pension and OPEB eats most of that. Theres a little bit more R&D as Susan talked about earlier. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: And then a question, two-part, in your statement 2011, you gave 2011 prices or preliminary prices for the Ag market, the implication if I drew it correctly, that farm cash receipts in 2011 youre assuming will be relatively flat to down, and the second part of the question, with new management and congratulations everyone
Marie Ziegler : Youre going way over the number of questions, so lets stop with the cash receipts question, we do not yet have our forecast for 2011 cash receipts, I think we specifically provide that I cant remember if its February or May when we forecast that. So I dont know because remember that as we look at cash receipts it is a function of quantity and price.  So at this point were not prepared to, simply dont have the details to provide you with any more comments on 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Im hoping just to start out, you can talk about the extent to which revenues by segment trailed dealer retail sales this year and what youre assuming there for the contribution from the catch up in 2010. 
Marie Ziegler :  Well if you look at the, I wouldnt have a better way to describe it then to tell you look at the change in receivables and inventories as probably the best way to characterize it. Did I not understand what youre looking for?
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Well I was talking more from a revenue standpoint, how much your revenues trailed your dealer retail sales. 
Marie Ziegler : I dont, our dealer retails would have been down Im sure a little bit less then what our own revenues were because again we, Im not sure. 
James Field : Id say, that probably the easiest way to look at that is look at the change in the receivables, thats the difference between what weve shipped and really whats going on in the retail marketplace for sort of a gross approximation of that difference. 
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: And thanks for giving the color on the large Ag versus the small Ag, when you talked about the down 10%, I mean were you talking about production down 10% or were you talking about revenues down 10% and then as we net out price etc., how should we think about what volumes are down in that business for 2010.
Marie Ziegler : That would have been a, its a proxy, that down 10% is the sales, its a proxy because our inventories again and receivables outlook is flat, were thinking that our sales will be, so its kind of this time its both the same. 
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital:  And then maybe if you can just kind of follow along those lines around the large Ag give us an update on how your order book is trending. 
Marie Ziegler : Okay, and then were also over on the number of questions, actually going forward I am going to ask that all analysts do respect the one plus one because we have several people in queue and we need to make sure we get through them.  In terms of the order book, the combine order activity, were about 75% covered for model year 2010. As I mentioned earlier wed actually seen retail activity jump so weve seen a pretty good increase in that over the last few weeks.  In terms of the effective availability date for 8Rs it would be April and its the same for our 9000 Series tractors. This is, last year for 8Rs, well it would have been the 8030s then, the effective availability would have been July, but remember that at this point last year we still had the expectation that we were going to send a lot of product into Russia and we were not. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan - JPMorgan
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: Talking about Russia, could you comment on when we were over at Agri Technic, there was a lot of talk about the Russian government considering a bill that would effectively mean that even if a company was assembling in Russia they would have to use 90% local components. Can you comment on what youre hearing on that, this came from the BDMA. And then would that cause you to maybe postpone or slow down your investment in Russia. 
Marie Ziegler : I think that it would be fair to say that we are working very closely with Russian government to make sure that we understand any rules that are being proposed. Our investment in Russia is limited. Were going into a leased facility and basically its, the lease and the tooling combined are about a $50 million investment so we have quite a bit of flexibility. And I think Im going to stop at that. If you are thinking about the risks in terms of the 2010 forecast from any impact in Russia, bear in mind that we said all along that we would start production in the spring of 2010 and we are online for that. But were going to do one model, get it right. Go to a second model, so the bottom line is there is not a lot of production and sales activity effectively that occur over the course of the year because we will be very much in the ramp up mode. 
Ann Duignan - JPMorgan: And my follow-up then is on Western Europe, how much confidence do you have in the down 10% to 15%, just given the lack of visibility in that region right now and how bad things are currently in the Ag equipment market. 
Marie Ziegler : I would agree with you that there is a lot of concern, there are a few glimmers of positive things happening with dairy. The prices have stabilized to the point that weve seen, they are not slaughtering their herds and so youve seen some stabilization of profitability so that their break-even, maybe a little bit better.  One of the factors at play is certainly lower levels of income, again we think that as people take a look at their income positions over the course of the year, benefiting from some of the lower input costs, you might see a little bit of improvement as you move through the year there.  On the other hand we would tell you that, and weve talked about this before, used equipment, there is very, very little used equipment in Western Europe, really up until the liquidity crisis in the world. That affected the ability for used equipment in Western Europe to move East and it went all the way into Russia. That has had a pretty pronounced affect. I think over time on values, were not at a crisis stage by any means on used equipment in Western Europe but that does, we did very much temper our outlook for the market and take that into consideration.
James Field : You know in terms of how confident we are that is our forecast but Id offer a couple other points. Thats on top of course the pretty significant decrease this year that we saw in that Western European market. The second point is, I would tell you that our folks that are in the Western European theater have been pretty good in their feel for the market and we called the softness and basically were pretty accurate with our projections in 2009 in this marketplace.  So I think the team there is very close to the market and of course it always is a forecast but we think its a very reasonable forecast. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Two quick follow-up questions, when we think about the pension expense I think you mentioned Q1 we were going to have $125, the remaining three quarters, do we split it about evenly or how are you thinking about that and
Marie Ziegler : It would be about $100, $100 and the $75 and thats very round numbers. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: And then I guess just my last follow-up question, just back to Elis question on construction and forestry, I know we have to add back the $100 million or so on pension, but thats still, given your sales increase I thought you would do a little better than just slightly break-even or so, Im just trying to, R&D, is there anything else that Im missing there. That still seemed a little disappointing relative to what I thought even if I adjust for pension. 
Marie Ziegler : When we talk about being up 18%, you are [off] and incredibly low base. So your not, its not like youre adding production as the sweet spot of the cycle and I think thats what you all need to bear in mind. Youre off a very, very low base. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo 
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo : Just returning to the outlook, trying to understand the quarterly progression in the tonnage, is that all related to very weak comparisons this year and then the 8000 Series start up or are you expecting some of this November trend that you highlighted earlier to continue. 
Marie Ziegler : I think it has frankly more to do with the way tonnage played out last year and the back order positions that we had then really what you can read into the market for this year. If youll recall last year in the Ag division we were expecting a very good level of retail sales and frankly in many parts of the world and as events played out we still had extremely good retail sales in the early part of the year in the US and Canada.  But in redirected production that had been intended for other markets into the US and Canada. So I think that you need to bear that in mind. In construction they have been jamming on the brakes for a very long period of time and so and last year as a result of the liquidity crisis and the extreme difficulties in the US housing market, they really took their pain very early in the year and, or they went into the year, excuse me, thinking that it was going to be a little better and then took their, then jammed on the brakes even harder.  And so I think it really has to do more with the comparisons. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn - UBS 
Henry Kirn - UBS : Happy Thanksgiving, could you detail the breakdown between res and non-res demand for construction equipment as you see it today, and what are you looking for as a sign post that equipment demand could finally begin to start to improve again. 
Marie Ziegler : Were at least probably six to nine months away from a slight uptick in overall construction equipment demand in 2010. In fact we have industry retail activity this year down about 5% to 10%. We still have rental companies depleting although we think that the pace is slowing at least in our equipment sizes, but we have as you know a very cautious outlook on the non-res side.  And although the government money is flowing, this would be the Federal stimulus money and it is pretty much going as planned, you still have significant budget issues in states and local governments that is restraining the overall impact of that stimulus money and so again, we have a fairly pragmatic view of the construction markets in the US.
Henry Kirn - UBS : And as my follow-up, you highlighted the real dollar exchange rate as a risk to [inaudible] sales, could you give a little color on how youre thinking about that and what youre watching for, if the effect could go the wrong way on you.
Marie Ziegler : We dont take a view on the future direction of the real but we would note that is has been strengthening at a pretty good clip against the US dollar. And we know that farmers in Brazil sell their crops in dollars, their expenses are real based and so were keeping a close eye on that. I cant see that there is a specific trigger point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets 
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets : Just following up on the production question, the ramp through the year, at what point do you think that youll be needing to add employees back and start restaffing to meet that ramp up. 
Marie Ziegler : I would not be able to answer that question. That would not be something we would be able to do in this forum.
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets : Well maybe asked differently how much can you maybe try and handicap what percentage of your cost savings over the past year do you think are permanent versus temporary. 
Marie Ziegler : You bet, for next year we are looking at saving from the voluntary separation program, again this is 2010 in the $50 to $60 million range, thats a pre-tax number and then in 2011 and beyond about $75 million, that includes the $50 to $60 well get in 2010. We have savings from Welland in the $40 million range.  Weve got that raw materials, I just recite that because thats in the $150 to $200 million range. In our Landscapes operation they have closed 15% of their store locations. Theyve done a lot of store mergers with fertilizer and irrigation so were not really pulling out of markets but were realigning our organizational structure.  I dont remember off the top of my head the number of employees, but we have restructured those operations and we think that next year the savings from that would be in the $50 to possibly $75 million range. 
Seth Weber - RBC Capital Markets : Just a quick follow-up, can you talk about the credit situation in Brazil please. I know last quarter there was some timing issue with some of the payments coming back on line and can you just give us any color there on Brazil.
Marie Ziegler : If you look at the non-performing youll still see that it is higher in Ag and we cite, and this is in the Appendix, that like 70%, 75% of that is due to Brazil. We are working our way through the normal credit collection processes. Have collected a little bit more cash and do have some customers that are stressed, but the most important thing is that we believe that our reserves are adequate.  We are stress testing that portfolio every two months, we do a thorough customer analysis. So we feel that we are adequately provisioned. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Andrew Obin - BAS - ML
Andrew Obin - BAS - ML: Just to follow-up and I apologize if I missed it, so for construction and forestry we are explicitly guiding for margin that is very much in line with 2009 in 2010, is that, am I correct in
Marie Ziegler : Thats exactly what were saying. 
Andrew Obin - BAS - ML: And just to follow-up on that question, so taking a top down view and revenue is going to be down 1% next year, and weve taken out a lot of cost over the past couple of years, and I understand the pension issue, but if you look at pricing, if you look at tax rate, if you look at the finance side, that effects most of it. So how should I be thinking about a company, about [investable] company that has revenue decline of 1% and possibility decline of 25%. What am I missing. 
Marie Ziegler : Pension and OPEB.
Andrew Obin - BAS - ML: Not but I mean a lot of it is, you have pricing, youve taken out, youve been cutting costs. Youve done a fantastic job cutting costs in this downturn, should I just be thinking is that really pension and OPEB. 
Marie Ziegler : Its pension, OPEB and then I have to say that the mix in North American Ag is not trivial, this is a big deal. Susan gave you a number of a point of margin for the full year. Thats mix. Theres also absorption issues as we take tonnage down in North American, that is also very significant.  And that might be the missing link in understanding the outlook.  Thank you all very much for listening. We will be available today to respond to your questions and have a safe and Happy Thanksgiving those of you who will be celebrating it.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-08-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marie Ziegler - Vice President, Investor Relations Susan Carliss - IR Staff  James Field - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts: Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital Joel Tiss  Buckingham Research David Raso - ISI Group Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Henry Kirn - UBS Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Barry Bannister  Stifel Nicolaus Andrew Obi  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Welcome to the Deere third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Marie Ziegler, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Marie Ziegler:  Good morning. Also on todays call are Jim Field, our new Chief Financial Officer, as well as Susan [Carliss] and Justin [Maravic] from Deeres Investor Relations staff. Today we will take a closer look at Deeres third quarter earnings and then spend a few minutes talking about our markets and where we see things headed for the remainder of the year. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning and they can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com.   First a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call.   This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans, and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. The call and accompanying materials are not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any of the companys securities.   This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports, under other financial information. Call participants should consider other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on the call.   Now, for a closer look at the third quarter, here is Susan.  
Susan Carliss:  Thank you, Marie. All things considered, John Deeres third quarter was a good one. The company reported another solidly profitable performance at a time when overall global market conditions remained challenging. That being said, the market for large farm machinery in the U.S. and Canada has held up reasonably well to the benefit of our Ag and Turf operations. Our construction and forestry business despite a small loss showed impressive resilience in one of the worst market environments in memory. Our credit operations had good results while maintaining sound portfolio quality and access to the credit markets.  In addition, Deere continued to demonstrate sound execution and real discipline throughout the company curbing expenses, curtailing factory production and shrinking inventories and trade receivables in response to conditions in the retail marketplace.  As a result of these factors, beginning with slide three, Deere reported net income for the quarter of $420 million on third quarter net sales and revenues of $5.9 billion. On slide four, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were $5.3 billion down 25% in the quarter versus third quarter 2008. Currency translation on net sales was negative by approximately four points with about six points of positive price realization. Both divisions had positive price realization in the quarter.  Our disciplined approach to asset management has helped support pricing in some extremely tough markets. Turning to slide five, worldwide production tonnage was down 24% in the quarter reflecting continuing weak conditions in many of our markets and our focus on managing inventories and trade receivables. Worldwide production tonnage is expected to decrease about 43% in the fourth quarter of 2009 and be down about 22% for the full year.  As you will note on slide five, we have provided fourth quarter tonnage by division and region due to the magnitude of the projected decreases. In absolute terms, we havent seen such a low level of tonnage produced since the fourth quarter of 2002. The fourth quarter reductions in tonnage will allow us to keep inventories in line with retail markets and provides the necessary flexibility to rapidly respond to customer requirements when the markets recover.  Lets turn to the company outlook on slide six. Fourth quarter net sales are expected to be down about 34% compared with the fourth quarter 2008. Currency translation on net sales is negative by about a point with about three points of positive price realization. The three points of price realization is against a very tough comparison. In the fourth quarter 2008 we reported about three points for the company worldwide and even more for U.S. and Canada Ag and Turf as a result of some interim price increases.  For the full year net equipment sales are now forecasted to be down about 21% compared with fiscal year 2008. This includes about four points of negative currency translation on net sales and about five points of positive price realization. The change in price realization since our last forecast is accounted for by lower price realization in landscape, now a part of the Ag and Turf division as fertilizer prices have declined in the range of 50% and market conditions in construction and forestry.  Net income for the year is forecast to be about $1.1 billion unchanged from our previous forecast despite lowering our sales guidance by three points excluding currency or approximately $775 million. Our net income guidance implies break even performance in the fourth quarter which will see expensive production cut backs as well as some reorganizational charges.  Those charges are spelled out on slide seven. They include a pre-tax charge of about $100 million related to the Ag and Turf combination. This reflects the approximately 800 salaried employees who elected to participate in the voluntary separation program. The charge in the fourth quarter is about $85 million. Also included for the full year is a pre-tax charge of about $44 million associated with the closure of our Welland, Ontario, Canada facility.  The fourth quarter charge for Welland is about $27 million. Since these charges are occurring over multiple reporting periods I would like to point out the total projected pre-tax cost of the Welland closure is approximately $97 million.  Going forward, in 2010 projected annual savings due to the Ag and Turf voluntary separations are $50-60 million. In subsequent years projected savings are about $75 million. The projected savings from the factory closure in Canada is about $40 million annually beginning in 2010.  Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with agriculture and turf on slide eight. In the quarter net sales were down 21% mostly attributable to lower volume. Operating profit was $480 million down 34% for the quarter resulting in a decremental margin of about 20%. Tonnage in the quarter was down 19%. Before we review the sales outlook lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the Ag business starting on slide nine. Relative to consumption, corn and wheat stock have increased in the current marketing year but global commodity stock to use remains relatively low by historical standards. The 2009/2010 crop year should see a slight recovery in wheat and soy bean stocks while corn stocks will draw down.  Moving now to slide ten, lets take a look at commodity prices. Corn prices have moderated in recent weeks as concerns over the impact of the difficult spring planting season have abated. With corn yields expected at about 160 million bushels per harvested acre supplies are adequate, keeping prices at moderate levels.  For soy beans, tight stocks will keep prices relatively high. Exports from the U.S. are expected to remain strong due to low South American production and robust Chinese demand.  Turning to slide 11, forecast prices as you can see are below the very high levels of last year but they remain at historically very strong levels. On slide 12, U.S. farm cash receipts are forecast to be down in 2009 but 2010 U.S. farm cash receipts are expected to increase about 4% from 2009 levels.  Slide 13 highlights the stepped changes that have taken place in U.S. farm cash receipts. 2009 receipts, although down from the historically high level of 2008 are at extremely attractive levels. On slide 14, ethanol margins have improved since May being driven by lower corn prices. Even including interest, tax, depreciation and amortization margins are comfortably positive. Our forecast currently calls for ethanol to consume 4.15 billion bushels or about 33% of this years anticipated corn production.  Lets move to slide 15 where net income prospects for 2010 are improving for both Brazil and Argentina. Positive factors include above average commodity price projections, lower production costs, currency rates and a forecast for normal weather in Argentina. An El Nino weather pattern already in place should bring better weather conditions for the upcoming summer crops there.  Turning to slide 16, we have outlined the encouraging agricultural support programs put in place by the Brazilian government. China, incidentally, has also significantly increased its support of agriculture. We have included a slide in the Appendix, slide 43, summarizing its programs. Both are exciting developments and will support our growing business in those regions.  Now lets turn to slide 17 and the outlook for the agriculture and turf division. Net sales are expected to be down about 15% this year with negative currency translation of about five points. Implied in this full year guidance is an operating margin in the high single digits for the division. We expect to have A&T to have a decremental margin of about 30% for the year.  On slide 18, industry sales of Ag equipment in the U.S. and Canada are now projected to be down slightly for the year. We continue to expect Western European Ag to be down about 15% with Central Europe and the CIS countries down sharply.  Moving to South America on slide 19, the outlook for the Ag equipment industry continues to be down 20-30% in fiscal 2009. Finally, we expect industry turf equipment and contact utility tractors in the U.S. and Canada to be down about 20% for the full year.  Lets focus now on construction and forestry on slide 20. With continuing weak markets in the U.S. and abroad net sales were down 47% in the quarter. Production tonnage was down even more, 52%, leading to an operating loss of $28 million. That resulted in a decremental margin of about 22% which is pretty impressive in one of the worst construction downturns in history. Although production levels and sales were extremely low, C&F has continued to aggressively manage inventories. At the end of July Deere construction dealers in the U.S. and Canada were carrying less than half as much inventory as the rest of the industry based on percent of days on hand. This further highlights the success of our efforts to align production with demand.  On slide 21, construction and forestry markets have further deteriorated since our last forecast. We now expect construction and forestry net sales to be down about 47% in 2009. On an industry basis construction sales in the U.S. and Canada are now expected to be down 45-50% and global forestry sales to be down about 55% from last year.  On the construction side, as you can see from the chart, U.S. economic indicators for 2009 remain bleak. Among other things, government spending shows little impact from the U.S. government stimulus package. While some indicators do show some recovery beginning in 2010 note the very modest improvement in government spending. This reflects cut backs in State and local government budgets which offset the positive but slow flow of stimulus money.  Implied in the full-year guidance is a negative operating margin for C&F in the mid single digits and we expect the division to have a decremental margin in a range of 25-30% for the year.  Lets move now to our credit operations. Slide 22 shows the provision for credit losses as a percent of the total portfolio. As you can see in the footnote the current annualized percentage is about the same as we anticipated in April. On slide 23, past due and write offs in Ag and Turf, which represents a majority of the portfolio, are still extremely low. What you see in the C&F and revolving charge portfolio is reflective of current economic conditions.  The table on slide 24 illustrates the nonperforming receivables for our worldwide credit operations. Although the A&P portfolio overall continues to be in excellent health you will notice a large increase in this number year-over-year relating to a timing issue in Brazil. Much of the borrowing in Brazil is done under a government program called FINAME. Most of the annual principle payments under FINAME are due on the 15th of May. You may recall that last years payment was postponed resulting in the 2008 and 2009 payments both due on May 15th of this year.  In Brazil when a payment becomes 60 days past due we classify that receivable as nonperforming. At the end of the quarter, July 31, some of the payments due on May 15th had not yet been collected. That resulted in the 1.59% non-performing receivables in Ag and Turf. To put this in perspective, at the end of July Brazil non-performing receivables accounted for 1.25% of the total worldwide Ag and Turf portfolio and represented 0.65% of the worldwide credit operations portfolio. 80% of the customers accounting for 77% of the dollars due have paid their FINAME installments.  The credit company has recently updated its ongoing analysis of our customer base in Brazil. Although we do have some customers experiencing financial difficulty have the ability to make their payments. We are optimistic about our ability to collect the majority of the outstanding payments since customers who are behind on their payments are ineligible to receive additional FINAME funding. Additionally, we continue to believe that we are adequately reserved for potential credit losses. As further evidence of the excellent condition of the Ag and Turf portfolio slide 25 shows nonperforming receivables for John Deere Capital Corporation only. As you can see, nonperforming receivables for the entire portfolio are very low.  Turning to slide 26, this slide illustrates our credit operations continued access to global markets. In the quarter we completed several funding transactions one of which was approximately $700 million TALF eligible term ABS deal. We have been very successful funding our credit operations and now have all maturities funded through the third quarter of 2010.  Moving to slide 27, the credit operations had net income in the quarter of about $99 million versus about $80 million in the third quarter of 2008. In the quarter investment tax credits associated with our wind energy projects helped results. These were part of the Federal Stimulus package which also extended the production tax credit. The net tax benefit in the quarter was about $30 million with a total tax benefit for the year projected to be about $75 million. This is included in the net income guidance for the year which is forecast to be about $270 million.  Looking now at receivables and inventory on slide 28, for the company as a whole receivables and inventory are forecast to be down about $870 million for the year in line with the cuts in production discussed earlier. Slide 29 shows that receivables and inventories remain well aligned with sales. This reflects our ongoing commitment to Deeres operating model which includes disciplined asset management.  Now lets discuss the latest on retail sales. Slide 30 presents the product category details for the month of July expressed in units. Utility tractor industry sales were down 29%. Deere was down in line with the industry. Grow crop industry sales were up 8%. Deere was up double digits. Four wheel drive tractor industry sales were up 29%. Deere was up strong double digits, more than the industry. Combine industry sales were up 25%. Deere was up more than the industry.  On slide 31 you see that for row crop tractors Deere ended July with inventories at 22% of trailing 12-month sales. Combine inventories were at 17% of sales.  Turning to slide 32, in Western Europe, sales of John Deere tractors and combines were down double digits in July. On slide 33 Deeres retail sales of selected Turf and Utility equipment in the U.S. and Canada were down double digits in the month. Construction and forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada on both a first, third and settlement basis were down double digits for the month.  Slide 34 shows raw material and logistics costs were flat in the quarter for both divisions. Consistent with last quarters forecast we expect material cost increases to be approximately $300 million for the year. This implies a benefit of about $150 million in the fourth quarter of the year versus 2008.  Now lets look at a few housekeeping items. Slide 35 illustrates the year-over-year strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to most foreign currencies. Currency movements both translation and transaction or trade flow reduced operating profit by about $75 million in the third quarter. Looking at R&D expense on slide 36, R&D increased about 2% in the third quarter and is expected to be up about 5% for the year with the increase coming from tier four emissions spending.  Moving now to slide 37, SA&G expense for equipment operations was down about 18% in the quarter. The two point increase associated with global growth initiatives is virtually all due to two water acquisitions made in the latter half of 2008. This was more than offset by a decrease in variable incentive compensation expense of about nine points, consistent with our incentive performance plans. Currency translation accounted for another three points or so of the reduction. The balance of the decline, about eight points, is a result of expense reductions throughout the company. For the year we project SA&G to be down about nine points.  Moving to the tax slide on slide 38, during the third quarter the effective tax rate was approximately 22% due to discrete items. The full year effective tax rate is now expected to be about 27%.  Turning to slide 39, for fiscal 2009 we anticipate capital expenditures running about $800 million, consistent with the previous forecast. The depreciation and amortization forecast is about $525 million. Our forecast currently includes about $150 million for pension and OPEB contributions in the fourth quarter. Capital spending for financial services is forecast around $80 million in 2009 primarily for wind projects.  Slide 41 in the appendix provides supplemental information on net sales and operating profit for the newly formed A&T division. Slide 42 outlines our current projections for U.S. net farm cash income. The China government support of agriculture referred to earlier is highlighted on slide 43. Finally, on slide 44 you see that actual shares outstanding on July 31 were 422.9 million.  In closing, John Deere is in the home stretch of another solid year. The company as we just saw is projected to earn over $1 billion despite what is expected to be its largest single year sales decline in at least 50 years. Whats more, we have shown real progress creating a more flexible cost and asset structure that can adjust to changes in the retail marketplace. For the rest of the year we will keep on curbing production and inventory in response to todays weak conditions but as we do we will also be setting the stage to capitalize on any future upturn and we will be preparing for a very promising future based on the worlds prospects for population and economic growth over time.  To that end, we are continuing to bring advanced new products to a growing customer base and making selective investments designed to produce strong returns for investors well into the future. 
Marie Ziegler :  Thank you Susan. We are now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct us on the polling procedure. As a reminder and in consideration of others please limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. If you have additional questions we ask that you rejoin the queue. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital. 
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: I am hoping you can talk a little bit about how we should think about margins in the fourth quarter in the Ag and Turf business. You talked a little bit about the 30% decremental for the year which suggests about 25% in the fourth quarter. Clearly the costs associated with the consolidation is a drag there but then how should we think about the drag from underproduction in that business and then from the boost of pension guidance, what the split is between Ag and Turf and Construction and Forestry. 
Marie Ziegler :  First of all let me address your second question. Pension guidance is a funding issue. It does not affect our accruals which are basically unchanged in our guidance. That is a funding decision. Regarding the drag from the change in inventory, it is fairly significant in the fourth quarter but maybe a better way just to help everyone cut to the chase here we are expecting our Ag division will remain profitable but that operating margin implied in our guidance is something around 1% so it is fairly low.
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Are there other issues other than the under production I should be thinking about in terms of drag there? Is there a mix issue that will be there as well? 
Marie Ziegler :  There is always a loss of but clearly the most significant item is very clearly the production changes versus last year when we were in a very strong up production mode and then you correctly guided earlier the repositioning charges. 
James Field :  I might just add when you think about Ag production in the fourth quarter of the year they are going to be shut down about 1/3 of the production days. Just to give you a sort of order of magnitude. They have some pretty significant shut downs. 
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: I appreciated the color you gave in terms of the U.S. and Canada versus the rest of the world. Maybe if you could just give some more color specific to the U.S. how much of a factor the transition to the new 8000 series tractor is in terms of the underproduction in the U.S. Then globally I would appreciate it if you could give a little more color on how we should think about Latin America versus Russia and Europe and just how to think about some of the geographies. 
Marie Ziegler :  Regarding the change in production of the new 8000R we actually are already in production. It is a very limited factor frankly in the fourth quarter. We actually went back and double checked on that so basically no factor. Regarding the outlook for some of our newer emerging markets you may have noted that our outlook for production tonnage outside the U.S. and Canada actually increased from being down 24%. That really reflects strength in markets in India and in China which admittedly are a smaller part of our business but are very encouraging. A little bit of improvement at the margin in Brazil. So we were actually able to improve our tonnage there. Market outlook for Russia as we talked about continues to be very cautious and is down significantly from where it was last year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Joel Tiss  Buckingham Research. 
Joel Tiss  Buckingham Research: I wonder if you could clarify on slide 30-33, double digits it covers everything from 10% to 99%. Could you just give us little teens or twenties or something to help clarify that a little bit? 
Marie Ziegler :  That has not typically been our practice so I am not going to be able to respond any more definitively than what we have already said. I think it is pretty implicit when you are talking about construction and forestry given where our sales guidance is for the full year that we are still looking at pretty significant year-over-year declines. 
Joel Tiss  Buckingham Research: The inventories where you expect to be at the end of the year is that pretty much going to be where you need to be for 2010 or do you feel like it is more of an ongoing process or are you going to need to rebuild a little bit as we work into 2010? Is this going to potentially [be where you are]?
Marie Ziegler :  I will start with construction equipment. I am going to preface it with obviously we dont have our guidance for 2010. We are not being cute. Externally we are still obviously developing that picture ourselves inside as well.  In construction given where our inventories are ending we believe that we will be able to increase our production next year even if the retail market does not change because we believe we will be in a very good position. At this time we would say the same for our agriculture and turf division although it covers many, many countries. It is our intention to end the year with our inventory positions where we think they need to be.  As you think about ending inventory do remember we had a very different set of circumstances this time a year ago regarding the Soviet Union, or I should say the former Soviet Union, and that did have an impact on what we felt we needed to have in terms of work in process and raw material inventories specifically in the U.S. and to some degree even in western Europe.  We sold in 2008 approximately $1.9 billion into central Europe and the former Soviet Union. We were expecting to see fairly significant gains in 2009. In order to get those units into the region in time for the spring planting season you really have to be in production in the late fall and over the early part of the winter. So we had our inventories and production plans accordingly. As you know the liquidity crisis hit. We had very strong demand out of the U.S. and Canadian markets and Australia, for example, so we were able to reposition some of that planned production into other markets.  So we are really looking at a very different set of factors so bear that in mind as you are thinking about that change. A lot of it really relates to the former Soviet Union. 
James Field :  One other thing, as we look at where we are planning to end the inventories, the other issue we have is we brought on capacity in 2009 at Waterloo. We brought on capacity at Harvester and we brought on capacity in Brazil which gives us some sort of optionality because we can turn up the production and react to up ticks in demand quicker than we could before. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Raso - ISI Group.
David Raso - ISI Group: On the fourth quarter production I believe, correct me if I am wrong, the guidance used to be 28% of available production days to be shut down. Now it is 33. Can you please help us understand where the increase is coming? Is it the larger equipment in East Moline and Waterloo? Maybe dovetail that into any comments you have on the order book for Ag particularly the big tractors and combines. 
Marie Ziegler :  Actually there is no single factory that would stand out in terms of a dramatic change one way or the other. In fact, versus our previous expectation we increased production for our big tractors both for the 8R and the 9000; the 8R introduction has gone very well. That has actually had a little bit of a positive benefit in the fourth quarter but it is really just a series of adjustments. 
David Raso - ISI Group: Did I hear correctly you mentioned construction retail was flat Deere believes it can increase production. Then you made a comment about Ag and Turf in the same regard. Obviously the assumption about retail flat
Marie Ziegler :  I didnt suggest that they could necessarily increase production. I am sorry for interrupting but rather, we believe our inventories will be correctly positioned there. The markets are so diverse it is hard to make that general observation. 
David Raso - ISI Group: The Ag division has benefited a lot this year from pricing with some of the carryover from last year. What is the early indication on pricing being put out in the field for 2010?
Marie Ziegler :  We have actually announced for two products; the early order program on combines in the U.S. we took price increases in the range of about 3.5%. On the new 8R series the indicated increase, and admittedly that is one tractor family, but that is 4-6%. Now as you think about that 4-6% do bear in mind there are feature improvements, new cabs that is phenomenal, better suspension systems on our track models, some higher horse power, so some of that 4-6% when we do our price realization calculation we will end up and reclassified into volume because we try to account for that in volume. 
David Raso - ISI Group: That is the price increase that is out there already that you are also saying so far the introduction of the 8000 has gone relatively well. It is to your expectations? 
Marie Ziegler :  Absolutely. The 8R. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: I am wondering if you can discuss some of the initiatives that you and Sam plan to focus on over your first year at the helm here? 
James Field :  Sure, I think one thing important to note is very early on Sam took the reins and he sent out a message about what was not going to change. What is not going to change is our commitment to the SVA model and our commitment to the ORA model. So in that regard, one of the big initiatives really we are focused on right now is basically running this company and producing SVA in this environment. The other thing Sam mentioned is not going to change is our commitment to how we do business in terms of the integrity and the ethics. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk about now you have construction joint ventures in China and India? Have you reached your targeted scale in the business or are you still looking for additional opportunities? Also can you talk about if you see potential for increased consolidation among your competitors at this point in the cycle? 
Marie Ziegler :  Actually we would not talk about any of our competitors prospects for consolidation. We would tell you we see global infrastructure as an opportunity for us. To that end you are aware we made an investment in a joint venture in China in excavators. Just about a month ago we announced we had a joint venture
James Field:  In India. Clearly the prospects for the global infrastructure growth are very encouraging and are a very powerful macroeconomic tailwind we have our eyes on. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities. 
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities: If I could go back to the comment about market conditions and construction weighing on pricing relative to the prior forecast, does that mean they are less positive or is there likely to be a negative going forward? 
Marie Ziegler :  I want to emphasize we had positive price realization in the third quarter and that our forecast contemplates positive price realization in the fourth quarter and obviously for the year. 
Andrew Casey  Wells Fargo Securities:  The second thing, on the charges could you clarify how much of the Welland closure falls into Q4? 
Marie Ziegler :  About $27 million pre-tax. I should clarify that last year in the fourth quarter we also had charges for Welland and they were roughly actually I think $49 million exactly pre-tax. So bear that in mind as you look at your numbers. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Just a clarification first, when you talk about decremental margins throughout the call on the slides is that on the gross margin line or operating margin line? 
James Field :  Operating margin line. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Secondly, on those fourth quarter charges do you have the per share amount? Obviously it depends on the tax rate you are assuming for the quarter. 
Marie Ziegler :  Yes, we dont even give our guidance based on per share amounts so no I dont have it calculated that way. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: What tax rate should we assume for the fourth quarter? 
Marie Ziegler :  I did not calculate the math. Our tax rate for the full year works out to 27%. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: That is what you said on the slide but you dont have a fourth quarter number? 
Marie Ziegler :  We can run the math. We will run the math and get back to you before the call ends. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: I dont think you ever answered Davids question unless I missed it on the order book this year? I dont think we ever got the granularity. Can you remind us how that compares to last year? My follow-up question is on capital allocation. How do you think about capital allocation going forward? The way I look at it your inventory levels are pretty good. Even in a flat market I would assume next year your earnings should be up so that should mean you should probably generate some pretty good cash flow. How should we think about that and would you think about reinitiating a share repurchase?
Marie Ziegler :  I will take your first question and then Jim can answer the second one. In terms of early order programs if you look at it on an absolute basis yes our numbers would be down versus last year which was an extraordinary year. On combines in particular last year we would have been about 70%. That is very atypical. We would normally be 1-2% at this time. Typically the bulk of the orders come in actually in the month of January. This year we are actually at about 20% so we are actually comfortably ahead of where we would have expected to be and certainly any time in the previous five years. That would be true for early order programs we have on spring tillage, planters, air seeding, etc. So we are in very good shape there.  In terms of the tractors I mentioned the fact we had actually added some additional production in the fourth quarter for both the new 8R and 9000 series tractors. Effective availability on the 9000 series is now in February 2010 and for the 8R it would be again this is a product you understand we are not even done introducing into the market. So you can still get a product kit yet in this fiscal year like in the last week of October. That one is harder to call because of the product transition. 
James Field :  In terms of capital allocation and that general question Im not going to get into the business of providing any sort of forecast as to when we might do repurchases or anything like that. Clearly providing a stream of steady cash returns to our shareholder sis something that is very, very important to us and clearly share repurchase is a tool to do that and one that we have looked at in the past and we will continue to look at as a tool in the future. 
Marie Ziegler :  Our accountants have gotten back to us correctly pointing out our guidance is implying a break even fourth quarter. Tax rate would be not meaningful to calculate in the quarter. Alex, that gets back to your question. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Henry Kirn  UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS: I wonder if you could chat a little about price discipline in the rest of the world. Are your competitors remaining disciplined in not cutting prices? 
Marie Ziegler :  Our practice has long been not to comment about our customers pricing practices. I would observe we did not change our price guidance for the company for the full year as a result of anything in the farm equipment market. Specifically we talked about tougher conditions in our landscape operations because of what has happened with fertilizer prices and construction and forestry. We did not make any changes in guidance because of that. That is as far as I will go. 
Henry Kirn - UBS: How much more run rate is there to take out of SA&G? Could you do more still or are you at the end of the line? 
Marie Ziegler :  In terms of SA&G everything we know we can do we have implemented or we are in the process of implementing. Some actions you do today take maybe six months to pull the trigger on. We believe we are in pretty good position in terms of the way we are running our businesses.  However that is not to say that as we get further into things and we continue to improve our processes and look for new ways to do things more efficiently. 
James Field :  We are very much focused on continuing to look at our cost structure and the opportunities that are available to us. Clearly there are always opportunities. We are committed to going after those. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: A line item that you havent focused on but your income from equity and affiliates has turned significantly negative relative to last year. Can you just give us some color on what is going on there and how we should think about forecasting that line item?
Marie Ziegler :  A lot of that has ticked up from some primarily construction related activities that we would have. As you know the market is very difficult in construction and so I would be very cautious as you go forward and look at that line item. 
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: On Brazil, you did a nice job of presenting the positives in there with government funding, etc. Do you expect repossession of Ag equipment in Brazil to accelerate in the next months given that the Court injunction preventing repossessions is set to expire at the end of August? 
James Field :  First of all that injunction only related to one province. With regard to our activity in many cases we have collateral other than just the underlying equipment so we have taken other collateral beyond the equipment. We will continue with our normal collection procedures and in any event we do not anticipate any significant movement in our reserves one way or the other right now because we think we are adequately reserved and our reserve calculations contemplate being able to get our hands on collateral and recover collateral. 
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: That one state is [inaudible] which is
James Field :  That is correct. 
Marie Ziegler :  We might note we have actually had very good collection experiences in [inaudible] similar to what we would have. 
James Field :  In fact slightly better than we have seen overall in Brazil. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access.
Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: My first question, you touched on new product introductions but can you give us some more color on the 8R and 9000 relative to other large new rollouts you have seen in the past? Do we need a drum roll here? Is this really exciting stuff? 
Marie Ziegler :  The 8R is very exciting. The 9000 just to be clear are not a new product. That is an existing product. The 8R we are very excited about. Brand new cab. Much better visibility. Lots more glass. Much improved suspension system. Jim has actually got the list pulled up. 
James Field :  We have basically the smoothest ride in the industry with our link suspension and our independent suspension. We have had a great transmission in there with power shift and IVT. We have the 9 liter power tech engine in there. We are very excited about this product. We are in the middle of a product show in Omaha and we have 4,500 or so professionals from our dealerships are getting to look at this tractor. The feedback is extremely encouraging. 
Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: You said that you saw very modest improvement in terms of spending into 2010 but could that change and what could bring about a change there? We all read about congress passing all this stuff. What would it take? Is there any hope that funds will really start to flow at some point? 
Marie Ziegler :  We really need to differentiate. The funds are flowing from the Federal Stimulus Package. In fact we were reviewing yesterday with our government affairs folks and they were talking about how the Federal spend rate is starting to accelerate as has been anticipated. As you look into 2010 we had originally said we expected the infrastructure portion of the bill you would have about $10 billion in appropriations in 2009 and maybe $25 billion in 2010. The challenge is while the states are benefiting from the federal money that is starting to flow and is expected to increase in 2010. Their own rather precarious financial situations are causing them to pull back on their expenditures.  What you have is basically the two are a wash. We would note the spending has helped slow the decline or loss of jobs in the construction industry and so there is some benefit from that although there are still job losses occurring. If you go over the winter months and really into the spring we were losing jobs at about 117,000 a month. That rate seems to be slowing over the last three months to something more like 73,000. Again that is an indication you are starting to see the benefit of some of the stimulus money.  It is just unfortunate that because of the state and local budget situations they are not able to see a bigger pop from the monies that are being spent on the government level. 
Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: I wonder how the integration of the Ag and Consumer and Commercial business is going. We know about the headcount reduction but how is that transition going? 
James Field :  That transition also occurred concurrently with the roll out of something we call the new global operating model which allows us to provide or is designed to enable us to provide a much crisper focus on the customers and products. I would say in general the integration of the former Commercial and Consumer Equipment division as well as the rollout of the global operating model is occurring in line with our expectations. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: A question on some of the upcoming off-highway emissions standards, tier 4A, due in 2011. I know you are not offering anything regarding 2010 but should be expecting any kind of material pick up in R&D or new product development costs, SG&A or anything like that? 
Marie Ziegler :  We had a pretty significant increase in R&D last year. I think you saw pretty much the major step up really occurred last year. We saw some increase even in our guidance yet this year on R&D. Regarding capital expenditures again the big increase is already behind us where our run rate is about $800 million. We think we are pretty much where we need to be there. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: So we are kind of at a run rate is what we are seeing? 
Marie Ziegler :  Absolutely. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: With regard to the pension outlook if you were to run the test today would there be any kind of change to your accruals? 
James Field :  We have not really completed the full actuarial analyses so we wouldnt necessarily be in a position to answer that question. Having said that, I would offer that last year we posted October 31st an interest rates had spike and the discount rate is a big factor in the calculation of both the pension and the OPEB expense. We would anticipate if interest rates hold where they are today we would see a pretty significant decline in the discount rate which intuitively that would tell you would have some sort of increase in our benefit costs going into next year. We do not have any sort of finite number that we would be willing to share at this point. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein.
Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein: The decremental you are guiding for Q4. Your volume decline is bigger in Q4 than you have for Q3 and that is not surprisingly then that your decrementals are supposed to be higher than they are in Q3. At the same time you have about a $150 million material input cost benefit. Is that $150 million included in your calculation of the decremental or not? 
Marie Ziegler :  Yes it is. Again, the fact that we have very low levels of production has just a very significant impact on our ability to absorb overhead. 
James Field :  It is important when you think about those decremental margins those are all in decremental margin. So those also include the impact of these reorganization costs. To the extent we have $150 million material goods we have a significant amount of reorganizational costs that are going out the same way. 
Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein: Do you think your plant managers think the risk to the decremental margin is to the upside or the down side?
Marie Ziegler :  We would not be able to speculate on that. Our forecast is our best estimate or best judgment at this time. 
Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein: Other than the charges, and obviously there is a lot of complexity going on, is there anything specific you are doing in the plants that is different this quarter compared to last quarter or recently?
Marie Ziegler :  I would just say you are looking at a much bigger swing year-over-year. Remember last year you had pretty high levels of production. So the issue is overhead absorption and that is just profoundly different in terms of the environment in the fourth quarter versus where we were a year ago. I dont have anything else to add. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: On the C&F margin which was better sequentially this quarter versus last. You had a little bit more volume but I dont think that was it. I was wondering if you can explain whether that was price, materials cost or structural cuts you are continuing to do.
Marie Ziegler :  It would be a little bit of benefit certainly from material cost that they had. I would also observe we were starting to pull in some in the third quarter of last year so you have a little bit of compare there. Pricing, you do get a benefit from pricing in the third quarter as we talked about. 
James Field :  We are also seeing a benefit from our efforts to restrain costs in both the SA&G line and in the cost of sales line as we go after the factory overhead. 
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley:  You have actually talked a lot about production tonnage. I just want to make sure I understand it. You cut a little bit less than expected in this quarter and that was on demand in India and a couple of other areas. In the full year your production tonnage was down about the same. Does that mean basically the up side from those markets was offset by the downside in C&F basically? 
Marie Ziegler :  In a nutshell, yes. That is fair. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Barry Bannister  Stifel Nicolaus. 
Barry Bannister  Stifel Nicolaus: Am I to understand there was actually an improvement to your annual net charge offs in the second quarter were about 0.67% and they fell in the third quarter to 0.58%? As well, there was really no deterioration in provisions for credit losses as a percent of the average owned portfolio? In the second quarter it was .75% and now it is only 0.73%?
Marie Ziegler :  I think you are far enough into the year you probably get a little bit of rounding making noise. We really have not seen further deterioration. 
Barry Bannister  Stifel Nicolaus: I heard your TLGP application was denied and you do have a $4 billion funding shortfall in fourth quarter 2010. Are you going to do some sort of large TALF eligible ABS or something to plug that gap?
James Field :  We are certainly looking at alternatives. As you know the TALF program was extended through March. We are looking at alternatives and when we might come to market with a transaction. That is likely a vehicle we would take advantage of. 
Marie Ziegler :  I would observe though that we have not had or not issued any money or done any of our funding with effectively the FDIC guarantee since the transaction in December. We have raised a very significant amount of money and we would anticipate this will have absolutely no effect on our funding or our ability to raise the money. 
James Field :  It is important to note too the note we have out there retains the guarantee. 
Barry Bannister  Stifel Nicolaus: So the $2 billion TLGP [MTN] in Q1 2009 was really just because it was advantageous at the time. It is not something you had counted on to continue? 
Marie Ziegler :  We had applied for it so I dont want to say we hadnt counted on it. We have been able to fund ourselves. We have a host of transactions on that liquidity slide that indicate we have been very successful in funding. 
James Field :  I think the bottom line is we have been able to tap into the market in many different ways throughout the course of the crisis and actually we found the results to be very, very encouraging. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Andrew Obi  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obi  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Just a question and I apologize if you have gone through it already. As I look at SG&A expense and as I look at R&D you seem to have taken guidance up for those expenses for the full year. What drove the decision to increase these expenses in the second half of the year versus your previous guidance? 
Marie Ziegler :  In the case of SA&G it is really just a change in the currency so the absolute amount is not increasing. In the case of R&D it is also affected by the currency so that inflated a little bit. At the margin a little bit higher spending on IT-4 which as you know you really have no choice about it if you choose to be in the engine business in 2011.
Andrew Obi - Merrill Lynch: How discretionary was the increase in the D&A expense for the year? 
Marie Ziegler :  That is just a result of the property plant equipment that is going on. I suspect currency has a little bit of play here as well.  Thank you all so much for participating in the call. As usual, Susan, Justin and I will be around the rest of the day to answer your questions. 
Operator:  Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-05-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marie Ziegler - Vice President, Investor Relations Susan Carliss - IR Staff  Michael J. Mack Jr. - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President
Analysts:  Andrew Casey - Wachovia  Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Henry Kirn - UBS Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research David Raso - ISI Group Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Andrew Obi - Merrill Lynch Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Bill Selesky - Argus Research Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Deere second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Marie Ziegler, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Marie Ziegler: Good morning. Also on todays call are Mike Mack, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as Susan [Carliss] and [Justin Maravic] from Deeres IR staff. Today well take a closer look at Deeres second quarter earnings, then spend a few minutes talking about our markets and where at this time we see things headed for the second half of the year. After that, well respond to your questions.  Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning and they can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com.  First though, a reminder -- this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited.  Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call.  This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans, and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information.  The call and accompanying materials are not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any of the companys securities.  This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports, under other financial information. Call participants should consider other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on the call.  And now, for a closer look at the second quarter, here is Susan. 
Susan Carliss: Thank you, Marie. John Deere today reported another quarter of solidly profitable performance and did so in the face of market conditions that are extremely difficult, to say the least. Nevertheless, our agricultural equipment operations in the United States and Canada continued to perform on a strong pace. Our credit operation maintained competitive access to the credit markets and the company overall further strengthened its liquidity position.  Also, Deere continued to show real discipline on costs and assets, reducing general and administrative expenses and slashing factory production by more than 50% in some cases in response to a weakening retail environment. Finally, volatile exchange rates had a significant negative impact on our results as well.  Beginning on slide three, last month we announced the combination of the agricultural and commercial and consumer equipment divisions into one, the new agriculture and turf division. The anticipated annual savings related to this new organizational structure is in the range of about $50 million, beginning in 2010.  While that number is meaningful, the most powerful impact will be in the scale advantage and cost reduction opportunities this combination provides. The AG and turf division will leverage common processes, standards, and resources not only to save money but also to respond more quickly to competitive challenges and bring solutions to market in a more timely manner.  The division will align sales channels and the global footprint to ensure John Deere is distinctively customer focused and globally competitive.  Todays second quarter results are presented as they traditionally have been for each of the three equipment divisions. Starting in the third quarter, however, equipment results will be reported for the new combined agriculture and turf division and, as in the past, for the construction and forestry division.  Also beginning with todays announcement, our financial forecast for the remainder of the year reflects the new divisional lineup.  Now on slide four, lets take a more detailed look at the quarter. This morning, Deere reported net income for the quarter of $472 million on second quarter equipment net sales of $6.2 billion. Turning to slide five, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were down 17% in the quarter versus second quarter 2008.  Currency translation on net sales was negative by approximately six points and there were six points of positive price realization. In fact, all three divisions achieved positive price realization in the quarter.  On slide six, worldwide production tonnage was down 19% in the quarter, reflecting weak market conditions and smaller and medium-sized AG equipment, as well as in the other equipment divisions.  It is also evidence of strong inventory management as both CMCE and CMS have further drawn down inventories in response to sluggish market conditions. Worldwide production tonnage is expected to decrease about 28% in the quarter of 2009 and be down about 22% for the full year.  As we turn to slide seven, while todays forecast represents our best assessment of the 2009 outlook, markets remain extremely uncertain, which makes it difficult to project sales and earnings with a high degree of confidence.  Third quarter net sales are expected to be down about 26% compared to the third quarter of 2008. Currency translation on net sales is about a negative six points, with about five points of positive price realization.  For the full year, net equipment sales are now forecast to be down about 19% compared with fiscal year 2008. This includes about five points of negative currency translation on net sales and about six points of price realization. Net income is forecast to be about $1.1 billion for the full year, with more risk on the downside.  Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with agricultural equipment on slide eight. In the quarter, net sales of AG were down about 4% due to negative currency translation and lower shipments. Operating profit was $635 million, down 19% for the quarter, resulting in a decremental margin of about 73%.  One of the biggest factors behind these results was this years reduction in inventories versus last years inventory build over the same period. In fact, about $60 million of the quarter over quarter operating profit change was due to these changes in inventory levels.  Tonnage in the quarter was down about 6%. This number, however, does not capture the variability of the tonnage change. Some of our factories saw double-digit production increases for the quarter, while others experienced declines of 20% to 40% or more.  Cutting inventories and slamming the brakes on production tends to reduce overhead absorption and create near-term inefficiencies.  Ags raw material costs were higher for the quarter but were more than offset by price. As was the case last quarter, currency, both translation and transaction, affected the incremental margin. We will address this in more detail later in housekeeping.  Before we review the sales outlook, lets look at some of the fundamentals affecting the AG business, starting on slide nine. Last week, the USCA released its first in-season look at the 2009, 2010 crop. Note that global stocks use levels remain relatively low with corn stocks forecast to decline in 2009/2010.  Moving now to slide 10, lets take a look at commodity prices. As we enter the planting season, wet weather in eastern parts of the corn-belt had slowed planting and prompted recent reactions in price and prospective planning estimates. It is still very early and a lot can happen in the next few weeks. That said, this is our current look at commodity prices. 2009/2010 projections for both corn and beans are up from the previous quarter with lower plantings, strong ethanol demand, and an improved export outlook supporting corn prices. For a visual perspective, turn to slide 11. Forecast prices, as you can see, are below last year but remain at historically strong levels.  On slide 12, U.S. farm cash receipts are forecast to be down in 2009. We have improved our outlook for crop receipts, which are more closely tied to our business, while the livestock forecast reflects further weakness in beef, dairy, and pork.  We introduced our 2010 forecast this quarter and, as you see, 2010 U.S. farm cash receipts are expected to increase about 4% from 2009 levels.  Slide 13 shoes the Deere forecast of U.S. net farm cash income, which is about 15% higher in 2010. We are including this, since many of you have asked for our outlook. Remember, Deere does not use U.S. net farm cash income as a basis for our forecast. We continue to use farm cash receipts, which historically has been a better predictor of equipment sales.  On slide 14, as in the U.S., there are better net income prospects for both Brazil and Argentina in 2010 after fairly low levels of income in 2009.  Turning to slide 15, you can see the cancellation activity in the second quarter. We continue to see very few cancellations in the United States, Canada, and Western Europe. South America experienced somewhat higher-than-normal cancellations in the second quarter, primarily due to ongoing drought conditions mainly in Argentina.  Central Europe and the CIS countries experienced a moderation in cancellations this quarter. Realistically though, there werent a lot of remaining orders to cancel, given the deterioration in those markets.  Before turning to our sales outlook for the new agriculture and turf division, lets discuss second quarter results for the commercial and consumer equipment division on slide 16.  Net sales were down 24% for the quarter, reflecting weakness in the U.S. economy. Production tonnage was down about 36% as the division continued to adjust production schedules in light of the weak demand environment.  Operating profit was $68 million, reflecting lower shipment and production volumes and unfavorable effects of foreign exchange.  Higher raw material costs were more than offset by improved price realizations while SAMG was lower as a result of limited discretionary spending.  Now lets turn to slide 17 and the outlook for the newly created AG and turf division. Net sales are expected to be down about 14% this year with negative currency translation of about six points. This implies that production will be down meaningfully in the second half of the year. As a result of this guidance, the divisions operating margin for the year is forecast to be in the high single digits.  More positively, our outlook for the rest of the year reflects lower raw material costs and an easing of the factory inefficiencies experienced in the second quarter. It also assumes solid pricing.  As a result of all of these factors, we expect the division to have a decremental margin in the range of 25% to 30% for the full year.  On slide 18, industry sales of AG equipment in the U.S. and Canada are now projected to be flat to down slightly. We continue to see strength in four-wheel drive tractors, combines, sprayers, and planters. Sales of tractors from row crops on down are expected to decline and the smaller the tractor, the larger the decline. Finally, sales of products commonly used by livestock, dairy, and cotton producers are weak.  We continue to expect Western European AG to be down 10% to 15% and Central Europe and the CIS countries to be down sharply. Moving to South America on slide 19, the outlook now is for the AG equipment industry to be down 20% to 30% in fiscal 2009. The change from last quarter is primarily due to ongoing drought conditions and we expect North American turf equipment and compact utility tractors to be down about 20% for the year on an industry basis.  Lets focus now on construction and forestry on slide 20. Reflecting very weak markets in the United States and abroad, net sales were down 55% in the quarter. Production tonnage was down even more, about 62%, leading to an operating loss of $75 million. Although production levels and sales were extremely low, CNF is aggressively managing inventories. At the end of April in the U.S. and Canada, Deere construction dealers were carrying half the level of inventory than the rest of the industry as a percent of days on hand. Also, the division has positive price realization in the quarter which offset the impact of higher material costs.  It should be noted that while no business likes to see negative results, CNF performance in one of the worst construction downturns in history reflects the success of our efforts to align production with demand and achieve a more variable cost structure.  On slide 21, we expect construction and forestry net sales to be down about 42% in 2009. Global forestry markets have continued to weaken and we now expect industry sales to be roughly half of what they were last year.  On the construction side, as you can see from the chart, economic indicators for 2009 remain weak. Among other things, government spending shows little impact from the stimulus package.  While the indicators do show some recovery beginning in 2010, note the very modest improvement in government spending. This reflects cut-backs in state and local government budgets, which offset the positive but slow flow of stimulus money.  Slide 22 is a graphical representation of key U.S. economic indicators. Housing starts are forecast to be extremely low in 2009, with a slight recovery in 2010, while GDP contracts sharply in 2009.  Lets move now to our credit operations. Slide 23 shows the provision for credit losses as a percent of the total portfolio. On slide 24, write-offs in AG, which represents about 70% of the portfolio, are still extremely low, while the levels in CNF and CNCE reflect current economic conditions.  Slide 25 illustrates our credit operations continued good access to global credit markets. This quarter, John Deere Capital Corporation began offering a new source of funding, Core Notes, a retail note program that allows individual investors to participate in the original issue market for JDCC securities. The program has had a good response so far, with more demand than anticipated. The program also is attractive to the company as it provides good match funding for our assets.  In the quarter, JDCC issued a 3.5 year medium term note, a maturity range not eligible for the FDIC guarantee. We have been very successful funding our credit operations, which is critical to helping customers purchase our equipment. But as you can see on slide 26, this also comes at a price.  Pre-funding and healthy cash balances assure we can provide financing to our customers but they also involve a penalty in the form of a negative cost of carry. These increased costs are reflected in our second quarter results and in our full year forecast. A higher provision for credit losses also played a factor. In addition, results were negatively affected by lower commissions from crop insurance. Helping credits results were investment tax credits associated with our wind energy projects. These were part of the federal stimulus package which also extended the production tax credit. The net tax benefit in the second quarter was about $25 million, with a total net tax benefit for the year projected to be about $50 million. This is included in the net income guidance for the year.  Looking now at receivables and inventory on slide 27, you will note they are down from last year as reported but up on a constant exchange basis. Ag accounts for the increase to date though by year-end the newly formed AG and turf division is projected to be down year over year by about $375 million.  For the company as a whole, receivables and inventories are forecast to be down about $700 million. This of course will have implication on production levels during the second half of the year, as is reflected in our guidance.  Slide 28 shows that receivables and inventories remain well-aligned with sales. This reflects our ongoing commitment to Deere's operating model and disciplined asset management.  Now lets discuss the latest on retail sales. Slide 29 presents the product category detail for the month of April expressed in units. Utility tractor industry sales were down 26%; Deere was down low double-digits. Row crop industry sales were down 12%; Deere was down a single digit. Four-wheel drive tractor industry sales were flat; Deere was up a single digit. Combine industry sales were up 17% and Deere was up more than the industry.  On slide 30, you see that for row crop tractors, Deere ended April with inventories at 25% of trailing 12-month sales, combine inventories were at 15% of sales.  Turning to slide 31, in Western Europe, sales of John Deere tractors were down double-digits with combines up double-digits in April. And on slide 32, Deere's retail sales of commercial and consumer equipment in the U.S. and Canada were down double-digits in the month. Construction and forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada on both a first-in-the-dirt and settlement basis were down double-digits for the month.  Lets turn to raw materials and logistics -- slide 33 shows raw material and logistics cost increases of about $180 million in the quarter. Looking ahead, our forecast for the year now calls for material cost increases to be approximately $300 million, less than the $400 million to $500 million increase forecast in February. With third quarter expected to be flat, this implies material costs will be down in the fourth quarter compared with 2008.  Now lets look at a few housekeeping items -- looking at R&D expense on slide 34, R&D increased about 11% in the second quarter, all attributable to AG including new product platforms and interim tier four spending. For the year, total company R&D expense is forecast to increase by about 2%. Moving to slide 35, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down about 14% in the quarter. The three-point increase associated with global growth initiatives is virtually all due to two water acquisitions made in the latter half of 2008. This was more than offset by a decrease in variable incentive compensation expense of about eight points, consistent with our incentive performance plans. Currency translation accounted for another five points or so of the reduction. The balance of the decline is the result of a general clamp-down on expenses throughout the company.  For the year, we project SA&G to be down about 10 points with the water acquisitions accounting for the increase as shown. Slide 36 illustrates the year-over-year strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to most foreign currencies.  As we have discussed previously, Deere's trade flows are relatively well-balanced but this may or may not be the case in any reporting period. Where there tend to be annual imbalances, we may hedge our exposure using currency forward contracts or currency risk-sharing agreements. The dramatic strengthening of the dollar, the extraordinary volatility of exchange rates, and the timing of our trade flows increased our exposure to currency movements in the second quarter. Currency movements, both translation and transaction, or trade flows, reduced operating profit by about $150 million in the second quarter; $100 million AG and $50 million CNCE. Moving to the tax rate on slide 37, during the second quarter, the effective tax rate was approximately 27% due to discrete items. The effective tax rate for third and fourth quarter is expected to be about 36%, putting the full year rate at about 31%.  Turning to slide 38, for fiscal 2009 we anticipate capital expenditures running about $800 million, consistent with the previous forecast. The depreciation and amortization forecast is unchanged at around $500 million. Included in our net income forecast is a pretax charge of about $50 million related to the AG and CNCE division combination. The company anticipates approximately 400 salaried employees will elect to participate in the voluntary separation program. When the program was first announced in mid-April, the pretax charge was estimated at about $25 million and about 200 employees. Also included is a pretax charge of about $60 million associated with the closure of our Welland, Canada facility.  Financial services forecast CapEx is also unchanged at about $100 million in 2009, primarily for wind.  Slides 40 and 41 in the appendix provide more color on the credit portfolio. Actual shares outstanding at 30 April 2009 were 422.8 million and can be found in the appendix on slide 42. As you see, there was no repurchase activity in the second quarter.  In closing, 2009 is shaping up as a tough year and yet we are not shying away from taking the kind of aggressive actions that reflect our commitment to the companys operating model. In the second half of the year, we will be curbing production, slashing inventories and receivables, and trimming costs in response to todays fierce economic downturn. But well be looking ahead to maintaining a relentless focus on innovation in order to bring advanced new products to our growing global customer base and making selective investments in new projects, which are designed to produce strong returns for our investors well into the future. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Susan. We are now ready to being the Q&A portion of the call. The Operator will instruct us on the polling procedure. As a reminder, as usual, in consideration of others please limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, you are welcome to get back into the queue and we will get to you as time permits. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Andrew Casey and please state your company name. 
Andrew Casey - Wachovia : Good morning. Wachovia Securities. A question on the back-half guidance -- how many production shut-down days are you anticipating?
Marie Ziegler: In our north -- I dont have a combined corporate number. In our North American AG manufacturing in the third and fourth quarters, wed be looking at probably a combination of somewhere around 20% of available days. Thats what the forecast anticipates. In Europe, it would be a number in the 30s and its -- construction doesnt have a very high number. Its a little misleading there so I am not going to share but they would obviously have a fair number of low or slow production. 
Andrew Casey - Wachovia : And Marie, could you remind me what for North American AG and Europe, what were the comparables for second half of last year?
Marie Ziegler: In North America, it would have been a very low single digit and -- oh, maybe -- Im just eyeballing it here but probably not even 20% in Europe. And then again there would have been a higher number in construction and forestry but the numbers are not really comparable to what we have gone over with AG. 
Andrew Casey - Wachovia : Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Wertheimer. 
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to ask I guess about construction and forestry, whether you think youve got -- I mean, the margin was obviously kind of soft. Have you got the structural cost where you want it and you just need to wait for a market recovery? Its obviously been a very steep down cycle and I am wondering whether that cost position is where you want it to be. 
Marie Ziegler: Well, we have executed according to our plan throughout this downturn but clearly with the sales outlook weve got, we are operating at very, very low levels and operating frankly below what we would have anticipated as we were doing our financial planning. I think they have executed quite well, responded very rapidly and followed the plan, which I should point out at this time, weve done similar things in the other division, in terms of planning.  Mike, do you want to chime in?
Michael J. Mack Jr.: Well, Ill just comment -- you know, think about it; sales are down 55% in the quarter, production down 62%. I think incremental margins of 32% in that environment actually are pretty good. Remember Susans comment at the outset that the field inventories for Deere -- or excuse me, for the industry, ex Deere are twice what Deere's are. Weve had I think very good execution there. They are maintaining their quality in their factories. The safety numbers are as good as they have ever been. I was just in one of these factories for a review. I thought the morale was very good. I think they are managing it, given the circumstances, as well as they can. 
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Im actually not critiquing the performance at all -- its more a question of you know, your goal has been to cover cost of capital through the down cycle. Do you have to sort of let go of that goal, given how this down cycle is, I guess we would all agree, abnormally steep? And so you are just willing to sort of ride out the lower margin than you might have expected a couple of years ago, or do you want to -- I know this is a tricky question, take further cost out?
Michael J. Mack Jr.: I think the cost structure is appropriate. We have sized this. We talked about trough and peak but probably are anticipating a trough more that wasnt as severe as this. I dont think this is the kind of thing that we would anticipate on a recurring basis, and its -- so its an extraordinary level right now and I think we are at an appropriate level with regard to cost structure and capacity. 
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: That was helpful. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Henry Kirn. 
Henry Kirn - UBS: Good morning, guys. Its UBS. How much pricing discipline are you seeing in the AG markets globally? Is anybody cutting prices to start to unload some of the excess inventories? 
Marie Ziegler: You know, what I can cite is that our price guidance has not changed from what it was for the full year last quarter, which is six points. So I would say that I can only speak on behalf of Deere, that you see really no change in direction there. 
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay, and for some of the credit headwinds in Central Europe and the CIS, would you consider using Deere credit to, or are you using Deere credit, to fill in the gap? And who much more appetite for risk do you have to put on your own balance sheet?
Marie Ziegler: Do you want me to -- 
Michael J. Mack Jr.: Go ahead, Marie -- take the first shot. 
Marie Ziegler: We have used a variety of techniques in those parts of the world. We have worked with local banks, weve used [XM] financing and at this point we would not anticipate making any changes. 
Michael J. Mack Jr.: Yeah, I think thats right. 
Henry Kirn - UBS: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Good morning. Two quick questions -- one, can you talk about whats going on in large tractor demand? Like if you were sold out through the summer, would you [begin the year for the 8000 and 9000] tractor series. Now we have row crops going down. It sounds like most of the backlog is being [inaudible] and actively somewhat of a void as we go into the first part of 2010. Is that sort of what we are seeing at this point?
Marie Ziegler: Well, I dont want to address 2010. Its way too early for us to be looking there but it is true that we have seen a little bit of softening in large tractors now -- not so much on the four-wheel drive but as Susan comment, the smaller the tractor, frankly, the softer the market. But even it the upper end of the 8000s, weve seen a little bit of weakness.  What is difficult for us to measure, Eli, is that we are ourselves in the middle of a product transition and that will affect our fourth quarter so for us, it is somewhat hard to judge how much of it is just the natural result of a product transition. We havent officially introduced the product yet and we wont until the summer. Weve had good early order indications and we would have fairly light shipping schedules anyway in the fourth quarter, as we are making the transition to this new product. So its hard for us to really assess that upper end of the market. But it feels maybe just a little weaker than it did a quarter ago and thats reflected in our guidance. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Just as a follow-up, can you talk a little bit more about the construction and forestry business? I guess right now the expectation is to keep production levels about where they are for at least the rest of the year. And its a two-part question -- one, what would it take for you to begin to raise production schedules? Or are we going to go into 2010 at similar levels, at least for the first part? And really the more important question, we knew in February if you listen to [Casey & Hollands] forecast of shutting [inaudible] first half of the year and [inaudible], that that market was a lot weaker. What finally hit that you finally brought it down that much? I mean, its probably a big surprise how far down you brought the second quarter versus the year. Were you just late to realizing how weak this market was or was it a supply skew? Can you give us some idea what happened there?
Marie Ziegler: Well, Eli, I guess I would challenge your assumption that we were late to recognize that weve been running with much lower levels of inventory than our competition, which weve talked about really ad nauseum for the last couple of yeas and that continues, and our guidance for the year last quarter was down 24, which was pretty significant. What has changed at the margin really is not the North American outlet per se but what we are seeing from our forestry business, which has just really softened even further into -- or we saw further softening yet in this quarter. So I think that we are following right along with what we are seeing in the market. 
Michael J. Mack Jr.: Yeah, I would comment as well that I think this division has been anything but late to recognize that. I track this and we do as a group, of course, on the inventory and receivables every month and this division has a very close grip on that. Whats happened, I think, in the last few months as expectations of the market have continuously shifted in terms of retail sales estimates in a negative direction. But I think theyve been extremely responsive with regard to setting production schedules and managing the asset side of it. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: [You had] schedule levels that we see now will go through the rest of the year and into 2010, is that the expectation at this point?
Marie Ziegler: Well first of all, this is our best estimate of the market as we see it right now and thats reflecting our production schedules and our inventory, our further inventory reductions. Youll recall that we are going -- targeting to end the year with $325 million less in the field inventory and company-owned inventories.  The other observation I would make is because you are lowering inventories this year, if the market stays flat and the retail environment stays flat and we choose not to make further reductions in inventory, that actually would allow us to see an increase in production in 2010. Again, I would want to stay away from a forecast of 2010 as part -- its really premature but all those things being equal, you would have that ability to -- for a little bit of upside in production. But time will tell. 
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Research: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Raso.
David Raso - ISI Group: I wanted to discuss the balance sheet -- the net debt to cap on the equipment company, obviously trended down sequential and its fairly low. Thinking about the inventory reduction and the production schedules for the rest of the year, you could very well end the year in a net cash position. You temporarily are holding off on share repo. The question is when do you expect to return to the share repurchase program?
Michael J. Mack Jr.: As in the past, we really havent indicated when we would repurchase shares ahead of time and probably will still with that as the methodology right now. We are -- I think -- first of all, I am going to agree that as the year progresses and we reduce inventories, we are likely to generate more cash and equipment operations, and I think in this current environment, actually thats a very favorable thing. But I probably wont be able to give you more illumination with regard to share repurchase today. 
David Raso - ISI Group: Has anything especially changed to how you view the balance sheet? Because the discussion initially about holding off on share repo was related to the credit markets. If we assume that you -- 
Michael J. Mack Jr.: Yeah, I think its early for anybody in this economy to declare victory relative to the global recession and so we tend to be relatively conservative with managing those risks. And so its really the environment more than anything else. 
David Raso - ISI Group: At a minimum, if you look at the last three years before this year, you were doing $1 billion to $1.7 billion of share repo. If you do get more comfortable and go back into the share repurchase program, are those type of range how I should be thinking about it, at least, in your appetite for share repurchase as you get more comfortable?
Michael J. Mack Jr.: Well again, Im just not going to be able to help you very much on this particular question today. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, David. Next. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Blanton.
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Marie, you mentioned that the impact of inventory reduction versus last years inventory increase was $60 million. Was that the figure?
Marie Ziegler: Yeah, in the AG business. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: In the AG business -- only in the AG business? 
Marie Ziegler: Well, thats the only number that we actually had calculated out, yes. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, because if you look at the inventory as a whole, the change this year was a reduction of 286 and last year was an increase of 282, so -- 
Marie Ziegler: Alex, for the -- let me anticipate your question. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: That doesnt -- that is more than you are looking at with the $60 million, right?
Marie Ziegler: For the full company, the impact would be about 80. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Eighty -- okay. That still seems a little bit light when you look at the total inventory change year over year, adding the increase this year, the increase last year, and the reduction this year is 568, so $80 million is something like 15% of that. 
Marie Ziegler: Thats exactly how we value an inventory change, at a 15% incremental margin. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: A 15%, okay. Good to have that figure. And we can look for that same effect in the second half as you reduce inventories even more, is that correct?
Marie Ziegler: That would be fair. 
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Alex. Next. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meredith Taylor. 
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Good morning. Well, what I have is really a follow-up on Elis question -- you know, Im hoping we can dig into your outlook for North American AG flat to down 5%. You know, this is a somewhat different view of the market than your peers and I certainly understand you are not going to comment on your competitors outlook but I am hoping that you can maybe give us some detail, if possible, on how you are looking at the market for combines, large tractors, and then under 100-horsepower tractors. 
Marie Ziegler: Well, combines, we actually see up, so we probably have a more positive view than I believe our competitors do. That may have something to do again with our difference in fiscal year cut-off versus they are on a calendar year but we would see combines actually up a low, for the industry, a low double-digit. And big tractors for the industry, we would see up a little bit, a low single digit, and then again row crop tractors on down, down single digit all the way to, you know, you could look at declines of almost up to 25% in some of the smaller horsepower categories. Thats our view of the industry on a fiscal year basis. 
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Okay, thats helpful. And then youve indicated that the risk remains to the downside with this $1.1 billion of guidance -- is there any additional color that you might be willing to give around where the areas of vulnerability are that would potentially imply this downside risk?
Marie Ziegler: The $1.1 billion is our best estimate as of this time. However, obviously our previous estimate was $1.5 billion. Theres a lot of uncertainty, we feel, in terms of how things develop for the economy over the course of the year. The economic fundamentals do seem to slide -- even yesterday, housing came in a little lighter, I think, than was expected. So we just felt it was prudent to give our guidance with that caveat. 
Meredith Taylor - Barclays Capital: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Meredith. Next. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jerry Revich. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Marie, can you please help us reconcile your comments on few cancellations in U.S. and Canada with rising inventories and declining retail sales for row crop tractors? Are your dealers taking deliveries of tractors despite customer cancellations? Or is there another dynamic there?
Marie Ziegler: No, we are looking at a very marginal change in the upper end of the row crop market, first of all. We have had no cancellations to speak of -- just you get in any period, you get a handful here and there, so we continue to see very normal levels of activity. We are a little quieter in terms of getting some new retail activity. As youll recall last time, although we had been ordered out really effectively through July, we were in a quiet period -- we had stopped taking orders on the old product. We were making the transition to the new models. People havent yet seen the new models, so I think we are just a little more cautious in that upper end, but theres been no cancellation activity to speak of. 
Michael J. Mack Jr.: Maybe just to add a little color there -- on the used equipment pricing on the tractor side, its still holding up really quite well at this stage. 
Marie Ziegler: Yes, turns on both tractors and combines are the highest they have been at this time of the year in five years, so they are very good. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and Im wondering if you can talk about AG equipment orders in the quarter -- Marie, you alluded to it. Im wondering if perhaps you can comment on where book-to-bill this quarter stacked up versus the prior year quarter. 
Marie Ziegler: Well again, theres really no change on the row crop tractor side because we closed on the old model. In terms of combines, we continue to look at about a 95% coverage ratio on retail orders. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Which is consistent with last year?
Marie Ziegler: I dont know where we -- I dont recall where we would have been last year. We hadnt opened our -- Im sure it would be very similar. We hadnt opened the early order book until July, so I cant imagine its significantly different but it is higher -- 
Michael J. Mack Jr.: Much better than typical. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. 
Marie Ziegler: The other thing is, is remember we have additional capacity available to us this year that we didnt last year and its approximately 30% came into play for us in the month of March this second quarter. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Obin.
Andrew Obi - Merrill Lynch: So in terms of the pricing outlook, I am just a little bit confused because you kept it at 6%. But I would imagine that A, the mix has changed, and B, construction and forestry pricing is perhaps weaker than it was, so does it mean that AG pricing has actually gotten better? Or its just a methodology?
Marie Ziegler: Well, I would say that we had anticipated the market conditions fairly well in the construction side of the business and in the commercial and consumer, and so we have not had to make significant changes in the outlook. 
Andrew Obi - Merrill Lynch: No, but Im just talking about the math, given the tonnage that you are taking down in construction, right?
Marie Ziegler: The tonnage would not relate to the price realizations. The price realization is done taking a look, comparing prices this year versus last year and its done on the sales basis of 2008 is how we apply the math. 
Andrew Obi - Merrill Lynch: Okay, so its just the methodology. The second question is what are you hearing about dealers ability to carry inventory, and particularly is the [inaudible] on inventory, given the higher cost of [floor] financing? Because weve been hearing that its been a constraint for the distribution channel. 
Marie Ziegler: Well you know, we do provide floor plan terms for our dealers to help them with their used inventories in some cases. In other cases, they have pool funds that they can apply to it and then of course they can always get a line of credit from our credit operations.  Our inventories, we again have managed very, very well. We are quite pleased with the turnover that we have seen on the used side. Inventories on the construction side have been more problematic, generally speaking, than the used side. But again for Deere, our dealers are doing a very good job of managing those inventories. They are very proactive with them.  Mike, go ahead. 
Michael J. Mack Jr.: This I think is a good example of the advantage of having John Deere Credit as part of our enterprise. The access weve had to the capital markets for funding have allowed us to continue to provide the good wholesale credit funding capability for our dealers so I think our experience in the channel in this regard might be different than some others. 
Andrew Obi - Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the comment. Thank you very much. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Andrew. Next. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Charlie Rentschler. 
Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: My first question has to do with the forecast of prices up six points -- could you kind of parse that for us? Youve got the new line of tractors coming out, which I assume bears on that, as tractors probably have more emissions control kind of stuff on it and would have higher prices. Can you -- 
Marie Ziegler: Charlie, we have not made announcements on the new products, new price realization. Obviously that would factor into what we have got in our guidance but we have not made any public commentary on it. 
Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: Okay. Well, my other question had to do with merging consumer and commercial into AG equipment, the new AG and turf. I dont understand the rationale for that. Youve got almost 90% of the sales, if the three equipment businesses now into that one reporting segment -- I mean, why not just go to a single reporting segment?
Marie Ziegler: Charlie -- 
Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: Another issue, I was wondering how you take -- you motivate your employees on SVA and you take a negative SVA business and merge it with a positive, and how does that -- how do you work that out with the peoples pay and the morale?
Marie Ziegler: Well, first of all, Charlie -- when you talk about them being different businesses, in the commercial and consumer equipment business, if you strip out landscape, 70% of their sales were going through the [agular], so they are really -- the distribution channel is very similar.  As we merge the divisions, youll recall that we are offering voluntary separations. This will allow us to change the cost structure as we eliminate some redundancies that are unique in the division, so we feel very positively about this. Now, that is an ancillary benefit. We feel that as we effectively work together and merge this market together, we have a better opportunity at serving customer needs that really stand the AG and the CNCE product line. Mike. 
Michael J. Mack Jr.: First of all, your 90% number there is overshoot. Its not anywhere near that large. But I think there have been changes in the dealer consolidation thats occurred over the last say 10 or 15 years. It didnt always have this large of a mix of the CNCE products going through AG combination dealers. Back 12 years ago or so, it was probably closer to 50-50 but the consolidations that have occurred resulted in this large part of the volume now going through the AG combination dealers, so its just a tremendous benefit on the marketing and sales side in terms of leveraging dealer development and order fulfillment, and basically to help us get economies of scale and reduced costs that make this a pretty attractive thing to do. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Charlie. Next -- Charlie, we need to move on to the next question. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan.
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: I wanted to just take a step back and just talk a little bit about your outlook for farm cash receipt, particularly for 2010. I note that you have a significant recovery forecasted for the livestock sector and Im wondering if you could just walk me through the logic there. I mean, the livestock sector, as you noted, is just devastated right now and very long cycles there and Im not sure that I would be forecasting quite a significant recovery going forward. So Im just curious what you have embedded in your 2010 outlook there. 
Marie Ziegler: Generally speaking, we expect that this will be a year of, at least in the first part of the year, of reduction in herd sizes. We expect pricing that will clearly help the pricing outlook. We do see the producers -- we actually thought, and we use an outside service, as you know, for a lot of our economic insight, but they actually though pork producers would turn profitable even in the very near term. Now obviously thats been delayed a big as we have seen pork prices adjust because of the concerns related to the H1N1, although theres, as you know, no relation.  So we see pork producers returning to profitability as we move later into the year and with the adjustments that have been made in the beef herd size, the potential for people to improve profitability. Thats our view at this time. 
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: And that actually --
Marie Ziegler: And that will help support prices. 
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Right, but that leads me to kind of my second question -- if that indeed is the case, then it will put downward pressure on consumption of crops for the livestock sector next year, and also ethanol is in a pretty precarious situation. So I am curious then on the crop side, how do you reconcile the fact that we are going to consume those crops from both the feed sector and maybe even the ethanol sector, because -- 
Marie Ziegler: Well, our assumption, which is that the 2009/10 crop will use 4.1 billion bushels of corn to meet the renewable fuel standards and thats up from the 3.65 billion of bushels this year. Thats in the assumption. We actually would see -- you also have some improvement in the pricing environment in the market, which also helps support that cash receipts number. 
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Okay. You didnt really answer how much you are expecting to be consumed by feed, but I can go through that offline. 
Marie Ziegler: But you know, thats a plus number in the number too. I would have to dig it out for you. 
Ann Duignan - J.P. Morgan: Okay, thats fine. Ill take it offline. Thanks. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Koznarek.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Good morning. A question -- would you guys be able to step back and review for us across the entire company what has been done in total with regard to cost reduction actions? Where do we stand in staffing today relative to peak levels that might have been whenever that was in 08, and other cost reductions like Welland -- I dont know if theres other fixed cost reductions going out but help us understand how much that is down. And then how much of that is fixed cost reduction that is likely to be permanent rather than volume related reductions that will recover when volumes recover some day?
Marie Ziegler: I think the place to start would be Welland, which we said is an ongoing benefit of about $50 million, in terms of cost savings from that. And right now our current estimate would be another 50 as a result of the merger of the AG and CNCE division.  In terms of flexibility, probably the most significant thing that weve done in headcount is that as we were ramping up in 06, 07, 08 as weve used temporary workers to a much larger fashion on the salary side, and so we have the ability as we move down to move those -- to reduce those costs. Thats partly what you see flowing through our SA&G numbers, as you see that flowing down. In addition, I think you are aware, painful though they are, weve had lay-off announcements at several factories.  I dont have an actual headcount number for you at my fingertips. 
Michael J. Mack Jr.: Well, as I recall, Welland was about 800 people and I think the sum of the lay-offs, if you put them all together, its about 1,000. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: A thousand across the entire corporation, is that what you mean?
Michael J. Mack Jr.: Thats what I am looking at North America -- Im not sure about what we have overseas. 
Marie Ziegler: I dont have a number. Im sorry. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. Im just -- you know, with volume down 19% this year, Im just wondering whether overall for the company we have reductions of anywhere close to that, or are the reductions much more modest than that?
Marie Ziegler: Im sorry -- again, we have had a broad use of contingent employees that gives us flexibility and that does not get picked up in the headcount numbers and I do not have a way of helping you on that. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Okay. Ill follow-up offline. Thank you. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Mark. Next. 
Operator: Thank you. Jamie Cook, your line is open and please state your company name. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Good morning. First question, just a follow-up on the FX side, I dont know if I missed this but what are we forecasting the impact of FX translation on operating income for 09? And then I guess just my second question -- sort of longer, sort of bigger picture here -- as I look at your cash receipt forecast for 2010, your commodity price forecast, and I guess I look at that and you are one of the few companies I would say within my group that arent honing in materially on CapEx. You know, were still I think assuming we are spending more than D&A, so Im just trying to think about one, has there been any changes in where we are spending CapEx relative to where we were last time? If you could just help me out there. 
Marie Ziegler: First of all, your first question had to do with currency and translation, transactions -- no, actually, we did not provide you with a forecast for the full year and we actually did not do this in the first quarter either, because of the variability that we had encountered earlier in the year. We have elected not to provide specific guidance. You do know that in the first quarter it was approximately $150 million and in the second quarter, it was $150 million. And then it remains to be seen ultimately what happens with exchange rates as we move through the year.  Regarding your second question, the $800 million spent, you do recall, of course, that we are going to be subject to tier -- interim, excuse me, tier four emissions regulations which impact off-road industry starting in 2011 and actually last year, we were ramping up our engineering resources to make sure that we are able to meet. I think we have the technologies. We are doing very well as we are moving closer to the launch date. But the spend you are seeing is directly and indirectly related to interim tier four.  We are also tying all of our new product development, new features that will roll out with those machines and so its all happening at the same time as the interim tier four engine emission launch occurs. So youve got really a sort of a double-whammy, so to speak. 
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Okay, thanks. Ill get back in queue. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Jamie. I have time for one more question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Bill Selesky.
Bill Selesky - Argus Research: Good morning. I just had a quick question, Marie, on stimulus spending and its effect in the construction and forestry business. I know a little is going to be spent in 2009 but do you have any anecdotal evidence from any dealers as to whether they are more positive, less positive on this potential benefit going forward?
Marie Ziegler: In terms of our view of the rate of spend on the stimulus, we actually had a fairly cautious outlook, which I believe is similar to many others in terms of how fast that money could actually flow into the marketplace.  Really whats changed, if you will, in the last three months is that because many states and local governments are hitting spending caps, some of them have mandatory balance budget requirements, we are seeing pull-back where state and local governments have some discretion to slow that spending. So that has made, if you will, for a little bit more cautious outlook in terms of the rate of spend. Time will tell, as we move into 2010. 
Bill Selesky - Argus Research: Okay, great. Thats helpful. Thank you. 
Marie Ziegler: Actually, we actually have time for one more. Do we have anyone left in queue?
Operator: Thank you. Daniel Dowd, your line is open and please state your company name. 
Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, so youve guided for your AG and turf revenues to be down 14%. Can you break out what the actual AG revenue you think is now going to be down?
Marie Ziegler: Actually, that will not be possible. We have already converted our forecasting to a combined -- for the combined division so I do not actually have separate forecasts. We do not as a company have separate forecasts. 
Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay, so as I look at the way in which you have adjusted your end market agriculture forecast down, it seems like as I do the back-of-the-envelope math that that didnt come down as much as your AG revenue adjustment likely was. Is that correct or not?
Marie Ziegler: Im really not -- I would only be able to speculate, so I am not -- I am going to not be able to because I do not have an AG forecast. I just have a combined division forecast. 
Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Well then let me turn to one other issue -- obviously the 73% decrementals in the AG business, pretty shocking. I mean, clearly you mentioned that big chunks of it were due to fixed cost absorption and yet you are also saying that the decremental for the AG and turf business is going to be 25% to 30%. Whats going to be so very different about the manufacturing operations in the back half of the year compared to the kinds of things that happened in Q2?
Marie Ziegler: When you -- as you start to rapidly adjust your production schedules, you just get some -- you get some inefficiencies as you slam on the brakes and those inefficiencies will diminish as you adjust to the new operating levels as we move forward through the second half of the year. You will also get some relief on the raw materials side, you know, the implied guidance is flat in the third quarter and then down in the fourth quarter, so you will get some help there as well. 
Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein: Were there any specific manufacturing hiccups at particular locations or anything that caused such an extraordinary decremental?
Marie Ziegler: No, it is not that. Susan in her opening comments talked about the fact that we had a lot of -- the tonnage is only down 6% in the quarter but while you had one unit in particular up double-digits, you had a lot of units that were down 20% to 40% and a couple that were down even more than that. So when you make -- when you adjust to that kind of a production outlook and we are doing it very rapidly in that initial period, you just get some inefficiencies as you are slamming on the brakes that do -- you are able to better manage as you go through the rest of the year. 
Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Thank you. 
Marie Ziegler: Thanks to all of you for participating in todays call. Susan, Justin, and I will be available the rest of the day to answer your calls afterward, so thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marie Ziegler  Vice President, Investor Relations Susan Karlix  Investor Relations Michael Mack  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Andrew Obin  Bank of America Securities, Merrill Lynch Mark Kosnarek  Cleveland Research Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley Ann Duignan  J.P. Morgan David Raso  ISI Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities Henry Kirn  UBS Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse Daniel Dowd  Bernstein Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird Andrew Casey  Wachovia Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Deere and Company first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Miss Marie Ziegler, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Marie Ziegler: Good morning. Also on today's call are Mick Mack, our Chief Financial Officer, Susan Karlix and Justin Merrimac, both from the Investor Relations staff. Today, we'll take a closer look at our first quarter earnings, and then spend a few minutes talking about our market and where at this time we see things headed for the remainder of fiscal 2009. After that, we'll open for your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First though a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thompson writers. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this call without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session agree that their likeness and remarks and all media may be stored and used as part of this earnings call. The call today includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company, expect as required by law undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. The call and the company materials are not an offer to sell or solicitation of offers to buy any of the company's securities.  This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principals generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is posted on our web site at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under other financial information. Call participants should consider the other information on risk factors and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on the call. And now, for a closer look at our results, here is Susan
Susan Karlix: John Deere reported another quarter of solidly profitable performance today and did so despite the impact of the global economic slowdown. Among the highlights, our agricultural equipment operations in the United States and Canada continued on a strong pace. Our construction and forestry division reported a profit in spite of trying market conditions. Also, our credit operation has maintained access to the credit market. That is helping insure ample financing for our customers. On the negative side, our results very definitely reflected the impact of the global recession as well as the effect of volatile exchange rates and a further increase in material costs. Let's take a more detailed look at the quarter, starting with Slide 3. Net income for the quarter was $204 million on first quarter equipment sales of $4.6 billion. Turning to Slide 4, total world wide equipment operations net sales were up about 1% in the quarter versus first quarter 2008. Currency translation on net sales was negative by approximately six points, and there were about six points of positive price realization. On Slide 5, world wide production tonnage was flat in the quarter compared with our previous forecast of up 12%. This illustrates that all three equipment divisions are not hesitating to step on the brakes, rapidly adjusting to changing market conditions. World wide production tonnage is expected to decrease about 17% in the second quarter of 2009 and be down about 12% for the full year. As we turn to Slide 6, Ag markets have remained strong in the U.S. and Canada while the remainder of our businesses have seen a dramatic slowdown in the quarter. The forecast we review today, represents our best assessment of the 2009 outlook, but keep in mind; it also reflects a high degree of uncertainty. Second quarter net sales are expected to be down about 9% compared to the second quarter of 2008. Currency translation on net sales is about a negative six points with about five points of positive price realization. As the press release states, we have suspended providing quarterly net income guidance for now. Our intent is to revisit this decision when there is less uncertainty in the global economy and evidence of stabilization in foreign currencies. For the full year, net equipment sales are now forecast to be down about 8% compared with fiscal year 2008. This includes about six points of negative currency translation on net sales and about six points of price realization. The current outlook for net income is approximately $1.5 billion for the full year with risk on the downside. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, let's start with Agricultural Equipment on Slide 7. Net sales in Ag were up 18% due to higher volume, reflecting strength in the U.S., Canada and Western Europe.  Operating profit was up 5% to $348 million. Price basically offset the impact of higher material costs. Currency had a significant negative impact on Ag Equipment performance for the quarter, basically offsetting the benefit of higher volume. This was due to extremely volatile currency exchange rates and the dollar strengthening against the major currencies we do business in. Currency movement both translation and transaction, or trade flows reduced operating profit by about $150 million in the first quarter. Slide 8 illustrates the radical decline in foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar over the last year, but as shown on Slide 9, the biggest part of the change has occurred in the last few months. Over the course of the year, our trade flows are relatively well balanced, but that may or may not be the case in any reporting period. Where there tends to be annual imbalances, we may hedge our exposure using currency forward contracts or currency risk sharing agreements. That said, the extraordinary volatility of exchange rates and the timing of our trade flows, increased our exposure to currency movements in the first quarter. In fact, if we look at Ag sales and operating profit on a constant exchange basis, the division would have had a 23% incremental margin in the first quarter.  Now let's move to Slide 10 and take a look at some of the economic assumptions that underlie our Ag forecast. Projected commodity prices for '08/'09 reflect very little change from last quarter. As is our practice, we have included the next crop year's prices on the chart. Although down from last quarter's estimate, they still remain a good level by historic standards. For a visual perspective, turn to Slide 11. The forecast prices as you can see, though down from recent levels remain higher than the past several years, and as shown on Slide 12, at levels that generally permit our farm customers to earn a good return. On Slide 13, U.S. farm cash receipts remain at very good levels and are up significantly from most recently as 2007. This supports our expectations that the U.S. farm sector will hold up reasonably well in the year ahead. Before moving to our retail sales outlook, I'd like to address an issue we are frequently asked about, order cancellations, as seen on Slide 14. The U.S. and Canada as well as Western Europe have seen very few cancellations. South America experienced somewhat higher than normal cancellations in the quarter, while Central Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States including Russia, have seen a high number of cancellations as market conditions in those areas have deteriorated. Our outlook for industry sales for agricultural equipment in the U.S. and Canada as shown on Slide 15, is now flat to up 5% in fiscal 2009. We continue to see strength in large tractors and combines in contrast to sales of small tractors and equipment commonly used by livestock producers which has seen further deterioration. Remember, small tractors tend to be popular with the general customer segment that has been hurt by the economic slump. Livestock producers have taken a sizeable hit to their profitability, largely because of higher feed costs. Cotton equipment sales have also deteriorated since our November outlook.  Our outlook for large equipment remains strong as retail orders in the U.S. and Canada for our many products, extend through much of the year. This includes 8000 and 9000 series tractors, combines, sprayers, tillage and feeding equipments. Transition to a new 8000 series tractor will begin later this year when effective ability on the current series has expired. For 9000 effective availability is now August. Due to reduced activity in other parts of the world, we are now able to offer earlier availability to our customers in the United States and Canada. The combine early order program closed in early February with nearly 95% of expected 2009 retail sales covered.  As shown on Slide 16, our South America outlook now is for the industry to be down 15% to 25% in fiscal 2009. This outlook is down slightly from last quarter, reflecting drought conditions and a changing tractor mix in Brazil. Brazilian government subsidies on 55 to 75 horsepower tractors has shifted the tractor mix towards sales of smaller units with lower selling prices. We now expect Western Europe to be down 10% to 15% and Central Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States including Russia, to be down significantly. So, putting this all together on Slide 16, the outlook for the sale of John Deere farm machinery and services in 2009 is projected to be down about 2%. Currency translation on net sales is negative by about seven points. Turning to our Commercial and Consumer Equipment business on Slide 17, reported net sales were down 25% in the quarter. Operating profit was negative $59 million reflecting lower shipment and production volumes and higher raw material costs. The division did benefit from lower SA&G expenses as it continues to make adjustments in the cost structure as recessionary economic conditions persist. Production tonnage was down 20%. Moving to the outlook on Slide 18, for fiscal 2009 net sales are projected to be down about 14%. Let's focus now on Construction and Forestry on Slide 19 where net sales were down 28% in the quarter. Operating profit was $18 million due to lower shipment and production volumes and higher raw material costs. C&F had positive price realization, a plus in this discouraging market which offset the impact of higher material costs. The real new though, is the division remained profitable and did so in spite of extremely weak business conditions in a seasonally slow time of year. C&F's performance illustrates rigorous expense control and it lends credence to the divisions' ongoing success in creating a more flexible, sustainable business. On Slide 20, for the division as a whole, we expect Construction and Forestry net sales to now be down about 24% in 2009. Forestry markets in Europe and Russia weakened dramatically in the quarter. The industry forecast for these markets in 2009 is now down almost 50%. On the Construction side, the outlook for all geographies weakened in the quarter with the most significant decline occurring in Latin America. Slide 21 contains information about the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, also known as the Stimulus Package which was signed into law yesterday. The good news for Deere, is that the legislation clearly shows the political resolve of the Administration and Congress concerning two important segments in which our company and our customers participate; infrastructure and renewal energy. Key among the legislation's provision are the following; well over $100 billion in infrastructure funding, extension of bonus depreciation, businesses can write off 50% of the cost of equipment acquired in 2009, extension of Section 179 deduction by an additional year through calendar 2009. Customers who place into service qualifying assets with a value of less than $800,000 will be able to expense the first $250,000 of the asset purchases during 2009. Also in the legislation is a three year extension of the production tax credit for electricity from wind and biomass among other sources, $4.5 billion for electricity delivery and energy reliability including upgrades to the transmission grids, and programs targeted to help rural development such as more than $7 billion for extending broadband services. Let's move now to our credit operations on Slide 22. The current provision is running at about the very low 10 year average. This continues to reflect strong farmer cash flows. Ag and C&CE dealer reserves, rigorous underwriting standards, robust collection practices and strong used equipment values. On Slide 23 we have broken out the first quarter write off activity by collateral type. Results are shown on an annualized basis. The Ag portfolio is in excellent shape. In fact, write offs in Ag are minimal. Write offs in the other two portfolios have increased as you might expect, reflecting the underlying economic condition of those businesses. Bottom line, the portfolio performance is solid, led by the continued strength in Ag. John Deere Capital Corporations have continued to have access to the global credit market as shown on Slide 24. In the first quarter, JDCC issued $4.7 billion in medium term notes and asset backed securities. That exceeds all John Deere credit 2009 maturities in those two funding classes. Now let's get to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, FDIC guaranteed debt issuance. On December 16, 2008, JDCC agreed to issue $2 billion of FDIC guaranteed debt under the temporarily liquidity guarantee program, TLGP. Since that issuance, the guidance has evolved and the FDIC published an additional frequently asked questions, FAQ under December 19, 2008 which in pertinent parts, applies to all grandfathered, unitary thrift holding companies such as JDCC. Consistent with that FAQ, the FDIC has notified Deere and JDCC that JDCC needs additional review and a written determination from the FDIC prior to issuing additional FDIC guaranteed debt. Accordingly, JDCC has submitted the documentation to the FDIC related to this and will continue to see the guidance of the FDIC. I want to be clear that this has no effect on the December 2008 issuance. That debt continues to carry the FDIC guarantee. Slide 25 illustrates further evidence of Deere's liquidity. The enterprise cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance at January 31, 2009 was $5.2 billion. This mainly reflects John Deere credit success securing funding during the quarter. In addition, Deere and its credit operations continue to access the commercial paper markets on a regular basis, placing commercial paper at various maturities and at very good rates. Deere's total world wide commercial paper outstanding at January 31 was $2.3 billion. That leaves an incremental $2.2 billion of commercial paper capacity. Moving back to our world wide credit operations now as seen on Slide 26, first quarter net income was about $45 million. That was down from about $96 million in the first quarter of last year. Factors leading to the decline included narrower financing spreads, lower commissions from crop insurance and a higher provision for credit losses. As shown on the previous slide, in the current environment our overriding focus is on liquidity. Pre-funding and cash balances come with a price; the cost of negative carry, but it also assures we can provide financing to our customers. These increased costs are reflected in our first quarter results and in our full year forecast. Credit net income for fiscal 2009 is now expected to be about $250 million. Before moving on to retail sales, let's review receivables and inventory. On Slide 27, consolidated trade receivables and inventory ended the quarter higher than a year ago. The increase was mainly attributable to two factors; one, high rates of production of large tractors and combines in the United States, and two, some product not shipped or materials not yet used in the markets where conditions have softened. In those cases, we expect the build up will be unwound over the course of the year. Although Ag receivables and inventories were up in the quarter, they are forecast to only be up about $75 million by the end of the year. For the company, the 2009 year end forecast calls for inventories and trade receivables to be down about $250 million. Although trade receivables and inventories have increased year over year, Slide 28 shows they remain well aligned with sales activity. Now let's discuss the latest on retail sales. Slide 29 presents the product category details for the month of January expressed in units. Utility tractor industry sales were down 15%. Deere sales were down a single digit. Row-Crop industry sales were up 7%. Deere sales were up double digits. Four wheel drive tractor industry sales were up 15%. Deere sales were up strong double digits. Combine industry sales were up 13%. Deere sales were up in line with the industry. On Slide 30, you see that for Row-Crop tractors, Deere ended January with inventory with 19% of trailing 12 month sales. Combine inventories were at 8% of sales. Turning to Slide 31, in Western Europe sales of John Deere tractors were up low double digits with combines down double digits in January. And on Slide 32, Deere's retail sales of Commercial and Consumer equipment in the U.S. and Canada were down low double digits in the month. Construction and Forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada were down double digits on a first in the dirt basis, and down a low single digit on a settlement basis.  Let's turn to Raw Materials and Logistics on Slide 33, which shows Raw Material and Logistic cost increases of about $270 million in the quarter. Looking ahead, our forecast for the year now calls for material cost increases in the range of $400 million to $500 million, well below the level we were expecting earlier. With $200 million to $225 million hitting in the second quarter, this implies material costs will be flat to down in the second half of the year versus 2008.  Now let's look at a few housekeeping items. Looking at R&D expense on Slide 34, R&D increased about 7% in the first quarter. Currency translation was negative by about three points. For fiscal 2009 R&D expenses are expected to increase about 3%. Currency translation is forecast to be about a negative three points. Moving now to Slide 35, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was down about 5% in the quarter. This included about a four point increase associated with global growth and initiatives, primarily in Ag, which was more than offset by currency translation of about four points and a reduction in variable incentive compensation expense of about five points. It is important to note that everyone on the John Deere team in all geographies and all divisions is taking vigorous action to control costs.  For the year, we project SA&G to be down about four points. The Ag division continues to spend for growth initiatives adding about three points. This however, will be more than offset by currency translation of about four points and reduced incentive compensation expense of about four points. As I pointed out, incentive compensation expense is forecasted to be down about four points in 2009. Our variable incentive compensation system is designed to align performance around strategy and to flex rewards with business results. Some of you may remember Slide 26 from our marketing deck. This summarizes the variable incentive compensation plan. For those of you running models, this forecasted reduction in incentive compensation will also affect cost of sales. Moving to the tax rate on Slide 27, during the first quarter, the effective tax rate was approximately 29% due to discrete items. The full year 2009 tax rate continues to be forecast at about 35%. Turning to Slide 38, for fiscal 2009 we anticipate capital expenditures running about $800 million, $200 million less than the previous forecast. Depreciation and amortization is forecast around $500 million, and we anticipate contributing roughly $180 million to benefit plans. Financial services CapEx will be about $100 million in 2009, primarily for wind. Actual shares outstanding at January 31, 2009 were 422.7 million and can be found in the appendix on Slide 40. As you see, there was no repurchase activity in the first quarter. In closing, there is little question that Deere faces a difficult year ahead. However, we're taking vigorous actions to make adjustments in our cost and asset structure and in particular, to keep factory production aligned with demand at the retail level. Also, our number one market, farm machinery in the U.S. and Canada, remains strong while the company as a whole continues to benefit from a sound financial position. Finally, we still believe that the macro economics are on our side. The positive trends that support our businesses such as global demand for food and infrastructure remain fundamentally intact. In our view, they continue to hold great long range promise for the company and for all who share in its success.
Marie Ziegler: We're now going to open the call for Q&A. As is our usual custom, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow and then get back into the queue to permit others to have the opportunity to ask questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Andrew Obin  Bank of America Securities, Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin  Bank of America Securities, Merrill Lynch: Could you comment, one of the surprises was a significant deterioration in Western European Ag outlook. Could you just give us a little bit more color of what you've seen over the past couple of months in that market in terms of access to credit and demand?
Marie Ziegler: Actually, in Western Europe I would say was more of a tweaking. We went from down 5% to 10% to down 15% so it's not a tremendous change. Frankly, the reason for the change in the outlook has to do with the fact that although we have a good order bank, we have seen very few cancellations, we are not seeing a lot of new orders coming in, and so we felt it was appropriate to make an adjustment in our outlook.
Andrew Obin  Bank of America Securities, Merrill Lynch: In terms of thinking about the timing of your internal planning, I think on February 2 you put out a press release saying that one of the employment reductions in one of your construction equipment facilities were consistent with your guidance of down 12% in '09 for construction and forestry. A couple of week's later guidance is reducing significantly. Does that indicate that the guidance was tweaked over the past couple of weeks or does it indicate that you just sort of did not want to change guidance as part of that press release?
Marie Ziegler: I won't comment on the timing of that particular thing, but when we had an outlook that called for our sales volume to be down 12%, we knew that we would be required to make some adjustments in our employment and that's what you saw reflected.
Andrew Obin  Bank of America Securities, Merrill Lynch: I guess what I'm trying to understand you changed the guidance, am I correct to understand that you really got all the facts together over the past couple of weeks or was it work in process throughout the quarter?
Marie Ziegler: I'm not going to comment on that, but the timing of when we actually get our forecast is as you are aware, we have a fairly rapid close, and so we would have had our forecast information, not very many days ago quite candidly before we released.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Kosnarek  Cleveland Research.
Mark Kosnarek  Cleveland Research: You usually give the average commodity prices and you didn't this time. I'm just wondering if you could go through those pretty quickly.
Marie Ziegler: Actually they are on, unless something happened to the document you're looking at, but we have them on Slide 10, and I'd be happy to give you them. On Slide 10, for this crop year, '08/'09 crop year, corn is at $4.00, wheat is at $6.85, soybeans are at $9.35.
Mark Kosnarek  Cleveland Research: I see that now. In your North American outlook could you talk about changes that might have occurred between some of the categories within the overall business being a high horsepower tractor versus low horsepower and combines. How do they look versus the prior outlook?
Marie Zeigler: One thing that has happened is that as conditions declined in Central Europe and former Soviet Union, we had availability especially earlier in the year for our U.S. and Canadian customers that we otherwise wouldn't have had. So we've seen an availability shift. So we actually have seen some improvement if you will in the capability of meeting our customer demand there. If you look though in terms of the slight tweaking of our industry outlook, it had been up 5% and we're now saying flat to up 5%. That really is coming from the small tractors, from hand forge equipment and the deterioration in the outlook for cotton equipment.
Mark Kosnarek  Cleveland Research: So large tractors over 100 horse would be unchanged from your prior forecast?
Marie Zeigler: I don't think they would be materially different. Combines would be improved.
Mark Kosnarek  Cleveland Research: What roughly is the increase for the large horsepower that you're looking for for the market.
Marie Zeigler: That would be a number I'm not able to share with you. I'm sorry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley: I wanted to ask a little bit of a structural question on your goal to be break even positive on things like C&F. Is this trough just too bad to achieve that goal or is it still something you think you can do no matter the economic situation?
Marie Zeigler: I would like to start and I know Mike would like to make a few comments too. In our current forecast, we do still contemplate the Construction and Forestry equipment division remaining profitable with profitability in the low single digits. 
Michael Mack: First of all I want to recognize that this is a very good question because it's quite central to what we've been talking about for awhile, and that is our ability to manage our way through a cycle and reduce our volatility. This is something as you know we've been working on for quite some time. We talked about this in December 2006 with all the analysts in Waterloo, so we've been focused on it as a company. I think we are extremely low levels on the volume right now so that the target of hitting 12% ORA of the trough right now would be very difficult to achieve this year but certainly much better than we ever have done in the past, and it's our ongoing ambition to try to perform at that level, but I think that's going to be pretty difficult in this year.
Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley: Pricing, I don't know how to ask this exactly. How much pricing do you "achieve" through having a back log and through having priced orders and are you anticipating getting pushed back on that back log?
Marie Ziegler: What I can tell you is that our pricing guidance is six points for the year and that if you think about the large tractors and combines because of the back order position, you've got some comfort in some of those numbers but obviously we're in a difficult market condition in the other segments. I don't have the ability to give you a number of points, nor candidly probably would we.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan  J.P. Morgan.
Ann Duignan  J.P. Morgan: I wanted to pick up on the pricing question just a little bit. I saw for full year six points, and you estimate for this coming quarter is four points. Can you talk me through a little bit of what's going on there in terms of the mix? Is it less combines more small lawn tractors, or is there anything structural that we need to be aware that you won't be able to realize the six points for full year then?
Marie Ziegler: Our guidance is the six points so we wouldn't have given guidance of six points if we hadn't expected that. One thing that you do see in the second quarter, that is a seasonally strong quarter for our Commercial and Consumer equipment division, so there is a little bit of mix in there.
Ann Duignan  J.P. Morgan: Could you talk a little bit about your outlook for detrimentals in Construction and Forestry and consumer? As we go through the year, I know you'll have perhaps a tail wind from infra costs. Was there anything specific in Q1 that won't be repeated that the detrimentals should improve as we go forward? I'm trying to understand how to model the operating profit in those divisions.
Marie Ziegler: Again, on an absolute basis for both divisions, both Commercial and Consumer and Construction and Forestry, our current forecast contemplates margins in the low single digits on an absolute basis. I don't have any thing really more specific. Our pricing would get relative to the raw material costs will be a little more of a favorable tail wind.
Michael Mack: I would maybe just comment C&C has quite a seasonal component through the year and the most challenging quarter is the one we just had in the first quarter and then the best two of course are the second and third quarters. So I would anticipate that pattern to hold up this year like it does every year.
Ann Duignan  J.P. Morgan: But the import costs will be more of a tail wind in the back half.
Marie Ziegler: That's certainly what our forecast has, yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso  ISI.
David Raso  ISI: I wanted to keep the question kind of broad just to get your color. How would you describe the down side risk to guidance that you speak of and which areas in particular are providing that risk in your perspective. And the reason I really ask is, if you look at the production tonnage and what you put up in the first quarter, where you guide in the second quarter and when you look at the full year, it implies that the second half year over year production decline is maybe a little bit less than we'll see in the second quarter. But then you look at your U.S. and Canadian Ag production tonnage guidance it implies, and probably rightfully so the second half of the year your declines get worse. So what's the offset in the second half that's less worse than the second quarter to allow the full year tonnage. Obviously something must be getting a little bit better on a year over year in the second half to let U.S./Canadian Ag get worse, but the total doesn't get worse.
Marie Ziegler: The Commercial and Consumer and the Construction and Forestry divisions were making schedule adjustments as we moved through last year, so they have relatively easier compares, at least in our current forecast.
David Raso  ISI: On a profitability, obviously that's not a great trade off, U.S. and Canadian Ag getting worse on production year over year but CC and CF not getting as bad. 
Marie Ziegler: Obviously we made an adjustment in our guidance as well as you know.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Can we talk about pricing to get a clarification? You said 6% for the year, do you still have pricing assumptions by segments and are you still positive in CC and C&F?
Marie Ziegler: I can't give you exact numbers. We no longer do that by division, but I can tell you that all three equipment divisions in the current forecast and in that six points of price realization have positive price realization. Clearly Ag would be stronger and the other two would be somewhat south of the six.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: Can we talk about demand in the Ag side. You said 9,000 tractors, but are we past the point where cancellations are really probably in those big tractors given that we're getting into delivery and getting into production cycle? And the more important question, if things hold up this well in 2009 in big Ag, and I know you hate to go out, but are we running from risk in 2010 to be a more difficult year in big Ag stuff?
Marie Ziegler: It is not our custom to comment beyond the current year so I'm not going to be able to answer the second part of your question. The first part of your question regarding cancellations, we would tell you that historically on a retail end in the U.S. and Canada and in Western Europe, because we've been in those markets a very long time, once a customer places an order, we typically have very few cancellations, and in part remember, most of the stuff comes with trade in. The dealer is already working on the trading cycle, so historically we have not seen cancellations. You are correct in observing that we are getting close to the spring planting season. As we move through the year, we're obviously going to be getting closer to fall work where you again need the tractor and the combine. I can only tell you that historically, we have not had a lot of cancellations. I might also comment, Susan mentioned earlier that we had had a lot of cancellations in the former Soviet Union, and those really are not customer cancellations per se, those are really because we are simply unable to get financing. So if the financing was available, there is still a very strong demand in that part of the world. It's just simply that we cannot get financing so obviously, we can't make the sale.
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: How long does that 8000 tractors go out, you said 9000 for August.
Marie Ziegler: It's into the summer and we basically said that the order book was closed. You're no longer able to place an order for the 8000 series tractor because we are over the course of the summer transitioning to a new model.
Operator: Your next question comes from Henry Kirn  UBS.
Henry Kirn  UBS: Dovetailing with Eli's question, could you talk a little bit about what stops a farmer from cancelling an order once it's placed?
Marie Ziegler: They've looked at their crop needs, they've made an assessment of risk of going down if you will in season. They've looked at the technology and productivity that they can gain. And very often, again the dealer knows that there is a trade in coming and the dealer has already worked on that trading cycle.  And remember that, depending on the age of the equipment being traded in, there's usually anywhere from three to five subsequent trades associated with the sale of a new tractor, and so as the dealer is working on that trading cycle that acts also as a factor.
Michael Mack: I would add that the farm cash receipts are still at a high level by any historic comparison and the farmer balance sheets are probably the best they have ever been with debt to asset ratios.
Marie Ziegler: And what we've done with John Deere Capital Corporation, we are able to offer financing and clearly local banks and Federal have cash available to also finance those customers. So access to credit is absolutely not an issue for our farm customers.
Henry Kirn  UBS: In terms of the global fleet, could you maybe talk a little bit about each of the regions where you see the age and how long that Ag fleet could be aged before replacement would need to happen?
Marie Ziegler: If you go into the emerging markets, I really don't have a number but I can tell you that there's enormous demand for the productivity that our new tractors and combines and sprayers etc., offer farm customers. So there it's really not an issue of age of equipment. It's really access to credit. In the U.S., I think you're all aware that for a very long time we don't have firm industry numbers. We think the average age of a tractor is probably close to 20 years in the U.S., but candidly, nobody is doing high production agriculture with a 20 year old tractor. Usually it's something under 10 years and sometimes under seven years. Again, over time the reason we talk incessantly about cash receipts is because that has been far and away the most significant driver, or the best correlation to equipment sales, has been farm cash receipts. 
Michael Mack: Reflecting back to spring of 2008, I think that's a good example of why people need large productive equipment. Remember the late rains we had, there was basically about a two week planting window for our farmers, and I think that really highlighted requirements to have that capability. So it's not aging fleet and wear out that drives purchases. It's productivity capability.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs: I appreciate you're not giving guidance on 2010, but it is a rather provocative slide on Page 10 with regards to thinking about 2010 with your forecast for the commodity prices down pretty significantly and you're just indicating that crop receipts has been the best indicator of future demand, yet you've also got CapEx still well above depreciation.  I'm trying to calibrate your forecast for commodity prices and history would probably suggest that trend down significantly. You are cutting costs here. Raw materials should help as you move into 2010 and pricing seems to be holding up reasonably well. But can you square off the investment level still running well north of depreciation in that context?
Marie Ziegler: That's a very fair question. I want to first point out that our guidance is approximately $200 million lower than it was last quarter. Last quarter we were looking at about $1 billion, and now we're looking at about $800 million. I think you are aware that we have projects in the U.S. where we were adding some capacity. Those things are like a harvester. That capacity will be in place by the end of March. Waterloo, there we have slowed down some of the rates of increase. We had talked about that earlier and we are assessing what we might do going forward. Also, some of that spend relates to Tier-4, and we had talked about that even last year in terms of capital and R&D, and that spend must go forward if we are going to sell tractors that are compliant in 2011. I said Tier-4, I should have said interim Tier-4. There's a chunk of that. And some of that is we are still investing in infrastructure in some of the emerging parts of the world, even though they may have temporarily slowed down. We still see great opportunity there.
Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs: Mike, I'm wondering if on the credit business you can address two issues; one, how do we handicap what might happen with this FDIC request? Are you confident that it's just a process and you'll get through it and there won't be much change? And if you're unable to handicap that for us, what are the alternative funding plans as you look forward out to 2010?
Michael Mack: Relative to handicapping the FDIC, I don't think I can add very much to what Susan said in the opening remarks so I don't want to speak for the FDIC and we'll have to see how that plays out. It's just not resolved at this time. I think the most important conclusion relative to this is we have secured liquidity which handles all of our needs for 2009 and the first quarter already. We've had quite a lot of good success accessing the capital markets. We've done that through a variety of funding alternatives, some which we had not had in the past. For example, this conduit, we had a different kind of conduit before, but this is a new one. We have more capability there. We could also access some other alternatives which we're going to be looking at here in the next few months. So I think we have very good capabilities for accessing the capital markets this year as well as next year, and I think that reduces that risk in that area.
Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs: That other alternatives comment you just made, does that refer to securitization receivables? Is that maybe the AVS markets get some benefits from stimulus and you get more active there, or what do you mean by that comment?
Michael Mack: I don't think it requires any kind of stimulus to get there. We can get there with what we have right now. We have already another $2.2 billion capability in CP. We have more capacity that's available in receivable conduits. We have the ability to access medium term note markets I think in both Europe and the United States.  We have other alternatives on top of that as well, so I think we're in very good shape. Plus, we're starting as you know, this is a record level of cash for our company for all time, right now. 
Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs: Can you update us as to where we are with the investment in wind and when we might start to see some profits from those investments coming through?
Marie Ziegler: We are continuing to right now for wind, finish out those things we had commitments on. Actually with last quarter's call we talked about the fact that we had put the breaks on many new projects, so we're just finishing out those projects that we had started. Current guidance for financial services is about $100 million and the bulk of that is wind. As those projects come on, as we slow frankly putting on some new ones, we will start to see that business turn profitable. It's actually an incremental contributor this year, but I don't have a specific time to share publicly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: What's your forecast this year for FX translation on operating income and in terms of what are you forecasting for absorption relative to, I'm just trying to compare that with what you did last quarter.
Marie Ziegler: For translation, now you know there's transaction and translation. Translation, our guidance would be $125 million to $175 million negative impact on operating profit. In terms of absorption, last year we had because of the build in inventories and receivables, we had a favorable $250 million pre-tax benefit.  This year, because we're not looking for a significant decline in inventory and receivables, we're looking for a slight negative and it would $15 million pre-tax.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: You mentioned in the slides benefits from the stimulus and in particular in Construction and Forestry side, I know it's a depressing year this year, but do you have any anecdotal evidence from your dealers that this at least puts a floor on current things? Do you think this is incremental? I understand it's 2010, but just what you're hearing anecdotally and whether your dealers are positive about this in Construction and Forestry or it's just sort of a, at least things don't get worse.
Marie Ziegler: Anecdotally what we've heard is that they're encouraged. I think they're waiting to see some actual budgeting authority. We have been in communications with our Construction and Equipment dealers about the particulars of the bill and we're providing them with information so that they can make good business decisions in terms of going after some additional things. But frankly, none of that. There's very little money that get's spent this year, at least that's what people expect, so it will be awhile before that money comes. 
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: I don't care about 2009. I was just thinking about potential for 2010.
Marie Ziegler: We're hopeful but I think hopeful, things have just gotten passed, and people have yet to see anything. comes. very little money that get's spent this year, at least that's what people expect, so it will be awhile before that money We're just very early.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Just to understand your Construction and Forestry forecast, you're now saying down 24% and I think in your press release you commented a lot of that was related to Forestry. I just wanted to make sure I understood that correct. I'm just surprised. It's a relatively small part of your Forestry division and that market has been so depressed anyway, unless I misinterpreted it.
Marie Ziegler: Actually, about two-thirds of our Forestry business in outside the U.S. and Canada and our outlook last time was they'd be down for that part of the industry segment, maybe down 5% to 10%, and as Susan said, it's down about 50% so it was really a dramatic change there. But she also said the outlook for every construction geography declined.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Dowd  Bernstein.
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: I wanted to follow up on the input cost issues. The guidance, if I'm reading this correctly seems to suggest that the incremental input costs in Q3 and Q4 are actually going to be flat year on year.
Marie Ziegler: Flat to down, yes.
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: Are you seeing something in commodity markets or transport costs that lead you to believe there's no benefit on the back end of the year on input costs?
Marie Ziegler: Our current guidance does take into account transport, a reduction in transport costs, so I think that's already fully factored in. 
Michael Mack: If you look at spot prices right now, certainly they're going down but there is a certain amount of lag effect that occurs because of the way commodities are purchased not just by ourselves but by our suppliers or several layers into that. So there's a, I would describe it as having a lag effect that takes place both when prices go up as well as go down, so I think that's what you were seeing more than anything else.
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: Perhaps I'm misunderstanding from the guidance. It looked to me that you're guiding now to between $400 million and $500 million across the year in incremental input costs. You had $275 million in incremental costs in Q1, and you're guiding I think to between $200 million and $225 million. That implied you're basically flat compared to Q3 and Q4 of '08 and Q3 and Q4 of '09.
Marie Ziegler: Flat to down $100, yes.
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: Which seems awfully conservative. So you're not seeing anything in particular other than the fact that it takes awhile for these issues to roll through your income statement.
Marie Ziegler: Yes. This number had gotten a significant amount of attention, and that is our best estimate.
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: A quick question on the balance sheet. Can I ask you to talk strategically where you think you should take the balance sheet for your equipment business and also for the financial services business over the next say 24 months? Are the current leverage ratios the right place to stay or do you see is it appropriate to be changing those things in this context?
Michael Mack: Let me take them one at a time. I think with respect to the equipment operations, our leverage is significantly less than the target would be described at S&P and Moody's relative to a mid single A. In fact if you look across a whole host of operating metrics, where we are, they would suggest we would even be in ranges of double A or better on a lot of these so I think single A is very secure where we are. In fact, at the end of the year, we're basically net net zero for equipment operations. So I think we're in very good shape there with our leverage. With respect to the financial services, we have reduced our leverage here about a quarter ago with the capital infusion, and it is our plan to not pay dividends from the credit company for the balance of this year, so we've taken our leverage down over the course of the year to I think about 7.5 to 1 for the world wide credit operations by the end of this year.  Having had extensive discussions with the rating agencies on this point as well, we feel quite comfortable and confident relative to that plan for leverage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital.
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital: I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about your expectations for write offs and how others are going to trend going forward by receivables. I see that we're already kind of prior peaks in the CC and C&E business, but if you could talk about what the expectations are for Construction and Forestry, adds clearly trending very attractively.
Marie Ziegler: I'm not at liberty to give it to you by product line. I can tell you that our current estimate is that write offs will run at 57 basis points. Our previous guidance was 49 basis points, and of course that's basically driven by the Construction, Forestry and Commercial Consumer portfolios.
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital:  Within the Ag business, can you talk a little bit about what you actually saw in the quarter in the regions where you're looking the greatest credit pressures based on credit, particularly in South America and Eastern Europe?
Marie Ziegler: What we actually saw, I'm not sure. In the former Soviet Union, in most of those countries, not all, credit is just very, very difficult to come by and so we were cancelling orders because we simply couldn't get the funding for them. In South America, it's really a mix of issues. Everyone's well aware at least up to this point the severe drought, and that has affected Argentina and has moved into parts of Brazil and I think it's Uruguay. Credit actually eased, our marketing folks told us eased just a little bit in the quarter, but it's still a very, very difficult situation.
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital: I guess I was more wondering if you've seen the cancellations going forward but revenues were still holding better than the estimate for the full year.
Marie Ziegler: We cut our guidance for South America.
Meredith Taylor  Barclays Capital: I guess I'm just wondering what your expectation is indicated through the year for those reasons, whether there was already a steep drop off in the revenue basis or whether the expectation is still to come.
Marie Ziegler: I would say we had a fairly weak first quarter and I guess I don't know exactly how the numbers play out over the rest of the year, but I think the guidance really reflects to a large degree what we were already experiencing.
Michael Mack: I think with respect to CIS the news is baked in right now in terms of the environment relative to tariffs and availability of input financing and so I don't think there's going to be any kind of news in that regard.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird.
Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: We obviously have pretty good detail on Ag inventory levels in the U.S. but could you give us a view on dealer inventory levels and trends internationally? You took your international production forecast down to negative 17%, but it looks like your international retail demand might even be a little worse than that.
Marie Ziegler: When you look at the tonnage numbers, you need to be careful because the tonnage numbers reflect where the goods are manufactured and not where they are sold. So you get a mixed bag of things going across the ocean. Inventories generally speaking, we've been pretty rapid on the response time so we feel generally pretty good about the level of our inventories.
Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: Was there any special costs related to the shut down of your Canadian facility in the quarter?
Marie Ziegler: Yes. There would have been $11 million in the quarter.
Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: Do you know what segment that was in?
Marie Ziegler: That would be split 60% Ag, 40% Commercial and Consumer.
Operator: Your final question comes from Andrew Casey  Wachovia Capital Markets.
Andrew Casey  Wachovia Capital Markets: Were there any additional fixed cost reduction charges in addition to that plant closures.
Marie Ziegler: There are no other plant closures.
Andrew Casey  Wachovia Capital Markets: The other operating expense increase year over year, is that all currency or is there something else?
Marie Ziegler: It's currency.
Michael Mack: That doesn't reflect every aspect of currency because some of it shows up in cost of sales as well.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you all for participating. As usual, Susan, Justin and I will be around to answer your questions all day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-11-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marie Ziegler - Vice President, Investor Relations Susan Karlix - Manager, Investor Communications Mike Mack, Jr. - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Ann Duignan - JP Morgan Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Henry Kirn - UBS  Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Deeres fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Marie Ziegler, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Marie Ziegler: Good morning. Also on today's call are Mike Mack, our Chief Financial Officer, and Susan Karlix, Justin Merrimac, and Karen Thompson from Deeres Investor Relations staff. Today well take a closer look at Deeres fourth quarter earnings, and then spend a few minutes talking about our markets and our outlook for 2009. After that well open for your questions.  Please note that slides are available to compliment the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com.  First a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere, Thomson Reuters, and third parties. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of this earnings call. Todays call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans, and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise this forward-looking information. The call and the accompanying materials are not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any of the companys securities. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with GAAP, that would be accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Information. Call participants should consider the other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on the call. And now for a closer look at the fourth quarter and our outlook, heres Susan.
Susan Karlix: Today John Deere announced a fifth consecutive year of record net income and a sixth year of record sales. Our agricultural equipment operations did especially well, showing particularly strong growth in emerging parts of the world, such as South America and Russia. For the first time the company saw more than 50% of its AG sales come from markets outside the U.S. and Canada. Equally important, all of our businesses remain solidly profitable for the year in spite of a slowing economy. That, in itself, makes quite a statement about our success holding down costs and squeezing out assets. We are looking for another good performance in 2009 although, as noted in the earnings release, the volatility of todays global financial market makes the forecasting process even more uncertain than usual. Lets turn now to our review of the fourth quarter, starting with Slide 3. Net income for the quarter was $345.0 million on record fourth quarter equipment sales of $6.7 billion. The quarter included a charge for the closure of our factory in Welland, Ontario, Canada, as outlined in Slide 4. The approximately $35.0 million after-tax charge was not included in the earnings guidance provided in last quarters call on August 13. In the September release announcing the closing we estimated the total after-tax cost would be approximately $90.0 million, half in 2008 and the remainder in 2009. Primarily because of currency translation, the charge in the quarter turned out to be about $10.0 million lower than we expected and the total cost is now projected to be less as well, approximately $65.0 million after tax. The cost is shared on a 60/40 basis by the AG and Commercial & Consumer Equipment divisions. Turning to Slide 5, total world-wide equipment operations net sales were up 24% compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. Currency translation was neutral and there were about 3 points of price realization. On Slide 6, world-wide production tonnage was up 24% in the quarter and 18% for the year. Looking ahead to 2009, world-wide production tonnage is expected to increase 12% in the first quarter and be down about 3% for the full year. As we turn to Slide 7, the global credit crisis has generated an historic amount of uncertainty and volatility. This situation is rapidly evolving and affects our business. The forecast we review today represents our best assessment of the 2009 outlook but you should know it also reflects an unprecedented amount of uncertainty. With that being said, for the first quarter of 2009 we expect company-wide equipment operations net sales to be up about 7%. Included is about 6 points of negative currency translation and about 5 points of price realization. Net income is expected to be approximately $275.0 million in the quarter, reflecting difficult markets in Construction & Forestry and Commercial &Consumer Equipment.  For the full year, net equipment sales are forecast to be flat, compared with fiscal year 2008. This includes about 6 points of negative currency translation and about 7 points of price realization. We have taken several pricing actions over the past few months aimed at restoring cost/price ratios to levels of early 2008. We believe the pricing being forecast will allow us to reach this goal over the course of 2009. The current outlook for net income is approximately $1.9 billion for the full year. Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with Agricultural Equipment on Slide 8. Todays earnings announcement describes the major items affecting financial results. Lets look at two of the factors.  First, AG did incur higher than forecast material cost in the quarter, approximately $80.0 million more than projected in August. This simply reinforces the fact that the underlying commodity markets are volatile and extremely hard to predict. The AG division operating profit also includes a charge of approximately $30.0 million due to the factory closing that we talked about earlier. Despite these factors operating profit increased 23% to $476.0 million, reflecting the very strong retail activity in most markets. Lets take a look at some of the economic assumptions that underlie our AG forecast. Projected commodity prices are on Slide 9. You can see we have included our first look at commodity prices for the 2009/2010 crop year. Commodity prices remain very attractive. You can see this more clearly on Slide 10. It shows that forecast prices, though down from recent levels, are higher than the past several years. Further, they are at levels that permit our farm customers to earn a good return. Slide 11 is provided by our consultant, Informa. It highlights variable production costs for 2009 versus 2008. In looking at the numbers, bear in mind that these estimates reflect current input costs. They do not attempt to account for where, say, fertilizer prices might be in the spring. Even so, current commodity levels permit farmers to remain comfortable profitable, as illustrated in the lower table. As shown on Slide 12, U.S. farm cash receipts for 2008 and 2009 are at good levels and up significantly from most recently as 2007. This is an important point since farm cash receipts are the single most important determinate of farm equipment purchases. Our outlook for industry sales of agricultural equipment in the U.S. and Canada, as shown on Slide 13, is up approximately 5% in fiscal 2009. The increase is being led by higher sales in large tractors and combines, partially offset by lower industry sales for cotton equipment, small tractors, and equipment commonly used by livestock producers. Small tractors tend to be popular with the general customer segment that has been hurt by the economic slump, and livestock producers have taken a sizeable hit to their profitability, largely because of higher feed costs. Our outlook for large equipment remains strong as retail orders in the U.S. and Canada, for many products, 8000 and 9000 series tractors, combines, sprayers, pillage, and seeding equipment, continue to build and are running higher than year-ago levels. In the fourth quarter retail orders for 8000 and 9000 series tractors grew by 25% and 15% respectively. We have added additional production and shifted build schedules to try to better meet customer requirements. Still, for 8000s, effective availability is into July of next year and into September for 9000s. For combines, retail orders are over 50% higher than levels of a year ago and now cover roughly 90% of expected 2009 retail sales. Finally, in the U.S. and Canada, we have not seen any unusual order cancellation activity. Lets turn now to South America where our outlook is for the industry to be down 10% to 20% in fiscal 2009. Major factors weighing on the region are access to credit in Brazil and the drought conditions that plagued Argentina early in the planting season. As shown on Slide 14, there is a relatively large range in forecast farm net income for 2009, illustrating the extent of the market uncertainty in this part of the world. Slide 15 gives you an indication of the difficult credit situation in Brazil. Last year soybean farmers provided about 25% of their own crop input funding. This year it is twice as much, at 50%. Slide 16 outlines key variables we are watching in Europe. The important message is that these markets are still at good levels. Moving to Slide 17, in Western Europe retail orders for tractors and combines are up double digits over levels of a year ago and we have seen no unusual cancellation activity. In some key countries, however, the credit crisis has hurt customer confidence and could affect retail activity in the second half of the year. Therefore, our initial industry outlook for Western Europe is down 5% to 10%. The outlook for Central Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States countries, including Russia, is down moderately in 2009. Demand in these areas remains good but the level of sales we achieve will depend on the access to, and the cost of, credit. So putting this all together, on Slide 18, the outlook for the sale of John Deere farm machinery and services in 2009 is up about 5%. Currency translation is negative by about 8 points. Turning to our Commercial & Consumer Equipment business on Slide 19, reported net sales were down 11% in the quarter. Operating profit was negative $16.0 million, reflecting about $20.0 million for the factory closing and an additional approximately $20.0 million in higher material costs.  Production tonnage was up 14% in the quarter in comparison with relatively low production levels in the fourth quarter of 2007. At that time the division was in the process of an unusually large number of new product introductions and was managing inventories and production accordingly. Before leaving 2008, it is important to note that although market conditions have been difficult, the division has benefited from several successful new product launches. As a result, C&CE is well position to compete successfully in a number of important product categories. Moving to the outlook on Slide 20, for fiscal 2009 net sales are projected to be down about 6%. The business continues to be affected by the housing slump and recessionary economic conditions but new products, like the 3E Series Compact Utility Tractor, and a broader number of SKUs in the retail channel will soften the economic impact to a certain extent. Lets focus now on Construction & Forestry on Slide 21, where net sales were up 3% in the quarter. Operating profit, though, was down $45.0 million, virtually all due to higher raw material costs of approximately $50.0 million. Production tonnage was down 10%. Slide 22 depicts the excellent job Construction & Forestry has done running the business and managing assets in this extremely challenging market. This is no accident. The divisions well-defined trough management plan is a benchmark in our company. Every one of our businesses is on the lookout for ways to operate more efficiently and respond to any possible downturn in demand. On Slide 23, we see the impact of tough economic factors on C&F sales. Negative factors include housing starts in the range of $600,000 to $700,000, the lowest level since 1945, non-residential spending down 15% and GDP growth of negative 1%. Also, forestry markets in Europe and Russian, which have been strong to date, are weakening and forecast to be down 30% in the year ahead. For the division as a whole, we expect Construction & Forestry net sales to be down about 12% in 2009. One thing that will help the division is the number of exciting new products coming to market in 2009. These include the E-series harvesters and forwarders, K-series loaders, and G-series graders. Even though present market conditions are challenging, Construction & Forestry has taken two important steps to grow its global footprint and position the division for the long term, as seen on Slide 24. Our excavator joint venture with XCG closed in June. This is an important first step for Deere in one of the worlds largest and fastest growing construction market.  Whats more, the Chinese governments $500.0 billion plus stimulus plan, announced earlier this month, adds further support to this market. The plan is aimed at highway, railroad, and airport infrastructure spending. Two months ago we announced a second move into the construction markets outside the U.S. and Canada with our intent to form a joint venture in India with Ashok Leyland. India is the worlds largest market for backhoes. Initial production is planned for 2010. Moving now to our credit operations, beginning on Slide 25. Many of you arent as familiar with our credit operations so I am going to spend a bit of time describing the business. Just under 70% of the world-wide credit portfolio is AG related, with 20% being Construction & Forestry, the remainder C&CE.  On Slide 26, 75% of the portfolio is U.S.-based, 60% of the portfolio is installment financing, and close to 20% wholesale floor path plan financing is extended to Deere dealers. Slide 27 illustrates the low provision for credit losses we have experienced. Even today, the current provision is running well below its ten-year average. This reflects strong farmer cash flows, AG and C&CE dealer reserves, rigorous underwriting standards, robust collection practices, and strong used-equipment values. Now we are going to shift gears and look at the loss experience of John Deere Capital Corporation, the U.S.-funding arm of John Deere Credit. We are focusing on JDCC on the next two slides, because of the organizations long credit experience and its own public financial filings. What we are showing in John Deere Capital Corporations experience with retail notes, 60-days past due, and write-offs for the AG and the Construction portfolios. We are including them to give you a picture of the excellent credit quality of the assets. The AG portfolio on Slide 28 has experienced very low write-offs, averaging about 12 basis points over the last 10 years. Even during the very difficult 1980s, losses were quite low, reflecting the excellent credit quality of the portfolio over time. On Slide 29, in 2008, despite the tough market conditions, the C&F portfolio performed in line with historical averages. The bottom line is that our loan portfolios are in really good shape. Moving back to our world-wide credit operations now, as seen on Slide 30, fourth quarter net income was about $67.0 million. That was roughly $10.0 million below the implied guidance for the quarter. The difference was due to a slight compression in our spread due to the current interest rate environment. Our loss experience was in line with our projections. Credit net income for fiscal 2009 is expected to be about $300.0 million. Before moving to retail sales, lets review receivables and inventory. On Slide 31, consolidated trade receivables and inventory ended higher than a year ago, basically accounted for by the AG division. AG ended the year with higher inventory and receivables, reflecting three items. One, the strength of our market. Two a layer of additional inventories to support higher production schedules in the first quarter. This is being driven by the strength of the retail order book in places like the U.S., Canada, Western Europe, and Australia. And finally, a layer of inventories to support emerging markets. The 2009 year-end forecast calls for inventories and trade receivables to be down in C&CE and C&F and up about $125.0 million in AG. Although trade receivables and inventories have increased year-over-year Slide 32 clearly shows that they remain well aligned with the level of sales activity. Now lets discuss the latest on retail sales. Slide 33 presents the product category detail for the month of October, expresses in units. Utility tractor industry sales were down 9%. Deere was down a low double digit. Row-crop industry sales were up 19%. Deere was up more than the industry. Four-wheel drive industry sales were down 9%. Deere was down double digits. Combine industry sales were up 38%. Deere was up triple digits. On Slide 34 you see that for row-crop tractors Deere ended October with inventories at 11% of trailing 12-month sales, combine inventories were at 2% of sales. Turning to Slide 35, in Western Europe, sales of John Deere tractors were flat with combines down a single digit in October. And on Slide 36, Deeres retail sales of commercial and consumer equipment in the U.S. and Canada were down a low double digit in the month. Construction & Forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada were down a single digit on a first-in-the-dirt basis, and flat on a settlement basis. Before moving to housekeeping, I would like to touch on some specific actions Deere has taken to strengthen liquidity. On Slide 37, the company has maintained access to the commercial paper market throughout these volatile past eight weeks. Not only have we been in the market on a daily basis, we have been able to place approximately $700.0 million each week. The average term of the portfolio is about 25 days and the majority of the outstandings mature after December 31. Commercial paper outstandings are 100% backed by a $4.5 billion credit facility. As of November 21, we had approximately $1.7 billion in excess capacity and this facility has not been drawn upon. Given the current global market and financial environment to be prudent we have two actions. First, at the end of October Deere & Co. made a $400.0 million capital infusion to John Deere Capital Corporation, and second, we are currently not repurchasing shares. Slide 38 shows our raw material and logistics cost increases of approximately $305.0 million in the fourth quarter versus the implied guidance of approximately $200.0 million. This brought the total increase for the full year to about $550.0 million. This is well above our August 13 guidance of $425.0 million to $475.0 million. It affirms how volatile the commodity markets have been in recent months and how difficult it is to project the impact of rapidly changing costs. Looking ahead to 2009, our forecast calls for material price increases in the range of $500.0 million to $900.0 million. That is a sizeable range but we think it is warranted for a couple of reasons. First, the extreme volatile swings in commodity prices that have occurred over the past year have made projecting costs very challenging. Second, recall or material cost increases were back-end loaded in 2008. They significantly lagged the commodity market on the way up and will do so again on the way down. We continue to work with our suppliers, however, and if commodity prices remain down we could see cost increases in the lower end of the range for the year. As to how we are covering these higher costs, we have taken several pricing actions affecting virtually all of our products in an effort to restore our cost/price ratios. As mentioned earlier, we are projecting about 7 points of price realization for 2009. Now lets turn to housekeeping, looking at R&D expense on Slide 40, R&D increase 17% in the fourth quarter and about 15% for the full year of 2008. For fiscal 2009 R&D expenses are expected to increase about 5% with continuing investment in new products and interim tier-4 across the enterprise. SA&G expense for the equipment operations was flat in the fourth quarter but about 5 points came from global growth initiatives, primarily in AG. Currency translation was negligible. For fiscal 2008 SA&G expense increased about 13% over 2007 with about 9 points of the increase coming from global growth initiatives and currency translation. In 2009 we project SA&G to be up about 2 points, of the increased growth initiative, virtually all AG related, account for 3 points. Currency is a negative 2 points. We are working hard on containing costs throughout our traditional equipment operations. Currency translation will have a negative impact on 2009 operating profits of about $100.0 million to $150.0 million. Regarding the tax rate, on Slide 42, during the fourth quarter the effective tax rate was approximately 41%. The rate is higher than expected in the quarter due to three factors, the geographic mix of income, distributions of non-U.S. income, partially offset by the R&D tax credit passed in early October. As can be seen on Slide 43, capital expenditures for the equipment operation were approximately $773.0 million in 2008. Depreciation and amortization was approximately $484.0 million and we contributed about $430.0 million to pension and OPEB. Financial services capital expenditures were approximately $339.0 million in the year, mostly attributable to wind. Turning to Slide 44, for fiscal 2009 we anticipate capital expenditures running about $1.0 billion, depreciation and amortization about $525.0 million, and we anticipate spending roughly about $170.0 million for benefit plan payments. Financial services capex will be about $125.0 million in 2009, primarily wind. As shown on Slide 46, we repurchased about 5.0 million shares in the quarter bringing the fiscal year 2008 total to about 21.0 million shares. Actual shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were 422.3 million. You can also see the history of share repurchases since 2004. Looking ahead we believe that John Deere is positioned for a solid year in 2009 in spite of present economic uncertainties. The farm economy, especially in North America, remains strong and our performance will benefit from steps taken in recent years to keep our businesses on a more profitable footing in all types of market conditions. Finally, the same positive fundamentals that helped drive the last five years of record financial performance havent gone away. They remain largely intact. These encompass trends such as growing demand for grain and renewable fuels and an increasing need over time for shelter and infrastructure.  The current economic slowdown may affect the rate at which these developments move ahead but they remain valid, as valid today as they were a year at this time. As a result, we have no doubt that Deere remains in a prime position to benefit from these factors and to compete successfully in todays volatile market.
Marie Ziegler: We are now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. As a reminder, in consideration of others, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have additional questions we ask that you rejoin the queue.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Im just trying to get a little more color on your assumptions behind material costs for 2009. The wide range of $500.0 million to $900.0 million. I would assume that material costs should be less of a headwind in 2009, given where material costs have gone, so Im trying to figure out why. Are there any major contracts that are locked into 2009 and is that hurting you and why arent we going back and trying to renegotiate with the buyers?
Marie Ziegler: As you are thinking about material costs, recall that last year our cost increases for 2008 have been very much back-end loaded. We were like $50.0 million in the first quarter, $50.0 million in the second quarter, and then like $140.0 million and then $305.0 million in this quarter.  So what you are seeing is really the effect of a pretty significant lag on the way up and then a corresponding on the way down. That is the primary driver. We dont have a lot of activity, specifically, that would be locked in for 2009 yet. In fact, we are still negotiating our steel contracts and those would expire in January.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Are there any other major contracts that you are renegotiating now other than steel?
Marie Ziegler: I think it is fair to observe that, again, with the pretty significant lag, that the pricing on our contracts does move with the market but it moves at a lagged pace and again, that really is the effects of what you are seeing in 2009.
Mike Mack, Jr.: If you look at the forecast for the coming year from the various experts, there is a tremendous range between people like the AMM on the one hand and global impact on the other. Quite a big variance in expectations.
Marie Ziegler: To build on what Mike said, in the second half of the year, depending on whose forecast you are looking at, sheet steel could be anywhere from $500 to $900 a ton.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: So its fair to assume you are taking a conservative approach to your material costs forecast.
Marie Ziegler: I will let you draw that conclusion. But we also would tell you that the wide range really does reflect a period of unusual volatility that we have been in.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: The $500.0 million to $900.0 million, does that, given the lag approach, should we see most of that hit in the first half of the year versus second half?
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely. Like we were very low in terms of the rate of increase last year in the first part, this year you would expect to see pretty significant increases in the first and second quarters and then tapering off.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan - JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: On the revenue outlook guidance, AG revenues were up 43% in Q4 and yet for the full year 2009 expecting about 5%. Can you talk about the revenues particularly given the strength you are continuing to see in North America and then a bit more color on how you expect Brazil or South America to roll out, given not only do you have crops down there but you also have sugar cane and do you have government programs to help support equipment sales on the small farm size.
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely. As you think about the AG division revenues, do bear in mind that there is, for 2009, a currency impact of about 8 points. So you might, if you were going to try to neutralize for that, you would be looking at sales guidance that would be up more like 13%. So youve got the currency impact. In terms of how the year plays out, clearly from what Susan said about the North American order AG book, big tractor sales looks pretty good, well into the year. She did reference, though, in Western Europe, where we have very solid order books in the first part of the year, we know that there are some countries where access to credit is developing and there is less confidence and so as we move into next year we are more cautious about that. We talked about the former Soviet Union, which has certainly been a market where we have seen a significant amount of growth, there we are talking sales being down moderately, although there is a great demand for agricultural equipment, access to credit and the cost has certainly had an impact on our farm customers there. And then South America, again the guidance for the industry, down 10% to 20%, heavily influenced by what is happening in Brazil. And while there is certainly good government support, just access to credit for operating inputs has taken its toll, and in some crops you are seeing a significant compression in margin. And then Argentina, another key market in that part of the world, we have seen that market slow as the result of dry weather activity in the early part of the planting season and in pockets it is still quite dry there, so were really pretty cautious.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: So is it fair to say when you put all of that together that you are, at this point at least, forecasting negative growth in the back half of the year in AG?
Marie Ziegler: I would say slightly. Again, you have got to take into account currency, but yes.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: On your comment on the fact that you are not repurchasing shares, I understand that and think that is the prudent thing to be doing in this environment, however, maybe you could give us some color in terms of what would be the catalyst that you would need to see in order to get back into the market and repurchase shares? How do we think about it from a forecasting standpoint for 2009?
Mike Mack, Jr.: We have talked about this a little bit before and we have been very reluctant in the past to provide time tables or forecasts on share repurchase and I think we are going to continue that tradition. We think it provides more flexibility. We can reaffirm that we are not currently repurchasing shares but I am not going to be able to provide you much more color about our intentions as to a time table or the catalyst.
Ann Duignan - JP Morgan: Let me ask it another way. As you look at your capital allocation, are there any other projected or forecast capital spending projects that you are considering revisiting, given the current environment?
Mike Mack, Jr.: We talked about the capital investments on wind are being reduced and I think thats probably the most important one that would stand out. We are spending on the equipment side, particularly in the AG division, reflecting investments for new products, interim tier-4, and also reflecting our overall view of the prospects in the AG business. I think they are pretty flat in the other divisions in terms of capital investments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: On South America, and in particular in Brazil, do you see risks in the upcoming harvester season or is it only post the harvest the farmers havent got the good crop, that tractor sales could fall so its really a back-end loaded risk?
Marie Ziegler: I will answer for South America generally. We are seeing already a slowing in the market so it is really not only a back half phenomenon. We are seeing some immediate slowing.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: And is that on combines, that I would think had been ordered a long time ago, or is that tractors?
Marie Ziegler: On both products.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: The only thing that was a real surprise was North America up 5% for the industry in 2009. You say large stuff is growing, small stuff is shrinking and your order books are obviously very strong in the larger equipment, so the difference between your strong order books and the up 5%, which is not terrible but not incredibly strong, is that simply the large/small mixed? Is that maybe capacity constraints for the industry? Is that risk of a downturn late in the year?
Marie Ziegler: It really reflects mostly mix. Again, youre seeing good levels of activity in the industry. But frankly, not the same rate of gain that certainly we would have seen last year. I cant speak for industry capacity, for Deere we do have additional capacity coming on line in big combines, for example, but its not available yet. It will be available as we move into calendar 2009, so you dont have a full year availability of that capacity. And if you will recall, at Waterloo, although we actually ordered machine tools almost a year ago in some cases, the capacity wont fully be available to us until we get into 2010. So there is a little bit of effect there, but the bottom line is mostly just the mix, from the fact that the small stuff is very weak.
Operator: Your next question comes from Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: You did say you are not buying shares now, is that correct.
Mike Mack, Jr.: Correct.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: The forecast for Brazil, South America, down 10% to 20%, thats a unit forecast or is there currency involved in that?
Marie Ziegler: Im glad you asked that question. It gives me an opportunity to clarify. When we give you our industry outlook, it is dollar-weighted, but it strips out any effect of price and it strips out any effect of currency, so we are looking strictly at volumes, but it is not in units.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Can you talk about your 7% price assumption for the year? Its hard to believe there is going to be much pricing in Construction & Forestry or the CCE business, so it implies that all the pricing is in AG. Is that correct? And you did announce 10% price increases for both tractor and combines. Are those holding and thats why we get 7% for the weighted?
Marie Ziegler: Let me start, your assumption is not correct. We do have price increases in Commercial & Consumer and in Construction & Forestry, but candidly, the rates of gain are probably not as high as they would be on the AG side.  When you think about pricing, remember that you are looking at pricing for the full company, for the full division, the prices you cited are for big product, big tractors, big combines. There is not very much price increase on the small side of the house, small tractors, etc. So you are looking at mix.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: But its fair to say that virtually the bulk of the pricing of the 7% for the year is driven by the AG business?
Marie Ziegler: That is certainly fair.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: Your CCE sales forecast volume is up 6% but your tonnage is down.
Marie Ziegler: Wait. CCE is down 6%.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: And tonnage is down 10%. Are we implying that we are liquidating a lot of inventory?
Marie Ziegler: Remember that roughly 30% of the division is landscapes and obviously they have no tonnage because they are not manufacturing equipment. So you do get a little bit of mix there. And the tonnage numbers are a guide that helps you understand what is happening on our manufacturing but it is difficult to translate those numbers into sales. And frankly, thats why we no longer provide you our forecast guidance just based on tonnage, why we switched to sales.
Eli Lustgarten - Longbow Securities: You are cutting your wind spending for this year versus last year?\
Marie Ziegler: For 2009, that is correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Could you talk a bit about the guidance for the capital business and then how you are thinking about leverage longer term? If we look at the guidance down about 10% in earnings year-over-year, with the fourth quarter down 30%, which was below your expectations or implied guidance on a tighter spread profile, why are we only down 10% next year if the run rate going into the year is a lot worse than that and obviously the credit market is still pretty tough.
Marie Ziegler: There was a capital infusion that was made late in October of $400.0 million and that will help reduce the expenses of the credit operation.
Mike Mack, Jr.: In terms of the run rate I would say some of these things that will not be recurring. They had an impact of FX that was really related to the foreign exchange shock that occurred in October as a consequence of the credit crisis, which with some currencies it was pretty substantial. So some of these things, I think, will not be recurring.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Are you implying on that FX comment that you had a hedge that worked against you?
Marie Ziegler: No, it actually has to do with re-valuing payables. And actually it is a factor in the quarter but its pretty small for the credit company.
Mike Mack, Jr.: Most of that is equipment operation. But going back to the leverage question, this takes our leverage back to what it was not very long ago, actually, almost to where it was about a year ago and I think we did that because we thought it was prudent given the current environment. We may modify that if circumstances change in the future but we think this makes more sense. In terms of what the leverage is then at October for the world-wide credit, I think its about 7.9 to 1.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: If you go back to 2002 you are more like 5.5 to 1. Are you hearing across a lot of different [break in audio] sustained shift in leverage down a lot lower than 8 to 1? Is that not something that is kind of inevitable for you?
Mike Mack, Jr.: I dont think I would necessarily agree with that. We did this on our own, first of all. This is not something that anyone asked us to do. Our losses are exceedingly low. If you look at the losses on the portfolio we talked about, I think that they are something that leverage makes a lot of sense with given where the losses are in the portfolio.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: So you think 8 to 1 in the new credit world we are in could be sustainable for you?
Mike Mack, Jr.: Right now we think that is a very appropriate level.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Can you just tell us what your loss assumptions are for in the 2009 guidance?
Marie Ziegler: For credit, this year we ran about 0.35% and for 2009 we think we will probably be around 0.5%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Henry Kirn  UBS.
Henry Kirn - UBS : Could you talk a bit about how you view the age the AG [inaudible] U.S., South America, and Europe? We just came off a really good year, how do you view replacement demand at this point and how much ability does the farmer customer have to age the fleet? Is there any pressure from them needing to replace?
Marie Ziegler: I dont have the statistics out of other parts of the world, but in the United States a few years ago we were looking at an average age of about 17 years. A survey ago, like two years ago, it was like 19 years and its now 20 years. So the average age has gone up. But we dont do our projections based on replacement demand. We really project in parts of the world based on income. And obviously in the current environment we have to take into consideration access to credit, which is something we havent had to be concerned about as much historically. And thats why, like in the U.S., it is so significant that we see very good levels of good farm cash receipts this year and next year because we know that that drives next years equipment purchases. And you know that for big equipment the order books look extremely good. The volatility you see potentially in the earnings of farmers for next year in Brazil and Argentina, and in addition to the difficult access to credit in Brazil, influence our outlook and explain why we would be looking at more of like a down 10% to 20% there.
Henry Kirn - UBS : And globally, as we have seen now some pressure on the AG markets, have you seen your competitors follow your lead in holding the price increases or have you started to see evidence of discounting?
Marie Ziegler: I would not be able to comment about our competitors. Again, our forecast has for the company positive price realizations of 7 points.
Henry Kirn - UBS : Some of the global construction equipment players have seen their share prices fall pretty strongly. At this point, if you are looking to grow your global construction footprint, would you consider doing that by acquisition?
Mike Mack, Jr.: I dont think we have too much to comment on today. You are familiar with these relatively modest size investments we made in China and India this past year and I think thats the kind of thing that fits into our scheme.
Marie Ziegler: I think it also important to note that as we look at our investment opportunities, bear in mind that we are looking for a 20% operating return on operating assets on average over time. And thats a pretty good benchmark.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities.
Andrew Casey - Wachovia Securities: On the outlook, if I exclude pricing, currencies, incremental material cost, higher R&D and lower credit, and then the remainder of the plant closure, Im getting a fairly headwind in cost per share, somewhere in the $0.75 to $1.40 range. The math may be a little off but it seems as if Im missing something. Is there somewhere where you are expecting extra costs to come from?
Marie Ziegler: Im going to be pretty blunt on the raw material cost. We have a very large range and probably would be biased to the upside of the range. We do have some absorption as we take down inventories. When we report to you we are reporting a combination of inventories and receivables but that hit, that absorption impact, is projected at about $130.0 million so it would be significant. The other thing is currency. And this is the translation of our operating profit from overseas units. And Susan had mentioned the impact on operating profit there being $100.0 million to $150.0 million and so that is fairly significant. And maybe the other thing is you heard the capacity expansion, we have got capital expenditures still targeted at about $1.0 billion in the equipment operations. And as you add that capacity you do encounter some inefficiencies in the near term because you have got additional people working to get the product out, you are having to shift things around in the factory. So that is probably a bit of a factor, too.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access.
Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: Given the importance in your fiscal 2009 outlook of AG, and particularly U.S. AG, obviously government policies are crucial in your thinking and although you didnt state it I wondered if you could just talk for a couple of moments about your thoughts about the new administrations attitude on ethanol and wind and how that is affecting your forecast?
Marie Ziegler: At least on the campaign trail, President-Elect Obama certainly was very supportive of renewable fuels, renewable energy, so that would be all I can add at this point. But he would appear to be very supportive of it.
Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: Obviously that is a huge market for row-crop farmers, particularly corn farmers. So that is baked in your assumptions that there will be continuing strong support for ethanol?
Marie Ziegler: That certainly would appear to be case and additionally baked into our assumptions is the fact that we have still about 2.0 billion gallons of ethanol capacity that is under construction and is yet to come on. And actually in the last quarter we saw just nearly 2.0 billion of capacity in ethanol in the U.S. come on line in production.
Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: And about the wind tax credit, can you comment?
Marie Ziegler: The production tax credit was extended in early October and it runs now through the end of December of 2009. Our capital investments for wind in 2009 really do not reflect a pull back on our belief in the renewable wind business, but just simply that we are doing that to be prudent in use of our capital in the current environment.
Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: So there is no re-thinking or reduction in your enthusiasm for wind?
Marie Ziegler: No, this really reflects being prudent.
Operator: Your next question comes from Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company.
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: You did a good job walking through past dues and net charge-offs in the credit division, going back through past cycles, but could you give us some color on what sort of effect delays or cancellations have had on your order book as you descend into peaking period and decline in the cycle?
Marie Ziegler: On the call Susan did mention that we had seen just a handful of cancellations in the U.S. and Canada, virtually nothing in Europe. We have seen some in South America and in Eastern Europe, into the former Soviet Union and in that case it really is related to access to credit, which is a very significant issue there. Thats why we called it out in the press release. So our historic experience, and I cant predict the future, but historically once a farmer has made a commitment to purchase, at least in the U.S., is then that they continue through with that decision. Many times the subsequent trade-ins are already lined up so you have got that buying chain already predetermined.
Mike Mack, Jr.: And in the U.S. the access to credit by farmers, in terms of the world banks as well as their own credit companies, its very available for them and so it hasnt had that negative impact here in the United States at all.
Marie Ziegler: And they certainly come into this with their balance sheets in excellent condition.
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: You had $550.0 million in material costs above plan in 2008 and to offset that you would have had to have had 2.1% of price. You are saying pricing would 7% in 2009, which if fully realized on flat sales would be $1.8 billion, or two times the high end of your costs delta estimate. So on the one hand I am surprised that the customers are bearing the brunt of these costs and on the other Im just asking have you assigned your toughest person to go after your suppliers? Because it seems almost a travesty to me in a recession that you cant squeeze post-January 2009 steel contract and others more out of your suppliers and rely less on price in 2009.
Marie Ziegler: Well, first of all, again, our pricing, you must bear in mind the fact that a lot of these costs were back-end loaded. We were not seeing the same kinds of ramp ups in costs in the early part of the spring that you were seeing in the steel markets, for example. So just like as those costs were back-end loaded in 2008, we will see them come down on a back-end loaded basis in 2009. That is the way the business works and thats how our contractors or suppliers honor their commitments to us, we will honor our commitments to them. In terms of the pricing, again, as you think about the pricing, recall that we do have some very significant new product introductions in the Construction & Equipment business and in our Commercial & Consumer Equipment business and certainly in the AG business that helps support the value that we are delivering to our customers, in addition to covering our costs.  The price realization that we are talking about, there is a cost associated with some of the additional features. You have better transmissions and cabs and things like that that our customers are benefitting from.
Operator: Your final question comes from Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: What happened in the quarter, we were given guidance in mid-August, why was it so hard to forecast costs in AG division for 4Q?
Marie Ziegler: Wait a minute. When we look at what really drove the changes for the quarter, it is almost all below the line for operating profit. Because although our raw material costs were a little higher, our price realization came in at 3 points for the company instead of 2 points. Bear in mind the impact of the tax rate, because it did come in higher in the quarter than we had projected, our guidance had been 36% and effectively we were at 41%. More importantly, we had foreign exchange, and again that dealt with re-valuing U.S.-dollar-denominated payables and that effect is about $22.0 million for us. After tax, in the quarter. So that explains the bulk of the miss. And then credit, which we have already talked about, which is the other tenth.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: Going back to the question on the finance side, in terms of the amount of refinancing you have to go into 2009, is the idea that you will have to raise money probably at a higher cost if you will be able to maintain the spread to your customer? Is that the fundamental thought behind your guidance for 2009?
Marie Ziegler: There is a little bit of spread compression, although we have increased our rates to our customers, that there is a little bit of spread compression. The commercial paper markets have been good.
Mike Mack, Jr.: This just reflects the perspective of all in costs across all of our funding sources.
Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: I guess as I think about potential refinancing costs for some of your peers in the industry and also what I hear in terms of people being able to pass on to their customers, it seems that there is a little bit of push back from the customers. And were talking about the cost of financing being up in excess of probably 300 to 500 basis points. And I looking at it correctly in terms of increased cost of financing for medium term notes that you have in the finance side or am I being pessimistic?
Mike Mack, Jr.: The medium term notes are one component of it and they are up some but you have to blend in, as well, the commercial paper the ABF, so this forecast reflects the blended perspective all in cost across all the funding sources.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you all for participating in todays call and at least to our U.S.-based listeners, Happy Thanksgiving.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-08-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marie Ziegler  VP IR Susan Karlix  Manager IR Bill Ratzburg  Director IR Karen Thompson - IR Mike Mack - CFO
Analysts:  Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch David Raso  Citigroup [Henry Kurn]  UBS  Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse Andrew Casey  Wachovia Securities Ann Duignan  JP Morgan Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley Daniel Dowd  Bernstein Seth Weber  Banc of America Securities Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Deeres third quarter earnings conference call. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Marie Ziegler, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Marie Ziegler: Good morning. Also on today's call are Mike Mack, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as Susan Karlix, Karen Thompson, and Bill Ratzburg from the Deere Investor Relations staff. Today well take a closer look at Deeres third quarter earnings, and then spend a few minutes talking about our markets and where things are headed for the remainder of the year. After that well open for your questions.  Please note that slides are available to compliment the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com.  First though a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere, Thomson Reuters, and third parties. Participants in the call including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans, and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and period reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. The call and the company materials are not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any of the companys securities. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with GAAP accounting principals generally accepted in the United States of America. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Call participants should consider the other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on the call. And now for a closer look at the third quarter, heres Susan.
Susan Karlix: Thank you Marie, earlier today John Deere reported another quarter of impressive operating and financial performance. Sales and net income were the highest for any third quarter in the companys history.  Farm conditions remain quite strong throughout the world driving our AG operations at an unprecedented level. In addition, consistent execution is helping our non-AG businesses remain solidly profitable in spite of the slow US economy.  Whats more the big picture still looks good. Farm commodity prices have fallen back recently but it wasnt so long ago that $5 corn and $12 soybeans would have been considered pretty spectacular. Todays grain prices continue to lend strong support to farm incomes worldwide. Also the underlying fundamentals based on increasing global affluence and the worlds growing need for food, fuel and infrastructure remain in tact. They offer great long range promise for our company. John Deere is moving aggressively to capitalize on these exciting trends by making continued investments in new capacity, new products and new businesses.  Starting with slide three you can see that we have continued to invest in growth. To support the strong agricultural equipment markets worldwide and with the outlook strong for some time, the large harvester manufacturing facility in East Moline, Illinois, which ships grain combines around the world will complete a 30% capacity expansion early in 2009. In addition, two acquisitions in the quarter provide scale, customers, products and distribution for John Deere Water Technologies propelling our business to number three globally in agricultural irrigation.  Turning to slide four, this morning Deere reported record third quarter net income of $575 million, the top end of our guidance, on record equipment net sales of approximately $7.1 billion. Even with the challenging material and logistics cost environment net income increased 7% and diluted EPS rose 12%. On slide five, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 18% compared to the third quarter of 2007. About five points related to positive currency translation, there were about two points of price realization as well as about two points from acquisitions in the AG and the commercial and consumer equipment divisions. The remainder is from increased volume. On slide six, you can see that our third quarter production tonnage was up 13%. For the fourth quarter worldwide production tonnage is expected to increase 18%. For the full fiscal year 2008 worldwide production tonnage continues to be forecast at a 17% increase. All are driven by a very strong global market in agriculture.  Regarding our company outlook, lets turn to slide seven. For the fourth quarter of 2008 we expect company-wide equipment operations net sales to be up about 29% including about three points of currency. Net income is expected to be about $425 million in the quarter. For the full year we are now forecasting net equipment sales to be up about 21% compared with fiscal year 2007. This includes about five points of currency and about two points of price realization. In addition there are a total of about two points from acquisitions, including LESCO and those in John Deere Water Technologies.  Turning to a review of our individual businesses, lets start with agricultural equipment on slide eight. While the press release describes the major items affecting financial results let me mention that of the 35% net sales increase in the third quarter currency translation accounted for about eight points. Operating profit increased 47% to $634 million. Looking ahead, global AG fundamentals are very encouraging. Worldwide [inaudible] to use ratios remain at low levels, particularly for corn and wheat. Slide nine portrays our assumptions for yields for key crops planted in the US during the last three years. Yesterday the US DA updated its 2008/2009 crop outlook increasing the US corn yield to 155 bushels per acre, while reducing the mid point of their price range to $5.40. This price is extremely attractive to grain farmers while lessening the burden on livestock producers and consumers.  Slide 10 highlights Deeres projection for the prices of corn, wheat, and soybeans which in spite of recent moderation remain very favorable by historical standards. Deeres forecasted commodity prices are on slide 11. Note the increases for the 2008/2009 crop year from last quarters forecast and the corn price is very similar to the US DAs mid point announced yesterday. The strong markets for crops are driving good levels of farm cash receipts and income globally and as shown on slide 12, note that our forecast for total US farm cash receipts for 2008 and 2009 are considerably higher then our outlook from just one quarter ago and at dramatically increased levels from those of just a few years ago.  We ran yesterdays US DA numbers through our model and the result is a less than 1% difference in 2008 and 2009 cash receipts. All of this translates into an excellent outlook at John Deere not only for tractors and combines, but also for products like sprayers and seeding equipment, and strongly supports our outlook for industry sales of agricultural equipment in the US and Canada as shown on slide 13 which is now up 20% to 25% from last year. In addition our 2008 industry outlook for South America is now up about 40%. One of the previous uncertainties has been eliminated with the resolution to the [inaudible]] situation in Argentina.  Slide 14 compliments the increased industry forecast for South America demonstrating solid farm income in Argentina with a dramatic increase in Brazil.  Slide 15 highlights the strength in the European agricultural market as well. And shown on slide 16 our 2008 industry outlook for Western Europe is now up about 5% for the fiscal year. Demand continues to grow rapidly in Central Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States countries including Russia.  And Australia is recovering from its severe drought with Deere sales there up nicely. So putting this altogether, slide 17 depicts a stronger worldwide outlook for the sale of John Deere farm machinery and services. Net sales are now projected to be up about 38% with currency translation accounting for about eight points of the increase. Just as currency translation will affect net sales; it will also affect forecasted operating profits adding about $150 million for the full year. While we will not have our 2009 outlook for you until the November call, early indications from the field are very encouraging. Retail requests in the US and Canada for many products, including 8000 and 9000 series tractors, combines, sprayers, and seeding equipment are up dramatically from year ago levels.  For example, retail requests for 8000 series tractors affectively put availability into July of next year and into September of next year for 9000. For combines about 70% of expected 2009 retail sales have orders. Though we do not have similar early order programs outside the US and Canada, order positions in the rest of the world show the considerable strength of the global agricultural equipment market. Now it is early, but these results are exciting and confirm to us the great promise of our agricultural business into 2009. Turning to our commercial and consumer equipment business on slide 18, reported net sales were down 1% in the quarter with a five point contribution from LESCO.  Operating profit was $91 million even with production tonnage down 14%. The division continues to manage costs and inventories carefully during these difficult economic times. Moving to the commercial and consumer equipment outlook on slide 19, for fiscal 2008 we continue to expect sales to be up about 4% with LESCO contributing about six points. Portions of the business remain affected by the housing slowdown and general economic conditions. Exciting new product offerings in the market this year, including the Precision Cut fairway mowers, premium homeowner models, and utility vehicles continue to drive customer interest.  Lets now focus on construction and forestry on slide 20, where sales were down 7% in the quarter. In this very demanding time with production tonnage off 15%, operating profit was $93 million or about 8% of sales. The 2008 net sales forecast is down 5% from 2007 as seen on slide 21. Given the challenging market conditions, construction and forestry is aggressively executing its trough management plans including carefully managing assets, producing closely to retail demand and controlling expenses such as R&D and SA&G.  Based on our present outlook we expect construction and forestry to remain solidly profitable for the year.  Moving now to our credit operations as you see on slide 22, credit losses continue to remain low with the current provision running well below its 10 year average demonstrating the quality of John Deeres credit portfolio. Credit third quarter net income was about $80 million as seen on slide 23.  Our forecasted credit net income for fiscal 2008 is now about $335 million versus the previous forecast of about $350 million, with the two primary reasons being a modest impact on crop insurance income from the floods in the Midwestern US and a slightly higher loan loss provision reflecting market conditions in C&CF and C&F.  Before moving on to retail sales, lets review receivables and inventory. Looking at the quarter on slide 24 consolidated trade receivables and inventory ended higher than a year ago. Construction and forestry had a benefit of about $50 million due to the sale of Nortrak South; however, the company increase was basically accounted for by the AG division. Currency comprised about a quarter of the AG divisions change year-over-year. Other items include the two acquisitions of John Deere Water Technologies adding about $150 million, the production start-up in Brazil and the significant growth in markets like Central Europe and the CIS including Russia which require longer shipping time for finished goods.  The majority however is supporting our growing level of sales in Deeres global agricultural business. Although you have seen trade receivables and inventories increase year-over-year, slide 25 clearly demonstrates that the increase continues to be driven by the growing level of sales. Slide 26 shows that our 2008 year end forecast calls for relatively flat inventories and trade receivables in C&CE and C&F. The increase in the AG division is consistent with our larger global footprint and accelerating global business conditions. The division again plans on increasing stocks of raw materials and parts toward the end of 2008, just as we did in 2007, for the higher level of production expected early next year. There also is a forecasted increase of about $150 million due to the John Deere Water Technologies acquisitions. Finally currency accounts for about $160 million of the total year-over-year increase. Now lets discuss the latest on retail sales, slide 27 presents the product category detail for the month of July expressed in units. Utility tractor industry sales were down 7%; Deere was down a single digit but more than the industry.  Grow crop industry sales were up 38%; Deere was up more than the industry. Four wheel drive tractor industry sales were up 49%; Deere was up more than the industry. Combine industry sales were up 31%; Deere was up double-digits but less than the industry.  On slide 28 you see that for row-crop tractors Deere ended July with inventories at 14% of trailing 12 month sales, combine inventories were at 15% of sales. Turning to slide 29 in Western Europe, sales of John Deere tractors were up a single-digit with combines up triple digits in July. And on slide 30 Deeres retail sales of commercial and consumer equipment in the US and Canada were down a single-digit in the month. Construction and forestry sales in the US and Canada were down double-digits on both a first-in-the-dirt and a settlement basis. Before we touch on a few housekeeping items, lets turn to raw material and logistic cost increases as well as pricing actions. Slide 31 shows our raw material and logistic cost increases of about $140 million in the third quarter bringing our year-to-date total to about $250 million. For 2008 the forecast ranges from $425 million to $475 million. For the whole company since we anticipate about two points of price realization for the entire year, in round numbers we should cover our expected cost increases in 2008. However the price realization occurs over the course of the year while approximately one-half of the raw material and logistic cost increases come in the fourth quarter. So our margins will be under pressure as reflected in our fourth quarter 2008 forecast.  Of course we are aggressively pursuing cost reduction activities to mitigate the affects of rising costs as well. But this is a near-term issue as we have taken several pricing actions globally. Here are a few examples from the US.  On large tractors, we took a 3% increase in April of this year and earlier this week we announced another 7% increase on large wheeled tractors. On 2009 combines, we took a 95 to 10.5% increase. In commercial and consumer, prices increased from zero to 6% in late May. In construction and forestry we raised prices zero to 5% in July and yesterday announced increases from 4% to 9% affective November 1st, 2008. The bottom line is our backorder position limited the revenue impact of price increases in 2008. However, with the pricing actions we have taken and our cost reduction efforts, it is our intention to restore our cost price ratio and you should begin to see evidence of this in the first quarter of 2009.  Now lets turn to a few housekeeping items, looking at R&D expense on slide 32, R&D is now expected to increase about 16% in 2008 with continuing investment in new products across the enterprise.  Moving now to slide 33, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 16% in the third quarter, with about seven points of that increase coming from global growth initiatives and currency translation.  Our fiscal year 2008 forecast includes SA&G expense increases of about 16% over 2007 with about 10 points of the expected increase coming from global growth initiatives and currency translation. Regarding the tax rate on slide 34, during the third quarter the effective tax rate was approximately 36%, the same as the rate projected for the full year.  Turning to slide 35 in May, the Board of Directors approved the repurchase of an additional $5 billion of Deere & Company stock demonstrating their confidence in our ability to generate strong cash flows. At the same time investors received the sixth dividend increase since 2004, bringing the cumulative increase to 155%.  As can be seen on slide 36 we have returned about $5.3 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchase since 2004. The amount of 18.5 million shares remain under the current 40 million share repurchase program. This is in addition to the 5 billion authorization approved in May. Actual shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were 427 million. You can also see the history of share repurchases since 2004. Slide 37 provides some additional information related to fiscal year 2008, for equipment operations, capital expenditures are forecasted at about $775 million, depreciation and amortization is expected to be about $475 million and we continue to anticipate funding about $425 million in pension and OPEB contributions over the year. For financial services the forecast for capital expenditures relating to wind is about $275 million in 2008.  Looking ahead John Deere is on the home stretch of another good year. Based on the guidance provided today, we expect 2008 to be our fifth consecutive year of record sales and earnings. Results like these along with our focus on asset management are helping generate strong cash flow, cash flow being returned directly to our shareholders and used for longer range investments in growth. At the same time, the broader global economic environment remains quite favorable for a company like our. All in all, we are confident John Deere is well positioned to continue delivering strong financial performance and high levels of value for both customers and investors well into the future.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you Susan, we are now ready to take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: You were pretty explicit about your expectation for AG equipment, at least production for 2009 and acknowledging youre not giving guidance, wonder if you can take us through your initial thoughts for the construction equipment and forestry business as well as the credit business?
Marie Ziegler: For 2009, we would not have comments available at this time for those businesses. Its premature. 
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: If we just focused then on whats going on in the construction equipment business, looks like you have lowered your production forecast, can you talk about how youre feeling about end markets and inventory position assuming that you take production down here in the fourth quarter, looks like pretty significantly, how do you feel about inventories relative to where retail is heading into 2009?
Marie Ziegler: We actually feel very well positioned with our inventory position as a result in part of the reduction in receivables and inventories we made last year. For those of you who may not recall, we took $250 million out of our inventories over the course of 2007. So we went into 2008 with our inventories fairly well positioned and as evidenced by our guidance with our ending inventories and receivables estimated to just go up about $25 million and candidly that reflects some currency movement more then anything else, we continue to feel well positioned as we head into 2009. 
Mike Mack: On construction and forestry, I think theyre executing according to what our strategy has been all along and that is fundamentally to produce close to retail demand and as we have seen adjustments on the retail side weve tried to get the working capital in line and similarly theyre pulling on the levers of our trough management so that we get the SA&G and other expenses in line so we can maintain our margins through this. I think theyre doing a pretty good job given the external environment were facing. 
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Just to be clear on that, is the lower production forecast now a result of weaker retail in 2008 or a combination of that and a more tempered outlook for 2009?
Marie Ziegler: Again were not going to comment specifically on 2009, its not secret certainly in view of whats happened in the United States that the markets have continued to soften so I think you can attribute our reaction more in line with what were seeing in the markets today. 
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: On the expense revised up, can you talk about where that number is headed and why that revision was made?
Marie Ziegler: Again a little bit of that would really reflect whats happening with currency but as we are continuing to see growth opportunities in the markets and a lot of this candidly is occurring outside the US and Canada, weve got a lot of opportunities there, we are investing resources and thats why you see some of the increases.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: So we should expect that to continue to grow at similar rates here? 
Marie Ziegler: That would get into guidance for 2009 which Im not able to do at this time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: One clarification, tax rate went up to 36%, what caused that, and would the tax rate for 2009 be the same or go back to 35%?
Marie Ziegler: The reason the tax rate went from 35% which was our previous guidance to 36% really is that old word discrete items. It doesnt attribute to any one particular factor. For the outlook for 2009, were actually ourselves still working on our forecast so I wouldnt be able to give you any more precise guidance. 
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: On the AG business in particular, youre talking about very big shipments in the fourth quarter, were some shipments delayed in the third because of bridges being out and the flooding that give us such a big fourth quarter and you indicated the early order plans are very strong for the 8000 and 9000 tractors and the combines, how much more production can you get in 2009 versus 2008 in each of these products and with the price increases that you announced, are the early order plans under the old prices or the new prices? 
Marie Ziegler: In terms of the fourth quarter shipments, we did actually up our tonnage estimates a bit for the full year, for the AG division so in the fourth quarter youre seeing more the impact frankly not of delayed shipments but rather of some higher production. In terms of pricing all of the orders that we have for 2009 will have some price increases in them and it would vary depending on the time of when the order was placed. We did take an interim increase on many of those orders, you would be looking for at least a 5% or more increase and again were specifically talking AG here and the combines that Susan mentioned, those are 9% to 10.5%. What was the other question?
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: The incremental production that may be available in 2009-- 
Marie Ziegler: Weve talked about the fact that at the end of May we approved a capital investment and it was announced and that will take our harvester works which is our factory where we make our large combines up about 30% and we expect to have most of that capacity available for the year; not for the full year but most of it. 
Mike Mack: I think we announced in February a tractor--
Marie Ziegler: Thats correct, although a lot of that benefit will hit more in 2010. We do anticipate to get some additional equipment a little bit in 2009. And then several of our units although neither one on the same scale would be making adjustments in there. Its not only capital but just in their operating processes to accommodate our farm customers. 
Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Securities: So youre indicating a double-digit increase is possible in both tractors and combines with combines being more than tractors at this point?
Marie Ziegler: Were just giving you very specific examples and it is premature for me to try to nail that down more specifically. We ourselves do not have that answer. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch
Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch: Just to follow-up on pricing, given this highly inflationary environment that were in, are you contemplating any structural changes to your pricing policy just beyond price increases? Incorporating surcharges, being able to re-price backlog, just being more aggressive on pricing that would have been historically. 
Marie Ziegler: I would say that our customers would tell you 9% to 10.5% is probably a meaningful increase but certainly required in the current environment. But we have made some adjustments in our acceptance of some orders. We use the term effectively place our backorder to July position. Not all of the orders that we have been assigned a retail date. That does give us the ability with the recent price increases then for those price increases to apply to those orders. We have some available production yet that if we would need to make additional changes in pricing that would be affected by that.  It has not been our intention for many, many years or our practice to put surcharges on, a deal is a deal and Deere has felt very strongly about that. 
Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch: This is not meant to be a question for 2009, but this is going by just structural operating leverage for the AG business, earlier in the cycle we talked about operating leverage maybe 30, well if everything works out well 40, now were in the teens. Is it reasonable to assume that in the long run operating leverage in the AG division could return to what wevesort of high point is low 30s?
Marie Ziegler: Well 30% would be our guidance on average over a long period of time, that assumes you are not making any investments for growth and we are seeing opportunities in the AG division globally and that is reflected in higher capital expenditures but also in higher R&D and SA&G as we are making investments and youve seen frankly some of the very early payoffs of that as we look at our net sales, we talk about the tremendous growth outside our traditional markets.  So we will have guidance again in another quarter and we will be making the decision in terms of how we are going to continue to invest for 2009. So I dont have a definitive answer for you at this time. 
Mike Mack: I think the other thing it is going to depend upon in addition to investments which I think Marie hit on is probably the most important aspect, but I think it also is a little bit of a function of mix in terms of where the growth is occurring. So thats another variable that does play into incremental margin calculations. 
Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch: But between pricing mix youre building out Eastern Europe and North America, all these things sound positive and I understand that even if we continue as incremental investments it should not be worse than this year, right? 
Marie Ziegler: I think youre trying to pin us into some [inaudible] of on our guidanceIm think [inaudible] going to answer that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Raso  Citigroup
David Raso  Citigroup: Regarding price versus cost, this year youre thinking its largely a [push], can I extrapolate the price increases youre outlining for 2009 youre thinking price is ahead of costs in 2009?
Marie Ziegler: It is our intention to restore our cost price ratios. 
David Raso  Citigroup: And what does restore mean in Deere?
Marie Ziegler: Put them back to where they would have been say at the start of the year. So were trying to get back to where we were, were not trying necessarily to get even better. Were trying to restore parody if you will. 
David Raso  Citigroup: Arent we at parody this year though with price versus costs? 
Mike Mack: If you go back the last couple of years, lets say 2007, price was substantially better than cost. 
David Raso  Citigroup: In that same idea, the raw material contracts that maybe have come up recently and youve signed for next year, can we think through on that cost assumption which is obviously whats driving your targeted pricing, how much of your 2009 costs are part of contracts youve already signed that you have a good idea of your 2009 costs? And at a minimum maybe describe it as at this point last year versus this point this year, do you have more visibility into your next year costs then you say you did a year ago? Like contracts signed say in the last month or so into 2009.
Marie Ziegler: We have spent a considerable amount of time as you might imagine with metric modeling, working with our suppliers. We are also looking at cost reduction activities. I think youre looking for some guarantees that were probably not in a position to provide but I can assure you that we have been very, very active in taking a look at the market fundamentals. 
David Raso  Citigroup: Philosophically did we try to lock in more next year costs this summer then we did last summer? 
Marie Ziegler: That really gets into specifically how were contracting which we have in the past declined to comment on and Im not prepared to provide any specifics on our contracting. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Henry Kurn]  UBS
[Henry Kurn]  UBS: With corn prices pulling back, is it possible to chat a little bit about the price of corn that you think would continue to support the strong levels of demand? 
Marie Ziegler: We talk about them pulling back, but the reason that we included the particular price chart on slide 10, was to demonstrate that although they have pulled back a bit from the highs, they are still by any historic measure extremely good and even with the fact that our customers are experiencing higher costs these current prices in the market are still very attractive profitable for them. 
Mike Mack: And it I think its important to recognize farm cash receipts are really the product of the volume times the price and so when you look at this from farm cash receipts our estimates are substantially higher than there were just a quarter ago. And I think you can make an argument that theres actually a real benefit to some moderation in the corn price in the short-term in terms of demonstrating the productivity of farmer customers and the ability to produce crops for both the food and fuel and I think that helps in the policy debates that are occurring right now. 
[Henry Kurn]  UBS: On the CapEx you tweaked that back by about $100 million, what was the rationale behind that? Is there a change in philosophy here?
Marie Ziegler: There is no change in philosophy. Actually last quarter we discussed that we have a supplier who has a problem thats been in the Wall Street Journal with cracking blades and in view of the situation there, were simply not doing some of the projects, putting down payments on some of the projects that we otherwise would have. They are in the process of working through a resolution. Were working very closely with them and this is just a timing issue. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Referring to specifically I wonder if you could a little more color on what youre seeing in the Brazilian market, obviously you took up your sales forecast, but in terms of your overall capacity relative to demand, how are you feeling at this stage of the game, and then obviously not getting into guidance for longer time, what are the opportunities in Brazil or in South America that you think that you can incrementally improve that business? 
Marie Ziegler: We are less then a year into full operation of the new tractor facility in Brazil, and so we are reaping the benefits of having that additional capacity as well as having broadened our product line. Weve added five new tractor models last year. Some higher horsepower, some in the lower horsepower ranges. So we are much better positioned to provide product to our Brazilian customers then we ever have historically. Ramp up of that facility occurred much earlier in the year and so were really reaping the year-over-year benefits of having that facility fully operational, having moved tractor production out of our factory in [Orezontina] which produced combines will also over time as that factory goes through its adjustments, provide for additional opportunity there as well.  So were feeling very good about our ability on the manufacturing side and we have a very strong dealer network, very solid and traditional our issues have been that we were capacity constrained, we could not provide them with enough product, so weve got the product in place. Weve got the distribution and the market conditions and fundamentals in Brazil and really throughout South America look very promising. 
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Referring to the pricing in that region, obviously theres been a lot of talk about pricing with some of your competitors, what are you seeing specifically in Brazil from a pricing standpoint? If not number wise, can you give granularity, is pricing trending the way you want it to or is it ahead of your expectations or how would you describe the environment right now? 
Marie Ziegler: We are seeing the same kinds of raw material cost inflations in Brazil as we are seeing really throughout the world and we have taken a number of pricing actions there just like the amounts maybe vary a little bit my model, but similar to what we discussed earlier in the call. I dont have a comment about whats happening competitively but we have taken some price increases. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Casey  Wachovia Securities
Andrew Casey  Wachovia Securities: On the non-US and Canada operations, if I look at Q3 revenue increased 6% and operating dropped 3% last year and then at Q2 5% revenue growth and 21% operating income growth from that area, what were the reasons for the change on the sequential basis? Was it all input and transfer costs or was there some seasonality and mix in there? 
Marie Ziegler: Well theres no question that there are some issues in terms of I wouldnt say transfers but maybe more of where were building versus where were selling. As I think you know with the tremendous growth weve seen in the Former Soviet Union a lot of that product does come out of the US and so the US operation gets the benefit of building it and you have the overseas operations then just getting the benefit of the marketing margin but having the full sale. So that can change things.  And thats why very frankly, when we report our operating profit and our sales for the AG division were looking on it on a worldwide basis because its really very relevant there. The other thing that can distort it is weve had a fair amount of growth in our non-AG businesses, the commercial and consumer and certainly the construction business. So as people in the past have kind of ignored those or said there wasnt a year-over-year change as they tried to calibrate and those do have an impact. 
Mike Mack: I think the fundamental point is that when we look at the business you really need to add both the non-US and US together to get a true picture because of the distortions that can occur with the absorption and some of the factories versus where the products are being sold. And what we tend to do in terms of management we look at very narrow granularity on a profit by product approach where we look at all of the processes but we look at each of the product categories and each of them has that same high standard were trying to maintain relative to their return on assets that were demanding. 
Marie Ziegler: We talked earlier about SA&G and R&D and the investments that we are making for growth that a lot of that is occurring outside the US and Canada and so of course thats maybe a little bit of a disproportionate cost as youre investing to grow those operations right now. 
Andrew Casey  Wachovia Securities: With the share price weakness over the last few months given concerns about various factors, is there any thought internally to accelerate in any one period, maybe not this period, but any one period where you see share weakness and take advantage of what you see differently then what investors may?
Mike Mack: Weve said in the past, were not going to have a specific rate at which were going to buyback shares so that were going have out there thatwhat wed adhere to, in this particular quarter, Q3 I would just comment that sometimes we have to be out of the market for various things, this quarter because we were going for the authorization for the new share repurchase and we were going for the authorization for the dividend it took us out of the market and we had to have some blackout days we wouldnt ordinarily have and that kind of impacted the share repurchase in the third quarter.  But not going to be able to provide much more guidance on future activity. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ann Duignan  JP Morgan
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Regarding the fourth quarter net income guidance Im struggling to get down to the $425 million that you forecast, can you talk me through what youre anticipating in terms of incrementals or decrementals, maybe incrementals on the AG side and decrementals on construction and forestry and consumer, I know you said construction and forestry will be solidly profitable. Can you just help me understand where my margins may be wrong? 
Marie Ziegler: Well the first place I would take a look is the raw material cost which we were pretty blunt, about half of them hit in the fourth quarter. 
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: And I presume that those will disproportionately hit the AG sector since volume is stronger there then anticipated?
Marie Ziegler: It affects all three equipment divisions. But AG is thats probably notgiven the relative strength of the AG market thats probably a fair observation. I think thats the single biggest area I can think of. You do, I think in an earlier question someone observed the fact that our construction equipment division would have a lower production volume and although they do remainwe would in our forecast contemplate some remaining profitable they do have lower production in the fourth quarter and that would have an impact on our margins and actually is a factor in why we would have revised our guidance. 
Mike Mack: Two other factors come to mind, one is tax rate is certainly one of them. These discrete items we alluded to earlier. And another one I think is lower credit company income really reflecting two things. One is crop insurance income. We talked about, actually I think a very good diversification that theyve used in risk [inaudible] but nevertheless its going to be down I think about $5 million for the full year. 
Marie Ziegler: Still profitable, nicely profitable just down a little bit from what previous--
Mike Mack: Right and I think theres a modest increase in the provision for losses as well on credit for the fourth quarter. 
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: Can we talk a bit about youre talking about adding capacity for combines, when you talk about I think you said orders were sold or booked to 70% of next years expectations, when you look at your next years expectations are you baking in the 30% capacity expansion or are you talking about your 70% of where you were at this time last year? 
Marie Ziegler: That would be fair. Again the 30% is not available for the entire year but it will be available for a good portion of the year. When we talk about 70% and that is of what we expect to retail, now thats a US and Canadian number, so were not looking at what were expecting to see in the rest of the world, we threw that out though just as an indication, the fact that we were still seeing very, very good market activity, extremely strong market activity. 
Ann Duignan  JP Morgan: I shouldnt think that your 70% sold out of 130% capacity, is that correct?
Marie Ziegler: I think thats exactly right. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: On the credit detail, can you comment on the past due experience, month to month or quarter to quarter on the construction and forestry side whether thats stable or getting worse?
Marie Ziegler: It really continues to be maybe up just a little bit. We have been running, it would have rounded to three in terms of our write-offs as a percentage of the portfolio and we maybe bumped up just a little bit, 0.35% I meant to say earlier, so maybe 0.35% but your provisioning is based on what you think you need and as you look at the fundamentals in the commercial and consumer and the construction and forestry equipment markets it just seems prudent to us to slightly increase that loss provision given the difficult fundamentals and thats really what you see reflected here. 
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: And the slight increase in provision is that in line with the increase in past dues or do you assume past due doesnt translate to a loss and so you provision a little bit less as one of your competitors does?
Marie Ziegler: Well as I understand the accounting rules say that your provisioning is based on what you expect you will see in losses and so thats what thats reflecting. Our past dues continue to beif you look year-over-year are virtually unchanged at 0.26% in aggregate [inaudible] portfolio. 
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: In the current environment youre seeing a slowdown in global economies and some asset prices maybe getting cheaper, is there any thought on your part to savor asset purchases over buyback, conserve powder in other words?
Mike Mack: I think we are actively looking for business development opportunities all of the time. These things have a long gestation period and were continuing to have an interest in growth so to the extent that we can find business development opportunities where theres a good fit and we think we can create value we have an interest and I dont think that fluctuates so much as a view of the transient prices as something were looking for all the time. Two good examples this quarter that came to fruition were the acquisitions in the water space. But these take a long time to build a platform like were going to do if were going to make these relatively small acquisitions and hopefully invest around them and build up a platform thats going to be a multi year activity but thats how I think were going to create some value. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Dowd  Bernstein
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: If I heard your comments correctly, you are among other places that youre planning to take price increases you are taking them in construction and forestry and they sounded pretty significant so on the one hand this is addressing the input costs issue. On the other hand when you talk to the other construction vehicle manufacturers the one place that they cite pricing power weakness is in small and medium sized vehicles in North America. Are you seeing something different in the marketplace that makes you comfortable you can push this through or is it heavily weighted towards specific vehicles? 
Marie Ziegler: We have not announced any specifics other then to say that they range from 4% to 9%. This announcement was actually just made yesterday but we have not really assigned it to specific products. So I am not able to comment any further. 
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: But presumably the announcement implies that you feel comfortable that price increases in construction vehicles in North America that youre going to be able to successfully push them through without losing a lot of volume, is that a correct inference? 
Marie Ziegler: I think thats a fair inference. 
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: Let me just come back to the bottleneck in agriculture for a minute, so the way I read the release was 30% increase in combines next year but I think what I just heard you say was that by the end of the year your capacity will be 30% higher so a good of chunk of that benefit sort of arrives in 2010? 
Marie Ziegler: No actually we will have a good portion of that 30% available to us we anticipate overfor fiscal 2009. Im stopping short of telling you exactly how it weighs out because things happen in any kind of a building or machine tool or a redo project. But we do anticipate to have a good chunk of that available to us for the bulk of the year. 
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: And similarly for the [Waterloo] facilities, the release said that really comes available in 2010 and we really shouldnt expect much incremental out of that? 
Marie Ziegler: Waterloo is working very hard to rearrange its processes to accommodate our customers in this period of strong demand and so they are working as hard as they can to implement what they can. Where we are limited is where we have machine tools and a lot of those machine tools do not arrive until late in 2009 but there are some things that can be done in terms of process flow and things like that to better accommodate our customers and were working there. But the bulk of that increase does hit 2010.
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: In Waterloo I believe almost two years ago now, you talked about the order to delivery time was down to 11 days and I seem to recall--
Marie Ziegler: Thats cycle time through the factory, thats not order. 
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: And what is it down to now? 
Marie Ziegler: I did not ask the question. Their ultimate goal was seven days and I dont know where they are between the 11 and the seven days. 
Mike Mack: I think they may have made some progress because the last thing they had to do to make the progress was some heat treated equipment there in the drive train area which I think subsequent to when we had a discussion they had in place, but I dont have a specific number but I believe it has improved. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Seth Weber  Banc of America Securities
Seth Weber  Banc of America Securities: Just a clarification do you feel like you could have kept the $2.2 billion net income guidance without the higher tax rate and the credit and lower income at the credit business? 
Marie Ziegler: There are four factors that affected the overall guidance and the first you were correct is the tax rate, the credit income, it is lower volume in construction and forestry and then a lesser factor but worthy of just note is the fact that we did complete these two acquisitions in the water so you have a little bit of integration cost that hits this year that was not in the forecast originally because we didnt know that we would close on these acquisitions for sure. 
Seth Weber  Banc of America Securities: Can you characterize, you said 70% of your combines at this point are essentially sold for 2009; can you give us an idea of where that number stood at this point last year? 
Marie Ziegler: Actually we wouldnt even have been able to quote a number last year because the earlier program didnt open until the first of September. So it would be zero. But we just opened the program earlier. 
Seth Weber  Banc of America Securities: Can you, on the Eastern European and the CIS business for the AG side, can you characterize how big is that market today, what type of growth rates are you seeing there and are you investing in the distribution channel there? Is that part of your growth initiative?
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely we are investing in distribution; in fact about a quarter ago we announced that we were investing in the distribution center in Russia that would help us in the parts side and training. So we have a dealer network. We are investing in dealer development in that part of the world. In terms of specific sales numbers we will provide that for you geographically on an annual basis but you saw in 2007 that our sales were over a billion in that specific part of the world, central Europe and Commonwealth of Independent States and the growth rate was I think about 60%. So we definitely have seen the growth and we are investing in infrastructure to continue to support that part of the world. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: The C&F margin was the lowest margin in that segment in 20 quarters, when I look at the historical relationship theres a good linear regression relationship between C&F profit and sales in that division, but using that equation for the first half and applying it to the third quarter there was about a $50 million profit shortfall; its pretty significant. It was also odd that in the third quarter you actually lowered the material and freight decrement estimate from--
Marie Ziegler: That is correct, it applies for the full year but we went from guidance of what had been $100 million to $75 million but they did cut production in the quarter, they produced less than what they had anticipated and then theyve taken their guidance for the full year down. 
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: So what I needed to know was what would be the breakout between the cut in production impacting the profitability in the third quarter and the shortfall of pricing versus materials and freight in the third quarter? A breakout between the two as to why that margin was so low. 
Marie Ziegler: I dont have a comment more specifically then what weve already provided. Actually very candidly we would look at their profitability in light of the significant decline in the market and believe that they are performing extremely well. But they are certainly impacted by the increase in raw materials and this is one division although for the full company we will cover our costs, this particular division well be unable to do that in the current environment. Theyre big users of plate and that has been more difficult. So youre correct that that is an issue. 
Mike Mack: The overwhelming impact on the decline in the profitability I think can be attributed to volume in the quarter. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you all for participating in todays call.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-05-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marie Z. Ziegler - Vice President, Investor Relations Michael J. Mack, Jr. - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Susan [Karlick] - Investor Relations Karen Thompson - Investor Relations Bill Ratzburg - Investor Relations
Analysts: Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns Andrew Obin Merrill Lynch Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Andrew Casey  Wachovia Securities David Raso  Citigroup Seth Weber  Banc Of America Securities Daniel Dowd  Bernstein Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Deere and Company second quarter earnings conference call. Your lines have been placed on listen-only until we open up for questions and answers. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Marie Ziegler, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Marie Z. Ziegler: Good morning. Also on today's call are Mike Mack, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as Susan [Karlick], Karen Thompson, and Bill Ratzburg from our IR team. Today well take a closer look at Deeres second quarter earnings, then spend a few minutes talking about our markets and where things are headed for the rest of the year, and after that well respond to your questions. First, a reminder, that this call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere, Thomson Reuters, and third parties. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans, and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent form 8-K and period reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. The call, and the company materials, are not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any of the companys securities. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with GAAP, that would be accounting principals generally accepted in the United States of America. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Second Quarter 2008 Reports. Call participants should consider the other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on todays call. Now before we turn to the details of the quarter, lets have Mike Mack make a few remarks and please start with Slide 3. 
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: Earlier this morning we reported terrific results for the second quarter. In fact, the highest sales and earnings for any quarter in our companys history. While the present is great, our future is even better. In the second quarter, we made three strategic announcements to strengthen that future.  First, in Waterloo, Iowa, we plan to increase large tractor production capacity by about 25% to better serve farmers not only in the United States and Canada, but in countries like Brazil, [Cothicstan], and Ukraine.  Second, in the Kaluga region of Russia, we are developing an operations center for parts and complete goods distribution along with a training facility. We believe this new 98 acre site represents one of the largest single investment projects by a non-Russian farm and forestry equipment manufacturer and the site can accommodate future expansion into local assembly and manufacturing.  Third, in Xuzhou, China, we intend to expand our construction equipment business by entering into a joint venture with Xuzhou Xuwa Excavator Machinery Company. While we have long had a presence in the Chinese agricultural equipment market, this will be our first manufacturing operation in the Chinese construction equipment market.  These three join many other efforts to help our customers productively meet the worlds growing need for food, fiber, shelter, and infrastructure, and reflecting the global magnitude of this need for productive equipment, this year, for the first time, our agricultural equipment sales outside the United States and Canada are projected to surpass those in the US and Canada, and that is true, even excluding currency changes. Truly historic.  Another important point is that while the thriving farm sector is a headline item at present, the news at John Deere goes beyond farm machinery. Our construction and forestry and commercial and consumer equipment businesses remain solidly profitable. This is a notable feat, Id say unprecedented, in a difficult US economic environment with growth anemic and housing starts at the lowest levels since World War II. We are clearly demonstrating the power of the shareholder value-added model. While we remain on track for another record performance in 2008, we do face cost pressures. These are reflected in our earnings guidance, specifically in the second half of the year. Raw material costs, especially for vital commodities like steel, are racing ahead, well beyond what we had anticipated when we set prices for model year 2008.  Weve recently announced a number of price increases and we are aggressively pursuing continuous improvement projects that will help us offset higher costs, but the effect of these efforts wont have much impact before next year.  While our suppliers are doing a great job keeping up with sometimes dramatic volume increases this year, spot shortages of various parts and components are cropping up from time to time. Specifically, and certainly not a surprise to any of you, agricultural tires have become more challenging. These near-term challenges in no way detract from the great promise of our businesses and the tremendous opportunity that promise represents for our customers, our employees, our suppliers, our communities, and our investors. Now for a closer look at the second quarter, heres Bill.
Bill Ratzburg: Thank you, Mike. Turning to Slide 4, this morning Deere reported second quarter net income of $763 million on equipment operations net sales of approximately $7.5 billion. Net income increased 22% and diluted earnings per share rose 28%. On Slide 5, total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 19% compared to the second quarter of 2007. About six points related to positive currency translation. LESCO added about another three points, and there were about two points of price realization. The remainder is primarily from increased volume.  On Slide 6, you can see our second quarter production tonnage was up 17%. For the third quarter, worldwide production tonnage is expected to increase 14%. For the full fiscal year 2008, worldwide production tonnage is now forecast to be up 17% versus our previous forecast of up 15%. Both are driven by a very strong global market in agriculture. Regarding our company outlook, lets turn to Slide 7. For the third quarter of 2008 we expect company-wide equipment operations net sales to be up about 20%. Currency is forecasted to account for about four points. Net income is expected to be $550 million to $575 million in the quarter. For the full year we are now forecasting equipment net sales to be up about 20% compared with fiscal year 2007. This includes about five points of currency and about two points of price realization. The 2008 net income forecast remains at approximately $2.2 billion.  Lets turn now to a review of our individual businesses, starting with agricultural equipment on Slide 8. While the press release describes the major items affecting financial results, let me mention that of the 34% net sales increase in the second quarter, currency translation accounted for about eight points. Operating profit increased 61% to $782 million with currency translation contributing about $50 million.  Looking ahead, global ag fundamentals are really encouraging. Worldwide stock to use ratios remain at very low levels, particularly for corn and wheat, and Slide 9 highlights the exceptional strength of the futures markets for the important commodities of corn, wheat, and soybeans. Deeres forecasted commodity prices are on Slide 10. The strong markets for crops drive good levels of farm income globally and, as shown on Slide 11, please note that our forecast for total US farm cash receipts for 2008 and 2009 are higher than our outlook from just one quarter ago and at dramatically increased levels from those of just a few years ago. In addition, although the United States Farm Bill has not yet been passed by Congress and enacted into law, with commodity prices as high as they are, the bill would have minimal impact on 2008 and 2009 US farm cash receipts.  All of this translates into a strong outlook at John Deere, not only for tractors and combines, but also for products like sprayers and seeding equipment, and provides solid support for our outlook for industry sales of agricultural equipment in the US and Canada as shown on Slide 12, which is now up about 20% from 2007. In addition, our industry outlook for South America is now up about 30%. Note, however, that uncertainties exist regarding the status of loan payments due in 2008 by farmers in Brazil as well as over the impact of Argentinas export taxes, both of which could affect agricultural equipment sales in those regions. The increased industry forecast for South America is complemented by Slide 13, which demonstrates solid farm incomes in Brazil and Argentina.  Slide 14 highlights the strength of the European agricultural market as well. As shown on Slide 15, our outlook for 2008 for Western Europe for industry sales remains up 3% to 5% for the fiscal year, and very strong growth is expected to continue in central Europe and the commonwealth of independent states countries, including Russia. Australia is recovering from its severe drought and we are seeing excellent growth in emerging markets like China and India though from a very small base.  So putting this all together, Slide 16 depicts a stronger worldwide outlook for the sale of John Deere farm machinery and services. Net sales are now projected to be up about 35% with currency translation accounting for about 7 points of the increase. Just as currency translation will affect net sales, it will also affect forecasted operating profit, adding about $150 million for the full year. The forecast now anticipates the fiscal year 2008 ag division incremental margin to be about 20%.  Lets move now to our commercial and consumer equipment business on Slide 17, where reported net sales were up 8% in the quarter. LESCO accounted for about 12 points. New product introductions continued to drive excellent customer interest, helping to offset market conditions that have become more challenging. Operating profit increased 3% in the quarter.  Turning to the commercial and consumer equipment outlook on Slide 18, for fiscal 2008 we now anticipate sales to be up about 4% with LESCO contributing about 6 points. Portions of the business continue to be affected by the housing slow down and general economic conditions.  We also have exciting new product offerings in the market this year, including the Precision Cut Fairway mowers, select series homeowner models, and utility vehicles. The integration of LESCO into our landscapes operations is proceeding. We have begun to merge retail centers where we have redundant footprints. The rapid rise in fertilizer prices has caused business to slow a bit as is reflected in the slightly lower sales guidance.  Lets focus now on construction and forestry on Slide 19 where sales were down 7% in the quarter and production tonnage off 8%. Operating profit was lower as well but the division remains strongly profitable with a margin of 12%. Given todays difficult market conditions, the decrease in the 2008 net sales forecast is quite modest as seen on Slide 20. Indeed, construction and forestrys solid performance in a sluggish market is due in no small part to the companys actions to make the results of every business more consistent and less volatile under all types of market conditions. What were seeing in C&F, in other words, is exactly how our shareholder value-added model is designed to work. In many respects, construction and forestry has led the way in production discipline. It was, you may recall, the first Deere division to adopt a build-to-order production model. By aligning supply chain, order fulfillment, and manufacturing processes, the business gained flexibility in adjusting to changes in the retail market. As a result, last year the division was able to make rapid and deep production cuts in response to the softening US market and conditions in construction. This year it is essentially producing in step with retail demand. Over the last few years, construction and forestry has expanded its product line up to include both larger and smaller models and broaden its customer base to serve as an example to more large customers.  Along these lines, the division enlarged its global forestry platform, creating even more balance in terms of products sold and markets served. C&F is doing a good job on the cost side as well, carefully managing R&D and SA&G and putting capital expenditures on hold wherever appropriate. As a result of these steps, Deeres construction and forestry business is performing quite well in light of the severe downturn that has engulfed the US housing market. Based on our present outlook, we expect it to remain solidly profitable for the year with only a small downturn in sales.  Moving now to our credit operations, as you see on Slide 21, credit losses continue to remain low, with the current provision running well below its 10-year average. As further evidence of the quality of John Deere Credits portfolio, turn to Slide 22. As mentioned last quarter, we received the support of rating agencies to increase the companys leverage from the previous 8.5:1 to 10:1 and we began implementing the change during the second quarter with a special dividend of $318 million paid to the Deere parent. Very importantly, SVA for both John Deere Credit and the enterprise will increase due to the change in leverage. The increased leverage affected quarterly results and is part of the reason credit reported net income in the quarter of about $84 million as can be seen on Slide 23. Our forecasted credit net income for fiscal 2008 is now about $350 million versus the previous forecast of $365 million, with the bulk of this change coming from lower revenues due to slower than expected commissioning of wind projects. This is just a timing issue and youll see a related reduction in the 2008 wind capital expenditures as well.  Given the turmoil in the financial markets, Slide 24 highlights our continuing access to the capital markets with some of our recent activities. Last year our short-term debt rating was increased to A1P1. During the second quarter we increased our credit facility to $4.5 billion and have a considerable amount of unused capacity. We consistently were active in the capital markets as well. We issued $1.6 billion in medium-term notes with both issuances being oversubscribed and upsized and the last one being oversubscribed by four times.  Before moving on to retail sales, lets review receivables and inventory. Looking at the quarter on Slide 25, you will note that reported trade receivables and inventory were about $1.2 billion then a year ago, with currency translation accounting for about one-third of that increase. The ag division came in $1.1 billion higher, of which currency translation accounted for about $300 million of the change. The majority, however, is supporting the growing global agricultural business. Although you have seen trade receivables and inventories increase year-over-year, Slide 26 clearly demonstrates that the increase is driven by the growing level of sales. As seen on Slide 27, our 2008 year-end forecast calls for flat inventories and trade receivables and C&CE and C&F. The increase in the ag division is consistent with their larger global footprint and currency accounts for the change from the previous forecast.  Before turning to housekeeping, lets discuss the latest on retail sales. While we do not have the information available in a slide, here is the product category detail for the month of April expressed in units. For utility tractors, the industry was down 6%. Deere was down double digits. For row crop tractors, the industry was up 15% and Deere was up a single digit. For four wheel drive tractors, the industry was down 10% and Deere was down in line with the industry. For combines, the industry was up 47%. Deere was up more than the industry.  Dealer inventories in the US and Canada remain in very good shape, as Deere inventories at the end of April remain below industry levels in each of the categories just cited except four wheel drive tractors where they were in line with the industry. On Slide 28 you see that for row crop tractors, Deere ended April with inventories at 18% of trailing 12 month sales. Combine inventories were low at 12% of trailing 12 month sales.  Turning to Slide 29, in Western Europe, sales of John Deere tractors and combines were both up double digits in April. Moving to Slide 30, Deeres retail sales of commercial and consumer equipment in the US and Canada wad down double digits in April. Construction and forestry sales in the US and Canada were down double digits on both the first-in-the-dirt and settlement basis. 
Marie Z. Ziegler: Now lets touch on a few housekeeping items. Ill let Bill have a moment to recover his voice here. Regarding materials costs and freight, lets move on to Slide 31. In the second quarter, these costs rose approximately $60 million versus last year, which brings our year to date increase to about $110 million. For the full year we now expect these costs to increase to a range of $400 million to $500 million, so they are obviously back end loaded.  With price realization running about 2 points in our full year guidance, this means there will be pressure on margins in the second half of 2008 with the impact being most pronounced in the ag and construction and forestry division. 
Bill Ratzburg: Looking at R&D expense on Slide 32, for the full year R&D is now expected to increase about 13 and currency accounts for the change in the guidance. Moving now to Slide 33, SA&G expense for the equipment operations was up about 18% in the second quarter with about 13 points of that increase coming from global growth initiatives and currency translation. Our fiscal year 2008 forecast now includes SA&G expense increases of about 15% over 2007 with about 9 points of the expected increase coming from global growth initiatives and currency translation.  Regarding the tax rate on Slide 34, during the second quarter, the effective tax rate was approximately 35%, the same as the rate projected for the full year. Actual shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were about 431 million as shown on Slide 35. You can also see the history of share repurchases since 2004. Our cumulative cost of repurchases since we started in 2004 is about $4.9 billion. 22.9 million shares remain under the current 40 million share repurchase program.  Slide 36 provides some additional information related to fiscal year 2008. For equipment operations, capital expenditures are now forecast to be about $800 million. Depreciation and amortization is now expected to be about $475 million and we continue to anticipate funding of about $425 million and pension and OPEB contributions over the year. For financial services, capital expenditures relating to wind are now expected to total about $375 million in 2008.  Looking ahead, 2008 looks to be a year of exceptional financial results and excellent cash generation. We continue to consistently execute on our plans for building, growing, and sustaining a great business and we are looking forward to delivering superior results in 2008. 
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thank you, Bill. We are now ready to begin the Q&A portion of this call. Laura will instruct you on the polling procedure, but as a reminder, and I know I ask this every quarter, in consideration of others, please limit yourself to one question with a related follow up. If you have additional questions you are welcome to get back into the queue.
Operator:   (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns : My question is around your input cost outlook. My third quarter net income is significantly higher than your forecasting and Im trying to figure out if its just the input costs. Can you walk us through kind of the back half of the year, what youre anticipating in third quarter and what youre anticipating in fourth quarter, at least directionally if you cant give us actual, and my related follow up then is how much of the increase have you already seen versus how much are you just baking in just in case?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Ann, we have a fairly large range on our raw material costs for the full year, $400 million to $500 million, given that were halfway through the year. Year to date we have seen $110 million so youre looking for approximately $300 million plus in the second half of the year. This is a rapidly evolving situation and somewhere in the range of $400 million to $500 million is our best estimate at this point. I cant give you more precise guidance.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns : Can you tell us where exactly have you seen the ramp up as youve gone through this quarter? Im trying to get a sense of are we going to see it ramp up slowly in Q3 into Q4 or have you seen it already and its going to be a big step function in Q3 and then stable in q4?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Our forecast would assume that we would see some ramp up in the third quarter and maybe a little bit more in the fourth quarter, and as you know, its coming from really a variety of commodity groups.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns : Primarily raw materials?
Marie Z. Ziegler: It ties into with the components, Ann, as well, and into the logistics cost because of whats happened with oil, so its really across the board.
Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns : Okay. Is that my follow up done there or do I have another follow up?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Youre done.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin Merrill Lynch: Just a question on the impact of effects in agricultural equipment. A, if you could give it a number, and if you cant, Im just trying to figure out the fact that youre selling a lot of stuff and youre offsetting the fact that youre shipping a lot of stuff from Manheim worldwide and being negatively impacted by the euro.
Marie Z. Ziegler: The currency impacts for the company are very balanced in terms of the trade flows. Whats coming from the United States into Europe is fairly well offset by whats coming from Manheim and back into the US but there is still a currency translation impact because the foreign currency denominated sales and operating profit translate into higher dollars and that amount for the ag division is about $60 million in the second quarter and as Bill alluded to in his opening remarks, about $150 million right now is anticipated in the forecast for the full year.
Andrew Obin Merrill Lynch: Sort of a follow up. Looking at the tonnage number for construction and forestry, it seems that you still were able to get positive pricing in the quarter and in the segment. Is that a fair estimate?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Yes, price realization was slightly positive in the quarter for that division, that is true.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Marie, if you could just talk a little bit about your margins on the overseas front, if you back into it, it looks like it was about 12% which was a little lower than I thought. Are there any issues over there? Can you talk about sort of what youre seeing on the Brazil tractor, the new facility in Brazil, whether thats ramping up according to plan or whether there were any other issues that I should be aware of?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Actually overseas operations are performing very well and the Montenegro is fully ramped up. Obviously with the very strong market conditions were looking at what we might do going forward, but theyre operating where we had anticipated they would be. When you look at the margins, though, overseas, you do have to bear in mind that overseas is where a lot of our growth opportunities are occurring in the near term and so they are probably somewhat disproportionally hit by higher SA&G as we are working to develop future opportunities in these markets.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse: Just a follow up question. I think you said in your prepared remarks that the ag incremental margins are now expected to be about 20%. I think last quarter you were saying 20% to 25%. I understand the issues this year but as you look at the ag incrementals, is that a number that you would be happy with on a longer term basis? Is there any other efficiencies that you think you can gain and will you continue to invest at the same level? Im just trying to get a feel for how I should think about it on a longer term basis.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thats an excellent point. I think one of the things very candidly thats happened is we had a very strong back order position which is a very good thing. It gives us great comfort and confidence in our production schedules but that is also price protected. We have, as you know, instituted some interim price increases in the ag division which candidly because of the back order position will not have much impact on fiscal 2008 which will be more evident in fiscal 2009 and it is our intention to longer term improve those increment margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Marie, can you follow up on sort of order of magnitude of price increases that were talking about? Im just trying to think about in the second half of the year that price raw material balance will go negative for you and theres some sort of a reversion. The other way as we move into fiscal 09, Im just trying to think about what kind of order of magnitude that might be.
Marie Z. Ziegler: What weve announced so far for large tractors for example would be 3% in the United States. We have not made any comments yet on several other product lines because basically, for example, on the combines, were pretty much fully ordered out because of the earlier program. So thats all that we have announced at this point but we would have the ability to watch whats happening in the markets. The other point that we want to talk about is the technology that were putting into our products that really adds value and to our customers make some more productivity. Even this morning I heard an anecdote of a customer who believes that by using our auto track system they were able to actually get in more acres than they otherwise would have and thats really important as you know with the weather conditions. As you think about that technology, that delivers great value to our customers and allows us to reap some benefit ourselves as well.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: So just to be clear, this 2% price that youre talking about, is that net of raw materials or is that just on a year over year basis net of discounts?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thats correct. It s price net of discounts. We always treat those things separately.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: It sounds like if youre pushing price another 3% which on a half year basis would be $300 million or $400 million, as we move into 09, you go from a negative trade off to a neutral trade off, is that how we should think of it? Excluding all your efficiency initiatives and new technology and all that sort of thing, or would you actually see yourself getting ahead of the curve?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I think thats probably a degree of speculation we shouldnt enter into. I would go back and point out that over time our objective is the 30% incremental margin and we are certainly working to deliver that over a long period of time.
Bill Ratzburg: Ive commented that 2% is all the divisions blended average so certainly were going to expect to get better than that on the ag side of the business..
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Just lastly, can you share with us what your guidance for the balance, the second half of fiscal 08 assumes for C&F decremental margins?  Marie Z. Ziegler Actually, no, I would not be able to do that, but I can tell you that we are saying that there are absolute margins, should be in the range, or at least our current forecast assumes that absolute margin will be in the range of about 10%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Casey  Wachovia Securities.
Andrew Casey  Wachovia Securities : Just a different question on the pricing actions. Can you talk about any resistance that you may be seeing in North American construction equipment?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Im not sure what youre referring to. Again, our pricing realization has been slightly positive. We talked about it last quarter and this quarter. Weve certainly helped ourselves by managing our inventories very tightly and theres not a lot of excess equipment floating around in the system and actually weve even seen with use equipment, margins stabilizing, which really over the last several months, which is very encouraging to us as well.
Andrew Casey  Wachovia Securities : I guess the point of the question is basically as Mike indicated you might have better pricing ability in some of the stronger markets like ag. Are the competitors that you see in construction equipment all doing the same thing as you are?
Marie Z. Ziegler: You know I really cant speak for our competitors. I can tell you that our forecast for the year, whats in our financial forecast, assumes that the construction equipment division is basically in a flattish environment overall for the full year. Thats whats in the current forecast, and beyond that, I really cant speculate.
Andrew Casey  Wachovia Securities : Last one. The ag receivables for the year in terms of year-over-year increases quite a bit lower than what you saw at the end of the quarter. Is that a function of the comps for Q4 last year or does it imply that your producing a little bit closer to whatever the end market demand is for the second half?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thats a very fair question. As you know in the fourth quarter of last year, we were really full bore, full press ahead and so really the ending inventory guidance reflects the fact that you are up against a fourth quarter end that was higher reflecting the general business conditions. This year you would have Montenegro at full bore which you didnt have last year, you would have additional parts inventories as were building our sales in new markets, you need to prepare for that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso  Citigroup.
David Raso  Citigroup: I have a few thoughts Im trying to put together here. Im trying to think to the risks in the second half of the year on your costs. First thing, can you help me understand on the raw material increase, particularly steel, are you seeing it more from surcharges being put onto your current contracts or are contracts coming up that youre seeing the obvious ramp weve seen of roughly 50% from March to June?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I understand your interest in the issue but that level of detail we are not prepared to discuss. 
David Raso  Citigroup: I guess Ill ask a different way. The variability in your $400 million to $500 million, obviously the more its already in an agreed-upon new contract gives you some assuredness around that number but were seeing surcharges and new closeout for June going up every day. Were just trying to get a better understanding on your handle on the $400 million to $500 million. Is it a moving target versus new contracted numbers? Just a percentage or some scope of security around that $400 million to $500 million number.
Marie Z. Ziegler: It comes from many commodities, not only steel. The contracts all have different options and really, David, again, $400 million to $500 million is our best estimate at this time and we have no further comments.
Bill Ratzburg: I think your comment about moving target probably more accurately describes the situation. Its been very dynamic just in the last 90 days and so you try to project ahead to the rest of the year knowing whats happened in that last short period and its a more challenging estimate than normal.
David Raso  Citigroup: Are these numbers being based off of new agreed-upon prices are truly the majority of this is we dont know what the surcharge will be a month from now, this is what were seeing and what were guessing. Were just trying to get a feel for if its pure surcharge, the number can move dramatically still. If its somewhat of a new contract, youre taking a hit, but your arms are at least a little bit around it. Can you give any clarity around that?
Marie Z. Ziegler: We are not prepared to discuss our contracting strategy.
David Raso  Citigroup: Okay, I guess related to the idea of the margins then. If Im doing my numbers correctly, your incremental margins domestically were 62% in the second quarter while your incrementals internationally were lower than I would have thought, I think it was like 13%. Can you help me understand? I appreciate Waterloo and so forth, shipping with the weak dollar, but given the way the scrap prices are going up dramatically in the US given the weak dollar and the demand overseas, Im trying to understand why were the margins so strong domestically, or is that the delta thats coming that were strong but wait till the new steel prices kick in and thats the second half hit.
Marie Z. Ziegler: I think the impact will be more pronounced in those North American operations, US and Canadian operations, in the second half of the year. I think thats a fair observation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Weber  Banc Of America Securities.
Seth Weber  Banc Of America Securities: Just coming back to the pricing commentary for a second. On the interim price increases, is that just for the ag space or do you expect to also put increases on the other two businesses over the balance of the year?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I cannot speculate about what we might do with pricing actions. Our current forecast for those divisions would not contemplate further pricing actions. That doesnt preclude us perhaps from doing something but again I can only say about what is in the forecast and that is whats baked in.
Seth Weber  Banc Of America Securities: So just ag is baked in currently?
Marie Z. Ziegler: And again there is very little benefit from that interim price increase because of the back order position. Youre really looking at something that will benefit model year 2009.
Seth Weber  Banc Of America Securities: On the C&F business, can you characterize any of the positive pricing that you saw there? Was it up in both construction and forestry and can you give us any color whether it was up domestically versus internationally? In other words, was US construction --
Marie Z. Ziegler: We would not drill into that level of granularity and so again Im sorry but Im going to stick with the fact that were somewhat positive in the second quarter and the guidance for the full year is flat and again a remarkable achievement in the current environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Dowd  Bernstein.
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein :  I really just want to touch base on some of the international investments, so the investment you mentioned in Kaluga and you seemed to indicate earlier on the call that capacity expansion in Brazil is probably being considered. When do you think incremental revenues, it would be realistic to expect to see them? Is that in 09 or is it later in 09 or beyond that?
Marie Z. Ziegler: From those existing projects, the incremental revenues will kick in fairly rapidly, but I dont know what actions we may choose to take in the future that would overall affect the incremental margin thats being generated. Again, as we see opportunities to invest in these very good markets, our model says that this is the time that we should be investing as we have high value-added projects to add. 
Daniel Dowd  Bernstein: It seems reasonable to expect given what are probably explosive growth opportunities that the issue of higher than usual SA&G is likely to linger for a while. This is not likely to get straightened out in the next four quarters or so. Is that correct or do you actually think the overseas margins are likely to pretty rapidly close in on the domestic margins?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I think on the SA&G, I wouldnt use the terminology straightened out. Were making some deliberate choices to invest for the future and I do expect that we will continue to be in an investment mode in some of those growth markets for a period of time and thats really consistent with the opportunities weve seen in the future in some of those countries. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company.
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: I noticed that on the international side your sales growth has gone from 32% to 37% to 46% in the last three quarters but your incremental margin in international has gone from 30% to 26% to 14% so its basically cut in half. Are raw materials and component issues far more of a problem overseas than in North America, perhaps due to the fragmentation of those markets?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I havent heard real significant differentiation between the challenges in any one country or any one geographic market. I dont know, Mike, if you have had a chance --
Bill Ratzburg: I think it has to do maybe with the mix of products, where theyre produced, and where the absorption occurs in the factories versus where the revenues are counted. As an example, large tractors made in Waterloo have good incremental margin absorption. The manufacturing impact accrues in the North American operations but revenue is occurring overseas. So I think that when you do the segmentation of the domestic versus international, you get a certain distortion because of that, so you kind of I think look at the whole to get a better picture.
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Is Deere channeling some incentives and other market share and expansion costs through SG&A, especially internationally? In other words, is it a strategy of Deere to spend as it were some of the strong EPS gains on market expansion, thereby capping the upside to EPS?
Marie Z. Ziegler: No, when we talk about SA&G investments, were not talking about discounts as you suggest. Again in our pricing were looking at the value that were delivering to our overall customer. Our SA&G takes more of the form of when youre building a new factory, youre going to have people in position who would bring in machine tools, doing the market development, maybe strengthening a dealer network when you may not have revenue to offset that and a lot of our SA&G comes in the form of what I would generally call dealer development and market development. Weve got people on the ground helping to develop trade finance for example and banking relationships. We are investing in the Kaluga facility for example, its parts distribution. Parts is very important. Were setting up both networks. So its that kind of expenditure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: A question on the ag equipment capacity. Youre expanding Waterloo 25% and I dont imagine thats all going to be on by next year.
Marie Z. Ziegler: No, in fact, in the release, we said that we expect that it would be fully implemented in 2010.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: The question is the incremental increase that we would expect to get in 2009 with a partial expansion of Waterloo, a full year benefit of Montenegro and then I know at Harvester Works youre going through kind of a rolling upgrade there, but if we look at year-over-year production capacity increase, would we be talking about potentially something in the range of 10% or is it more incremental than that?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I certainly appreciate your interest and the reason for your questions but we are unable to provide guidance really, which is what youre asking for, for 2009 at this time, but I understand the reason for your question, Mark.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Then maybe just to clarify the Waterloo statement, is that an all or nothing in 2010, is it you flip a switch and we get capacity increase or does that gradually --
Marie Z. Ziegler: There would be some rolling benefits in 2009.
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, and then a follow up question then would be on the North American construction equipment business. What would you expect the underlying market retail sales outlook to be down how much percent this year? What underpins your segment forecast?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I think were down on the retail end for United States and Canadian retail construction were down in the 15% to 20% range I think as we would, in terms of sales, and again were being helped by the fact that last year we had taken $250 million out of our inventories and the other area that we havent focused very much on is that we even though the United States and Canadian markets are weak, we are seeing growth in forestry markets outside the US and Canada and even although off a very small base, even some activity in our construction equipment markets outside the US and Canada. Operator Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird.
Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: I wanted to ask about your South American forecast on Slide 12 forecasting retail up 30% now instead of 15% so much more positive, yet you identify, especially in the case of Argentina, two significant risk factors. What exactly are you assuming here in your upgraded forecast? Does this represent a case that could get better if these risk factors are relieved or is this a forecast based on sort of steady state conditions? 
Marie Z. Ziegler: Let me clarify the risk factors. One was cited for Brazil in terms of the status of the payments under [Phenom] and then the other one was the status of... its really not the status, its really the impact, of the export tax on commodities, essentially its soybeans. Thats been discussed although its on other agricultural commodities as well. 30% represents our best estimate, an assessment of what will happening the next six months. We felt, though, there were these two big issues that were looming and ultimately how they play out we dont know, but 30% is our best estimate and Im not sure, I would be reluctant to speculate whether theres upside or downside. This is our best estimate.
Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: But youre not specifically making a call on whether Argentinean farmers are going to quit protesting and go back to work.
Marie Z. Ziegler: I would not presume that to try to make a call one way or the other. This is based on what our own order positions are, what were hearing from customers in the market, etc., and again that up 30% is an industry look for all of America. 
Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: And then the other question I wanted to ask was about the agricultural tire situation that you mentioned. How is this impacting your outlook? Does it have a bigger effect on revenue? In other words, making it more difficult to get product shipped, or is it more a margin issue that youre having to go to non-traditional suppliers, maybe inbound transport costs are higher than they otherwise would be.
Marie Z. Ziegler: I think the situation has tightened certainly in the last 90 days and I would also, to be fair, point out that we have increased our production outlook for worldwide ag and of course tractors would be part of that. Our suppliers are doing a very good job of meeting our needs in the face of such significant increase. We felt that it would be appropriate to point out that we may have some spot issues in terms of availability. Again, our forecast reflects our best estimate of our availability of materials so were not trying to gain the system so to speak but just make you aware that things are tighter than they were.
Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: So if Im inferring correctly, your concern is more revenue opportunity then it is profitability related specifically to tire --
Marie Z. Ziegler: It would be both. Obviously all commodities are up. Were seeing pressure in as you mentioned steel and tires and all kinds of oil-related commodities, so theres pressure on that end, but additionally with the very rapid increase in schedules, really not only from us but for the industry, there is a fair amount of pressure on our suppliers who again are working very hard to meet our needs but in the face of such big increases, sometimes it gets more exciting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: On the currency, Marie, in looking at the second half in your forecast, are you basically just assuming that the currency levels stay where they are?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Yes.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: Youre talking about the year over year impact of the current currency levels.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Yes.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: So if the dollar went up, for example, then that currency effect might be less than youre forecasting.
Marie Z. Ziegler: You are correct.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: Now on the point of, I want a clarification if I can get it, on your incremental margin statement, 30%. Which line are you talking about? Gross profit or operating?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Operating profit and net sales and were looking at the change year over year in net sales and the change year over year in operating profit and the 30% is an objective that we have for the construction and forestry equipment and the agricultural divisions on average over time. Thats not a projection for any one quarter.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: So this includes after youve subtracted SG&A allocation?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Yes. That is correct.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: So my question is, this 30% can only be achieved within a small volume range because obviously if you achieve that over time, your operating margin would approach 30% as methodically. 
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thats true. Youre assuming that --
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: What does that volume range and are we close to the top of it or the bottom of it?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I think it would depend on when we see growth opportunities and when we choose to make investments. When we look at the future of our ag business, the fact that we are putting a new facility in Russia, we are adding capacity at Waterloo. You see a pretty good level candidly of capital expenditures as were looking at opportunities really in many product lines in many countries and we see a very bright future that we would not be making these investments if we didnt see very good return opportunities as we move over time.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: But the 30% you said is cont ruction and forestry target.
Marie Z. Ziegler: On average and ag. I said and ag.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: And ag.
Marie Z. Ziegler: And ag and on average over time.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: But what would you expect to hit as an operating margin if you get to the 30% within a certain volume range? You cant obviously continue that for too long or youre going to run into capacity problems so what would be your average target? It cant be 30%.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Our incremental margin?
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder: No. Operating margin.
Marie Z. Ziegler: We dont aspire to an absolute margin, you are correct at 30%, and our margin targets, we dont have specific margin targets per se. We are instead looking at the returns on invested capital and on business with the intention of growing them over time. Our measure for that is SGA and our aspirations to grow that on average over time 7% annually. Thank you, Alex. I have time for one more question.
Operator: Your final question comes from Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to follow up on the components question. Im not sure I understand. You took up the production volumes and the revenues 5% in the guidance. You mentioned that this is a hindrance to achieving your results. Does that mean it would have been up more ex the components issue or does that mean its a hindrance more in 3Q and you have confidence that its getting better in 4Q?
Marie Z. Ziegler: You mean the availability?
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: I guess what Im saying is that on the ag you talk about the components as being in short supply and hindering your ability to achieve good results and yet you take the volume up 5% so Im just trying to figure out if it would have been up more or if its just a temporary shortage in 3Q. Does that make sense?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I think that we expected that we will continue to see challenges off and on throughout the year. Were very pleased with the fact that we were able to take our product ion up from in worldwide ag from 23% to about 28% which is the five points that I presume you are alluding to, and I think were just pointing out that on any given day we may have some issues as we are working to deliver that our forecast assumes that we will deliver this. Im not really sure what else to say.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: No, thats fair. Maybe Ill say it in just a slightly different way. Is there any particular pinch point youre seeing in 3Q or is it just generally tight?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Again, Mike alluded to the fact that very candidly tires are an exciting commodity. Our tire suppliers have been working very hard with us but again in the face of some pretty significant increases that has been a bit of a challenge and those things arent substitutable between like construction where you may be able to get more bearings or something because construction business is a little lighter, you cant do that with agricultural tires, theyre very specific. But again I want to emphasize our suppliers are working with us and we actually were able to take up our projected volume.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Just to wrap it up with a final question on pricing, versus materials, if you had been able to forecast this extraordinary rise in steel, are you confident you could have gotten the pricing to offset the steel or was it just not able to guess which way the commodities are going or was it competitive pressure?
Marie Z. Ziegler: No, I would not say it was competitive pressure. When we actually do our pricing, we certainly take a look at whats happening in the commodity markets but were looking overall at a value picture in terms of the productivity, the features that were delivering to our customers, and were looking at things that are long-term sustainable for us and that makes sense in terms of the value proposition were delivering to our customers.
Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley: Okay, Ill leave it at that. Thank you.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thank you so much to all for participating in today's call, and as usual, well be around the rest of the day to answer your questions. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude todays conference call. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect your line.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Marie Ziegler  Vice President of Investor Relations Bill Ratzberg  Investor Relations Susan Karlix  Investor Relations Michael Mack  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Mark Douglass  Longbow Research Steven Hoffman  J.P. Morgan Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird David Raso  Citigroup Andrew Casey  Wachovia Capital Markets Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs Ann Duignan  Bear Stearns  Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research Seth Weber  Banc of America Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse Charlie Rentschler  Wall Street Access Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley Joel Tiss  Lehman Brothers 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Marie Ziegler, Vice President, Investor Relations. 
Marie Ziegler:  Good morning. Also on todays call are Michael Mack, our Chief Financial Officer, and Susan Karlix and Bill Ratzberg from our Investor Relations staff. Today we will take a closer look at our first quarter earnings, and then spend a few minutes talking about Deeres markets and where things are headed next year. After that, we will respond to your questions.  Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning and can be accessed on our website at www.deere.com. First though, some reminders: This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere, (Thomson?) and third parties. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call.  This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements.  Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the SEC. The company, except where required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information.  This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with GAAP; that would be the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is posted on our website at www.deere.com/financialreports. This would be listed as under the first quarter 2008 reports. All participants should consider the other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on the call.  And now for a closer look at our first quarter, here is Bill.
Bill Ratzberg:  Thank you, Marie. Turning to slide 3, this morning Deere reported first quarter net income of $369 million; first quarter equipment operations net sales of $4.5 billion. Net income increased 54% and diluted earnings per share rose 60%.  On slide 4, first quarter total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 19% compared to the prior year quarter. About 4 points related to positive currency translation. There are about 2 points of price realization and LESCO added about another two points. The remainder is primarily from increased volume.  On slide 5, you can see our first quarter production tonnage was up 21%. For the second quarter, world tonnage is expected to increase about 19%. For the full fiscal year 2008 worldwide production tonnage is now forecasted to be up 15% versus our previous forecast of up 7%. Both are driven by a strong, global market.  Regarding our company outlook, lets turn to slide 6. For the second quarter of 2008, we expect company wide equipment operations net sales to be up about 23%, with Ag contributing the bulk of this increase. Currency is expected to account for about 3 points, with sales from LESCO adding about another $200 million. Net income is expected to be about $700 to $725 million in the quarter.  For the full-year, we are now forecasting net equipment sales to be up about 17% compared with fiscal year 2007. This includes about 3 points of currency and about 2 points of net price realization. For 2008, net income forecasted increased to approximately $2.2 billion.  Lets turn now to a review of our individual businesses, starting with Agricultural Equipment on slide 7. While the press release describes the major items affecting financial results, let me mention a few others. Of the 33% net sales increase in the first quarter, currency translation accounted for about 6 points and Ningbo Benye, our newest acquisition in China, added about a point.  Operating profit increased to $332 million with currency translation contributing about $25 million. Inventories rose as the division ramped up to meet increasing global demand. The resulting additional absorption, contributed about 7 of the 29 points of incremental margin in the quarter. Looking ahead, global Ag fundamentals are very encouraging. Worldwide stocks-to-use ratios remain at very low levels, particularly for corn and wheat. In fact, on slide 8, youll note that for wheat, corn and soybeans on a global basis, use is projected to exceed demand in the crop year 2007-2008.  Slide 9 highlights the exceptional strength of the futures markets for these important commodities. All of this supports Deeres meaningful changes in forecasted commodity prices, as seen on slide 10. Turning to slide 11, in December, the United States enacted the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, which significantly expanded mandatory levels of renewable fuels, providing support for the continuing investments being made in ethanol and defining target levels and time-frames for more advanced bio-fuels as well.  This may support significant and exciting new opportunities for Deere equipment and services related to the planting, cultivating, harvesting and handling of other cellulosic materials.  Slide 12 portrays the near-tripling of annual usage of U.S. corn needing for conversion to ethanol mandated by the Energy bill. This all certainly provides strong support for good levels of farm income globally, and as shown in the United States on slide 13, the current estimate for 2007 total cash receipts approaches $300 billion, a more than $40 billion increase over 2006.  Just as importantly, total U.S. cash receipts are expected to be above the $300 billion for the subsequent two years. All of this translates into a stronger order book at John Deere, not only for tractors and combines, but also for products like sprayers and seeding equipment. Providing solid support for our outlook for industry sales of agricultural equipment in the United States and Canada, as shown on slide 14, which is now up 15% to 20% from 2007. In addition, our industry outlook for South America is up 15% or more. The increased industry forecast for South America is supported by slide 15, which demonstrates that farm incomes continue to accelerate in Brazil and Argentina; in particular, note the substantial 2008 increase from our previous forecast just 3 months ago.  Slide 16 highlights the strength of the European Ag market as well. As shown on slide 17, our 2008 outlook for Western Europe is now for industry sales to be up 3% to 5% for the fiscal year, and strong growth expected to continue in Central Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States countries, including Russia. So putting this all together, slide 18 depicts a stronger worldwide outlook for the sale of John Deere farm machinery. Net sales are now projected to be up about 28%, with currency accounting for about 4 points of the increase. Just as currency will affect net sales, it will also affect forecasted operating profit, adding about $90 million for the full year. As we discussed last quarter, growth, tier-three product costs and tier-four engineering costs will affect the 2008 incremental margin. We continue to identify opportunities for growth, and we have the financial strength to make the required investments.  Consistent with our strategy, just as we tighten our belts, when business conditions get more difficult, we also intend to invest in growth, both when times are good and when exciting opportunities are discovered.  Therefore, this year, we have elected to further accelerate new product and geographic development. The Ag division now anticipates spending an additional $50 million in R&D and an additional $120 million in SA&G compared to our previous guidance.  About half of the SA&G increase is a result of currency translation. The increase at constant exchange rates is about $60 million. In addition, the forecast calls for a modest increase in inventory x-currency.  Although the first quarter benefited from increased overhead absorption due to the inventory build, for the full-year, the forecast has no absorption benefit. Reflecting this increased investment in our future, the forecast anticipates the 2008 incremental margin to be 20% to 25% compared to our previous guidance of about 25%.  Lets move now to our Commercial and Consumer Equipment business, on slide 19, where reported net sales were up 16% in the quarter, with about 14 points of that increase coming from LESCO.  Last years new product introductions continue to drive excellent customer interest, helping to offset challenging market conditions. Operating profit declined. As expected the consolidation of LESCO accounted for most of the decline as shown on slide 20.  The first quarter is a seasonally weak quarter for this business. Not surprisingly, in the United States not much fertilizer is applied in the November to January time period. For the full year, we expect LESCO results to be much closer to breakeven. Turning to the Commercial and Consumer Equipment outlook on slide 21, for fiscal 2008, we now anticipate sales to be up about 8%, about 7 points of which are related to LESCO.  Portions of the business continue to be affected by the housing slowdown and general economic conditions. Our forecast reflects slightly lower incremental sales at LESCO from our previous guidance as the rise in fertilizer prices is expected to reduce applications demand by consumers.  But our forecast also reflects the exciting new product offerings coming to market this year, including the Z-Trak Pro and Estate mowing lines, Select Series homeowner models and Utility vehicles.  Lets focus now on construction and forestry on slide 22, where sales were down 6% for the quarter. Despite very challenging economic conditions in the U.S., production tonnage increased 2% over the first quarter of 2007, and quarterly operating profit was relatively strong at $117 million or over 11% of net sales and up 23% from 2007.  The division benefited from producing closer to retail demand, made possible by exceptional inventory management in 2007, and some positive price realization in the quarter. Full-year forecast still has pricing remaining relatively flat with 2007, unchanged from our previous expectation.  Turning to slide 23, the net sales outlook for the full-year of 2008 continues to be approximately flat, in spite of challenging conditions in the United States, with construction spending declining by 10%; new housing starts declining further to $1 million for the year, and GDP growth slowing to 1.9%. This flat net sales forecast is due to producing closer to retail demand, reflecting our disciplined inventory management, consistent with our SVA strategy and new products including the h-series skidders, j-series backhoes, and radial arms skid steer loaders.  Moving now to our credit operations, as you see on slide 24, credit losses continue to remain low with the provision running well below its ten year average. And as further evidence of John Deeres superior credit quality, turn to slide 25. We recently received support from rating agencies to increase the companys leverage from the current 8.5 to 1 to 10 to 1.  The actual change, which will occur in the form of a dividend to Deere & Company is expected to happen in the second quarter. While this does result in higher interest expense, expected to be about $10 million after tax, this certainly represents a more efficient use of capital for the enterprise. Very importantly, SVA for both John Deere credit and the enterprise will increase due to the change in leverage, again reflecting the quality of our credit portfolio.  Turning to operating results on slide 26, current reported net income in the quarter of about $96 million, up from about $87 million a year ago, among other things, on the strength of a larger credit portfolio and higher crop insurance income.  Our forecasted credit net income for fiscal 2008 is now about $365 million versus the previous forecast of $375 million, with the approximate $10 million decrease explained by the change resulting from higher leverage. Moving on to retail sales, lets look at receivables and inventory. Slide 27 lists by division the change in receivables and inventory at the end of the first quarter of 2008 versus the end of the first quarter of 2007. Youll note that the reported trade receivables and inventory at January 31 was a little over $800 million higher than a year ago, although on a constant exchange rate basis, they are up only $476 million. The Ag division came in at $891 million higher. Currency translation accounted for about $235 million of the Ag division increase. The majority of the inventory increase however is supporting current business conditions.  For C&CE, excluding LESCO, trade receivables and inventory declined over $90 million. As seen on slide 28, our 2008 year-end forecast calls for flat inventories and trade receivables in C&CE and C&F and higher levels for the Ag division again supporting strong global market conditions.  Before turning to housekeeping, let us discuss the latest on retail sales. Industry data for January retail sales for the United States and Canada is not yet available, so there is no slide. Our commentary is expected to be released separately this coming Friday on our Investor website at www.deere.com and can also be accessed at that time by dialing 309-765-5149. Deere dealer inventories in the U.S. and Canada remain in very good shape. On slide 29, you see that for row-crop tractors, Deere ended January with inventories at 23% of trailing 12-month sales. Combine inventories were at low levels  8% of trailing 12-month sales. Turning to slide 30, in Western Europe, sales of John Deere tractors were up double-digits in January and sales of combines were down double-digits. Moving to slide 31, Deeres retail sales of Commercial and Consumer Equipment in the United States and Canada were up a single digit in January. Construction and Forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada were down double-digits on both a First-in-the-Dirt and Settlement basis.  Now lets touch on a few housekeeping items. Regarding raw material and freight, lets move to slide 32. In the first quarter, these costs rose approximately $50 million versus last year. For the full-year, we now expect these costs to increase by about $250 million, compared our previous forecast of up $150 to $175 million, driven by increases in items like tires, steel, diesel fuel, resins and currency.  Looking at R&D expense on slide 33, spending was up about 16% in the first quarter. For the full-year, R&D expense is now expected to increase about 12% compared to our previous guidance of up 5%, with virtually all of the increase coming in the Ag division as previously discussed. Moving now to slide 34, SA&G expense for the Equipment operations was up 20% in the first quarter with about 14 points of that increase coming from global growth initiatives and currency translation.  Our fiscal year 2008 forecast now includes SA&G expense increases of about 11% over 2007, with about 8 points of that increase coming from global growth initiatives and currency translation. As with R&D, the Ag division accounts for all of the increase from previous guidance.  Regarding the tax rate on slide 35, during the first quarter, the effective tax rate was about 33% due to discrete items. The fiscal year 2008 forecast full-year tax rate remains at about 35%.  Actual shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were about $436 million as shown on slide 36. You can also see the history of share repurchases since 2004. Approximately 29 million shares remain under the current 40 million share repurchase program, approved by the Board of Directors in May of 2007. Slide 37 provides some additional information related to fiscal year 2008. For Equipment operations, capital expenditures are now forecast to be up about $750 million with the change driven primarily by the Ag division.  Depreciation and amortization is still expected to be about $450 million and we now anticipate funding of about $425 million in pension and OPEB contributions over the year. For financial services, capital expenditures relating to wind are now expected to total about $450 million in 2008 as they build their portfolio. Looking ahead, 2008 is starting out very strongly. Deere is expecting another year of exceptional financial performance with excellent cash generation. SVA continues to prove to be a powerful force in managing and guiding the company.  At the same time, we are well-positioned to continue benefiting from powerful global economic trends involving growing affluence, increasing demand for food, and rising use of biofuels. We continue to drive to build, grow and sustain a great business and we are looking forward to delivering superior results in 2008. 
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Bill. We are now ready to begin with our Q&A. The operator will instruct us on procedures. But as a reminder, in consideration of others, please limit yourselves to one question with one follow-up. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Andrew Casey  Wachovia Capital Markets.  
Andrew Casey  Wachovia Capital Markets:  On Construction and Forestry performance, can you talk more about what drove the year-to-year improvement despite the revenue decline? Was that primarily the improved pricing that you talked about or was there something in the 2% tonnage increase as in less production shut-down days or mix shift or something else that drove the improvement?
Susan Karlix:  That would be the most significant item and it accounts for in round numbers $15 to $20 million of the improvement in the quarter. And again it has to do  and you are absolutely correct  with just more efficient factory operations and for those of who may not recall, during the first quarter of 2007 we stepped on brakes pretty hard for that division and ended the full-year taking receivables down about $250 million.  No question, pricing was positive and also some expense control, but the majority of the benefit is really from producing closer to retail.
Andrew Casey  Wachovia Capital Markets: On Ag Equipment, can you talk about what if any drag the ramp up of the new tractor production facility in Brazil had on the quarter?
Susan Karlix: It wouldnt have had a material, meaningful impact. They are in production now and by the end of the second quarter we would expect they will be clicking along very well. All the production was transferred out of Horozontina in the first quarter. 
Michael Mack:  I would just say, compared to a year-ago it would be a positive because you are starting to get some factory absorption, not as much as you are going to get in subsequent quarters, but compared to a year-ago, I think it would be a positive. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from David Raso  Citigroup.
David Raso  Citigroup:  Question on the Ag incremental margins: it looks like if you backed out the incremental costs that you are accelerating on R&D, and the SG&A part  even just the SG&A part that is not currency  it looks like you actually raised your core incremental margin for Ag about 3 to 4 basis points. Keeping the raw material common.  Can you help us understand the incremental margin improvement for the year, is that something still to come? Maybe its the Brazil comment you just made, or overall, why are we seeing that incremental margin outlook improve?
Susan Karlix: I am not sure, David, our incremental margin improvement, the calculation of the guidance from last time was about 25% incremental margins and now its
David Raso  Citigroup: And its 25% again.
Susan Karlix: Its 20% to 25%. We have taken it down just a little bit and that little bit really reflects the acceleration that Bill talked about of our R&D and then some SA&G and a little bit of material.
David Raso  Citigroup: The core is still being held steady?
Susan Karlix: Yes.
David Raso  Citigroup: Given the higher CapEx, accelerated R&D, can you flesh out a little bit more for us where these growth opportunities are? If Im taking more R&D and CapEx on this year and so forth, trying to think through 2009 incrementals and so forth, can you help us flesh out where these opportunities are? Will these things be concluded in 2008?
Susan Karlix: No, in a word. In terms of the incremental change in our Cap expenditure guidance  and just for those who may not recall, our previous guidance was $600 to $700 million and now we are looking at about $750 million  that change really is all driven by the Ag division. It really would reflect several geographies we are contemplating, candidly, some additional capacity, and no final decisions have been made on that and then, as we are ramping up some of our R&D, there is tooling and things that go along with that.  And then some of the increase is candidly due to currency too, just because the dollar continues to devalue a bit. 
David Raso  Citigroup: Just to be clear, though, these activities, the idea of 2008 into 2009, I am just trying to think through, again maybe if you can flesh out a little bit more the capacity additions, the growth opportunities. Just how should I think through the incremental in 2008; is it something that then is a benefit on a year-over-year comp situation in 2009, or have you now laid out growth opportunities for us to think of this as 24-month activities on a higher R&D and CapEx?
Susan Karlix: We are really not prepared to comment on 2009 at this time. As we have talked about, we have product opportunities throughout the world, including in the U.S. but certainly market expansion in Brazil, Russia, India, China, even Western Europe. We are really looking at product line development that will benefit us in all areas. If business continues to stay very good, if we continue to find additional opportunities to further step up our investment in our business, David, I cant say that the spending might not continue at an even increased level in 2009, but we are just not prepared to address that yet.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird.
Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: Two questions related to the Ag segment outlook. One, to what extent is the improvement in your industry outlook accounted for by better-than-expected first quarter conditions and how much of it is then dependent on an improved outlook for the balance of the year?
Susan Karlix: I dont think I can differentiate between what changed in the first quarter versus the rest of the year. I can say that obviously our outlook for cash receipts improved not only for this year, but for 2007, and 2007 cash receipts clearly have an impact on 2008.  Then our order book has continued to develop very nicely, and so that adds good support, and that is true not only in the U.S. but candidly and really throughout the globe. When we look at those market outlooks that we have, they are really supported by retail activity. 
Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: If those are the drivers of the revised outlook, shouldnt I infer from that that thats more forward-looking?
Susan Karlix: In what way? 
Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: The improved outlook for industry activity is more a function of a better outlook for the remainder of the year.
Michael Mack: I think it is growth. I think retail activities were better-than-expected in the first quarter, and the order book, which relates to the rest of the year also looks quite good and then finally, the fundemantals, thats reflected in the commodity prices are improving as we go on into the year as well. 
Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird: My related question is, within that improved forecast, my sense is that your outlook improved particularly at the high-end of the product range. Is that the case, and wouldnt that be a positive indicator for profitability?
Susan Karlix: We certainly have seen strength at the larger end of the horsepower range, there is no question big combines and big tractors are doing well in a lot of geographies. So that would be true, and again, that improvement though Rob is reflected in our margin guidance, which does by the way, for 2008 imply an improved operating margin out of our Ag division. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Steven Hoffman  J.P. Morgan.
Steven Hoffman  J.P. Morgan: Taking a step back, I am amazed at the Construction Equipment margin and I think it is interesting that there is basically less than a point difference between Construction and Ag given what is going on in the end-markets; that is surprising to me.  I wonder if there are things that you are doing in Construction that can be migrated into the Ag over time that can potentially widen that out, or whether you think there is something specific to those businesses which are just fundamentally different. 
Susan Karlix: We are very gratified that you observed the good performance in our Construction and Forestry division and this really relates to the fundamental changes in the way we are managing our businesses. When times are good, we have much higher targets and when times are difficult, we step on the gas; I talked about some expense control in some of our spending programs, for example. No question that you are seeing the benefits of keeping those inventories in close alignment as close as possible with retail. And most definitely, that would most positively affect our Ag division as we move forward.  Ag, right now, is being somewhat penalized, if you will, by future investments for growth. We have been candid in the last conference call and in this conference call, talking about some additional investments that we are making as we see opportunities globally. 
Michael Mack:  You may recall our presentation from Waterloo back in September of 2006; we talked about trough management and back at that time, Construction and Forestry was working on this, they really put in place very detailed plans what they would do if they had down environments in terms of the external demand and the levers they would pull, so they could reduce their variable costs as quickly as they could to respond to the environment. We actually do have studies across all of our businesses on this particular topic and the whole idea is to be able to have reduced volatility in our earnings through the cycle, which we believe will ultimately result in multiple expansion for our company. 
Steven Hoffman  J.P. Morgan: Just to tie that up, at some point in the Ag cycle we should expect margins to be higher than they were historically?
Susan Karlix: We would be on track to be delivering on that this year with that improved incremental margin that we are talking about. If youll recall our previous peak margin in Ag was about 14%, but that was when the receivables were actually held in the parent company operations and interest expense was below the line.  Now, as I think you are all aware, the bulk of the receivables are held by the credit company  they are the inner-company charge  and we show it on our financial statements; that reimburses the credit companies for that carrying cost and the margin, and that actually impacted our Ag equipment margins on average by about 2 points.  Of course, last year the Ag division had in round numbers a 12% margin, so we actually duplicated that peak margin and so this year we would be on track to improve that; at least that is whats implied in our financial forecast. 
Steven Hoffman  J.P. Morgan: How big is the dividend that is going to come out as a result of the higher leverage?
Michael Mack: We anticipated about $320 million.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Eli Lustgarten  Longbow Research.
Mark Douglass  Longbow Research:  This is Mark Douglass for Eli. A question about your outlook in the second half of 08. With net sales anticipated for full year at 17% and net sales being so strong this quarter and your 23% next quarter help me view the back half of 08 because it looks like it would be pretty weak. Am I missing something? The comp on Q3?
Marie Ziegler:  Well, there is no question that as we move through the year, our comps get more difficult because of course we were ramping up business pretty significantly throughout 2007. So your observation would be correct that the year-over-year change does narrow but its not because the business is declining, but rather because you are coming up against a much more difficult I shouldnt say difficult, but a time when businesses was improving pretty significantly.
Mark Douglass  Longbow Research: Right, right, certainly in the fourth quarter. On the tax rate can you talk a little bit more about the impacts to the 33% and why you might expect 35% for the rest of the year?
Marie Ziegler:  Its really discrete items which is a whole host of items and our statutory guidance would be 35% and right now based on what we know any other items that are coming there is not enough of an offset in subsequent quarters to keep that rate below 35%. That is what it weights out to. There is just a host of things on the equipment operations.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs : A question on the Brazilian ag outlook, I am struck by the magnitude of the increase in the farmer income projections relative to a more modest increase in your outlook for sales there. Could you update us on where you see the credit situation there? Its a nice increase, but its a relatively muted increase in your outlook for South America ag retail sales relative to a very strong uptick in your forecast for farmer income.
Marie Ziegler:  Thats an astute observation in terms of Brazil. We continue to be cautious because of the status of tsunami. The situation has changed several times, as you know, over the course of the year. For those who may not recall, there has been a deferral of payments that were due in May of 2007. Now, 70% of the payments that Deere was due have been made on that. So we still have about 30% of our customers who have not paid.  At this time, we actually expect that those 2007 payments are due on the 15th of February, which would be in two days. The government has indicated there would no further extensions and that January, February and March 2008 payments will be due the 31st of March and then there will be no more extensions on the remainder of 2008 payments. But we just remain cautious because the situation has been changing on an ongoing basis and that caution is reflected in that guidance for the year.
Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs : That 30% is still outstanding as of today, essentially? 
Marie Ziegler:  It would as of the end of January.
Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs : The related or follow up question is, Im wondering if you can differentiate for us on your forecast for construction and forestry sales to be flat, if you can provide some color differentiating the construction piece versus the forestry piece?
Marie Ziegler:  Actually, for the full year we expect that our forestry sales will be up slightly, that the strength in overseas markets will offset weakness that we are seeing in the United States and Canada. That would imply then that if you are up very slightly in forestry, and forestry is 20% to 25% of the business, you are down just a little bit on the construction side.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Ann Duignan  Bear Stearns.
Ann Duignan  Bear Stearns : I am just laughing here because its probably the first time I have ever heard Deere say on a conference call that their outlook was very encouraging, its like farmers telling me that they are cautiously optimistic so things must be pretty good.  My question is around the 2008 Economic Stimulus Bill which we expect President Bush to sign today. Obviously when signed that would allow for accelerated depreciation and Section 179 expensing, which back in 2004 we saw a significant pick up in demand as farmers took advantage of that.
Marie Ziegler:  It wouldnt only be farmers, it would potentially benefit contractors, our commercial landscapers et cetera.
Ann Duignan  Bear Stearns : No, I agree. I guess on the agricultural side, I think you are saying that you would expect that it will be stimulative. My real question is if demand did pick up for tax spending, particularly in agriculture, would you be able to meet greater demand?
Marie Ziegler:  Do we have additional capacity through the end of the calendar year? Yes, we do.
Ann Duignan  Bear Stearns : My second question is around the increase in raw material and freight costs. Can you explain, I am struggling a little bit to understand why freight costs will be going up?
Marie Ziegler:  Its diesel fuel. The fuel prices are higher than what we had in our base assumptions. That has driven higher inbound freight. Its one of five factors. I mean, its a little bit collectively from all those five factors. A small percentage increase in freight, a little higher steel costs, a little higher tire, a little higher resins thats affecting, even landscapes, cost of their pipes that they put in; its just a host of things.
Ann Duignan  Bear Stearns: Are there any supply constraints on your horizons that you are trying to work through or bottleneck in the supply chain that have accelerated?
Marie Ziegler:  Accelerated? No. On any given day, there are always issues somewhere but we actually went out and just check with our supply management and our factory production folks and based on what we know of our current material availability, we will meet our production forecasts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  Marie, going back again to worldwide construction and forestry and the operating profit increase, you said producing closer retail demand was the main factor. What exactly did you mean? Do you mean that last year you reduced inventories so this year you might have actually increased production in that division, even though sales were down? Is that right?
Marie Ziegler:  We had a little bit of higher tonnage, but we also were able to operate a little more efficiently in terms our factories and the change last year that it cost us in terms of incremental margin around $20 million and this year it has turned around that it is more of a benefit, and we talked earlier of $15 million to $20 million.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  Yes, but what was that exactly, the $15 million to $20 million?
Marie Ziegler:  That is the benefit of not having to be reducing your inventories. I am not sure. Last year we were under-producing in retail so under-absorption.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  Under-absorption of inventory, so this year you didnt have that so that added $15 million to $20 million to the profit.
Marie Ziegler:  In the quarter.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  In the quarter, right.
Marie Ziegler:  The first quarter was most significantly impacted last year. So I do want to make that clear that this is the quarter that will have the biggest benefit.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  The inventory increase quarter-over-quarter was $950 million or so?
Marie Ziegler:  Are you looking year over year?
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  I am looking quarter over quarter, $952 million up from October 31. Last year it was only $527 million during the quarter that it increased. So, you have basically a lot bigger absorption benefit this year than last year. But you still had even if you adjust for that, you had very good incremental margins of around 27%, even after adjusting for the difference in absorption year over year. But you are going to have to reduce that inventory some time in the year. So there is going to be a quarter when your margins are going to be hurt by that; which quarter would that be, the fourth quarter? 
Marie Ziegler:  Well as we know, our guidance for the full year is that receivables and inventories are flat.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  Right.
Marie Ziegler:  So the construction and equipment division for the full year will have about, lets say in round numbers about a $15 million benefit, again from just being able to produce at retail.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  Right.
Marie Ziegler:  As you move out later in the year, because we stepped on the gas very hard in the first quarter and there was some impact in the second quarter, a little less as you moved through the year. You would expect that benefit will diminish as you get into the third and fourth quarters.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  Right, you are going to have to take $800 million out of inventory to get back to where it was.
Michael Mack:  Of that amount, $339 million is foreign exchange.
Marie Ziegler:  No, he is looking strictly at construction.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  No, I am actually looking at total inventory, what I have been talking about.
Marie Ziegler:  I am sorry. I thought you were talking about construction.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  I first started talking about construction and then I shifted over to total. Youve got 3288 minus 2337, so you are up $950 million. Youve got to take that out to get it flat for the year, thats what I am saying. So some quarters are going to be hurt by under-absorption in order to get that inventory back down again. Thats usually the fourth quarter, is that what you anticipate?
Marie Ziegler:  Incrementally this year -- I am sorry, I didnt realize you switched away from construction. Incrementally for the overall company, again, the third and the fourth quarters would not have the same degree of incremental benefit because last year we were ramping up so significantly in the ag division.
Alex Blanton  Ingalls & Snyder:  Actually, you will be reducing inventory so it will be a detriment, wont it? Going back down?
Marie Ziegler:  Incrementally you do not get the same benefit, that is correct, in the third and fourth quarters.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch:  A question on pricing by region in ag; what can you tell us about relative ranking of regions in terms of how good the pricing is?
Marie Ziegler:  Actually I am not going to be able to comment on that. Our practice is to comment strictly on price realization for the overall company, which was 2 points in the quarter and I really dont have too much more to add to that.
Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch:  You are talking about declining farm cash receipts in the U.S. in 09, granted off a very, very high base.
Marie Ziegler:  And its a very small change and its really like $3 billion or $4 billion and almost $3 billion of it is explained by the absence of a disaster payment running through government payments being made this year. It was about $3 billion government disaster payment voted on last year, about $500 million we think was paid in 07 and the remainder is being paid this year. So thats a really a primary explanation for that change.
Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch:  Historically there has been a relationship directionally between the direction of farm cash receipts and direction of unit sales in the U.S. Do you expect just taking a 30,000 foot view that retail sales can continue to grow in the U.S. in 09 off 08 levels?
Marie Ziegler:  Well, do recall that equipment sales are affected by cash receipts from the previous year as well as the current year. You have had a very significant increase in cash receipts really for 2007. Youve got another step up in 2008 and cash receipts from crops, I would point out, will increase in our forecast anyway in 2009. So we will stay tuned; we are going to certainly stop short of speculating on 2009 equipment demand. We wont be talking about that until November.
Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch:  It doesnt sound like you are thinking its going down or staying flat, right? I that a fair statement?
Marie Ziegler:  I am going to have to stop short of providing 2009 guidance.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research. 
Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research:  I have a question on construction and forestry; given that you have lowered housing starts outlook and a slight tick off of GDP forecast. What would your industry retail sales outlook be now relative to what it was before?
Marie Ziegler:  It would be down a bit in terms of the U.S. and Canada. Actually what is helping Deere & Company specifically is we are seeing better sales growth outside the U.S. and Canada and you understand thats off a relatively low base. We are seeing some good levels of activity there. Currency has a little bit of benefit in terms of that sales guidance as well.
Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research:  So, the retail sales?
Marie Ziegler:  In the U.S. and Canada would be down from our previous guidance, that would be true.
Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research:  I am just wondering, can you give me an idea of what it was and what it is now? Was it down like 10 and it went down 5, something like that?
Marie Ziegler:  I dont have the Deere retail; Ill tell you that industry we probably would have been down in the 6 to 8 range in the U.S. and Canada and we are probably now in the 14 or 15 range in our sizes et cetera.
Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research:  So therefore if you are keeping your revenue expectations flat, you are expecting to outperform pretty considerably and just a little piece of that is that international forestry, so whats going on domestically?
Marie Ziegler:  There is also construction equipment sales that are occurring outside U.S. and Canada as well. Again, I just would cite there is some currency benefit.
Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research:  So just a little here and there. Okay, then just a couple little detail things. The overall revenue outlook went from 12% to 17% and you called out the currency impact in the 17% that you are looking for now. What was the currency embedded in the original 12% outlook?
Marie Ziegler:  It would have been the full company less than a point.
Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research:  1% and then finally the operating income impact from foreign currency you commented earlier would be roughly $90 million for the year. Would there be an offset to that somewhere below the line or could I take that $90 million just tax affected and thats your earnings impact?
Marie Ziegler:  Basically, yes.
Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research:  So there is no offset?
Marie Ziegler:  There might be a little below the line, but not very much.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Seth Weber  Banc of America.
Seth Weber  Banc of America:  Relative to the first quarters sales guidance you gave last quarter, you were looking for up I think 25% for the first quarter and it came I think up 19%. Is that just a timing issue or can you give us any color of where things were perhaps a little bit slower than you thought?
Marie Ziegler:  Its really more of a timing issue than anything. All three equipment divisions would have been off just a little bit from what their original sales guidance was. But its more timing. You can see that again by our sales guidance.
Seth Weber  Banc of America:  Last quarter you were kind enough to give us tractor availability for the 9000s and the 8000s out where you saw them out through the calendar year. Can you give us an update on that data?
Marie Ziegler:  Certainly, for the fiscal year. For small frame that would be like mid-July; the larger frames would be the higher horsepowers and that would be early August; 8000s mid-September; 9000s there is no factory availability really through the end of the fiscal year, which for us would be 31 October but we certainly have dealer inventory available and we are certainly doing everything we can to meet customer demand. For combine, we would find ourselves in a similar position in terms of the 2008 harvest which would basically be about the first of September. There is definitely availability after the first of September on combines as well.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse. 
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse:  I think you said in one of the responses that you could be potentially adding capacity. Without getting into too much color, when would you make a decision on that. When you are thinking about adding capacity would that be in markets you are already in heavily whether it be the U.S. or South America or would we be looking at other markets, Asia Pacific or Eastern Europe.
Marie Ziegler:  I am not going to be able to give you any more definitive guidance. We are just not prepared to make any comment.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse:  Can you comment on pricing? You said 2% overall, would it be fair to assume that farm was much stronger than that? I am impressed you are still getting pricing in construction and forestry.
Marie Ziegler:  We are still getting price utilization in construction and forestry. I would say that in the quarter you couldnt infer that ag was significantly stronger. I would say overall for the full year as you think about our guidance in construction in view of the difficult market we are still looking for basically a neutral year on pricing; that probably implies a little more in ag.
Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse:  A follow-up to pricing, as I think about pricing longer term and the fact that you are investing so much in the ag division whether its R&D or growth in new product et cetera theoretically given all this investment that you are doing we should get it back and we should see pricing rising over time, especially when you are in one of the strongest farm markets weve ever seen?
Marie Ziegler:  I think that will clearly be our objective. I cant put that into a forecast, but that would certainly be the intent.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Charlie Rentschler  Wall Street Access. 
Charlie Rentschler  Wall Street Access:  I am glad to see you are finally jacking up the CapEx in the ag like I told you to a year-and-a-half ago. My question is CapEx with wind, you are making a big bet on wind. Tell me first, where is Uncle Sam with the tax credit and how is that affecting you? Can you give us a little bit of understanding of wind? Is this all domestic, your investment? Thats $400 million. Thats over half of your regular CapEx investment. Can you tell us, is this going to be ongoing at this level beyond this year, please?
Marie Ziegler:  First of all, the tax credits expire at the end of this year. They are widely anticipated that they will be renewed or effected after the 31st of December of this year but we dont know that at this time.
Charlie Rentschler  Wall Street Access:  Thats why you are going giddy up here?
Marie Ziegler:  Well no, I cant really say thats we are going giddy up, but certainly we would expect those tax credits will be renewed. We are in the process of looking at turbine orders for 2009 and to the extent that there would be a delay in the legislation there are other markets that can take those turbines.  Right now, our business is all based in the U.S. When you look at the capital expenditures however, Charlie, that 450 is separate and apart from the guidance in the equipment operations of 750.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley. 
Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley:  I wanted to ask also about pricing. Specifically, can you talk about the materials cost, can you characterize in dollars the percentage change terms from last year?
Marie Ziegler:  Percentage of raw material costs, I dont have the percentages, but raw material costs for the full company were up $183 million. So this year we are looking at $250 million.
Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley:  The real question is pricing. Is pricing going to be higher than raw material or lower?   
Marie Ziegler:  Absolutely.
Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley:  What is the constraint?
Marie Ziegler:  For the full company, our pricing will be better than our costs. As you think again about the guidance for the full year, again we talked about the fact that we are looking for flattish pricing in construction and that certainly implies that ag will be something north of 2. I really cant comment any further on that. Does that help?
Robert Wertheimer  Morgan Stanley:  It does help a little. As you have seen materials costs come up recently, do you see the pricing environment in the market firming up along with that? In other words are competitors taking pricing up or discounting less?
Marie Ziegler:  I am not going to be able to comment about our competitors pricing actions. But Rob, I do want to make one other point clear when we talk about pricing, do bear in mind that any kind of future improvement, we do not consider that to be pricing. We actually strip that out and call that volume. So, our actual price increases are higher than this 2 points that we are talking about. But thats because we are talking about horsepower increases or a different kind of transmission option, and we would call that volume.
Operator:   Your final question comes from Joel Tiss  Lehman Brothers. 
Joel Tiss  Lehman Brothers:  I wonder if you can just talk a little bit about the underlying end market in construction equipment. You have done a great job of talking about how your business is performing and its really doing great. Can you just talk a little more about whats happening in the end market and some of the anecdotes you are getting from your dealers.
Marie Ziegler:  We continue to see activity on the non-residential side. There is a lot of activity still. People are concerned certainly about what will happen going forward, but a fair amount of activity there. Some activity on the housing oriented but obviously that depends on where you are in the market.  On the dealer side, we are probably most gratified by the fact hat we see our dealers continuing to replenish their inventories at about the level as they sell a machine they are replacing on average. So that tells us that their inventories are in pretty good shape and that they are comfortable with their position.  Inventories; if you look at our inventories in terms of days of sales and look at them this year versus last year, they are down. Thats also another positive sign in terms of what is happening in the market. Does that address your question?
Joel Tiss  Lehman Brothers:  It helps a little bit. Can you update us also on whats going on in India? Are you pretty much done with your factory or where are we with that?
Marie Ziegler:  In India, we did talk about some expansion and that expansion capacity is in place in India. We are continuing to benefit from the export opportunities of that product as well as the continued development of our business in India.
Michael Mack:  Additionally, we have an IT center and engineering analysis in India as well which has grown and exceeded our expectations and its providing analysis really across the globe for our operations and we are quite pleased with how its working out.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you all for participating in todays call. Susan, Bill and I will be available all day to return any subsequent calls you may have. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-11-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Marie Z. Ziegler - Vice President, Investor Relations Bill Ratzburg - Director, Investor Relations Michael J. Mack, Jr. - Senior Vice President, ChiefFinancial Officer
Analysts: Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns Andrew Casey - Wachovia Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research David Bleustein - UBS Daniel Dowd - Sanford C. Bernstein Joel Tiss - Lehman Brothers Robert Wertheimer - Morgan Stanley David Raso - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Deere & Company fourthquarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like toturn the call over to Ms. Marie Ziegler, Vice President, Investor Relations.Please go ahead.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Good morning. Also on todays call are Mike Mack, our ChiefFinancial Officer, as well as Susan [Carlitz], Karen Thompson, and Bill Ratzburgfrom the Deere IR staff. Today, well take a closer look at Deere's fourth quarterearnings and then spend a few minutes talking about our markets and wherethings are headed next year. After that, well respond to your questions.Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. Theycan be accessed no our website at www.deere.com. First, though, a reminder; this call is being broadcast liveon the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere, Thompsonand third parties. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session,agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used aspart of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments and concernsconcerning the companys projections, plans and objectives for the future andare subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differmaterially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additionalinformation concerning factors that could cause actual results to differmaterially is contained in the companys most recent Form 8-K and periodicreports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company, except as required by law, undertakes noobligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. This call also may include financial measures that are notin conformance with GAAP -- that would be accounting principles generallyaccepted in the United States of America. Additional information concerningthese measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, areposted on our website at www.deere.com/financialreports, under fourth quarter2007 report. Call participants should consider the other information on risksand uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the informationpresented on this call. Now, for a closer look at the quarter, heres Bill Ratzburg.
Bill Ratzburg: Thanks, Marie. This morning lets start with a comment onthe two-for-one stock split approved by our shareholders one week ago today. Asshown on slide three, the additional shares will be distributed on December 3rdand begin trading at the new price on December 4th. Slide 4 then clarifies what the earnings per share wouldhave been on a pro forma basis. In addition, the appendix contains a slideshowing earnings per share by quarter for 2007 on a pro forma basis. Turning to actual results, this morning Deere reportedrecord fourth quarter net income of $422 million on record fourth quarterequipment operations net sales of $5.4 billion, as shown on slide five. On acontinuing operations basis, income increased 53% and diluted earnings pershare rose 57%. On slide six, fourth quarter total worldwide equipmentoperations net sales were up 21% compared to the prior year quarter. There wereabout two points of price realization. In fact, all three equipment divisionshad positive price realization in the quarter. This is particularly gratifying given the impact of the U.S.housing downturn has had on construction, forestry, commercial and consumersectors. About four points related to positive currency translation and LESCOadded about another five points. The remainder is primarily from increasedvolume with our fourth quarter production tonnage up 26%, as can be seen onslide seven where we have provided a table with production tonnage data. Getting an initial look at 2008, youll note that productiontonnage for the worldwide equipment operations is expected to be up about 7%from 2007. For the first quarter of next year, tonnage is expected to increaseabout 18%, supported by a strong AG market. Regarding our company outlook, lets turn to slide eight.For the first quarter of 2008, we expect company-wide equipment operations netsales to be up about 25%, with AG contributing the bulk of that increase andwith sales from LESCO basically accounting for the rest. Net income is expectedto be about $325 million for the quarter. For the full year, we are forecasting net equipment sales tobe up about 12% compared with fiscal year 2007. This includes about two pointsof net price realization. The estimated net income is approximately $2.1billion for the year. Lets turn now to a review of our individual businessesstarting with agricultural equipment on slide nine. For the fourth quarter,Deere's worldwide AG sales were up 35%, with the bulk of the increase resultingfrom higher volumes. Operating profit increased to $388 million, withincremental margins of about 30%. The quarter benefited from substantiallyhigher production tonnage, reflecting good market conditions as well aspre-building components globally in preparation for an expected strong 2008 andfrom improved price realization. Looking ahead, global AG fundamentals are very encouraging.Worldwide stocks to use ratios remain at very low levels, particularly for cornand wheat. In fact, on slide 10 youll note that for wheat, corn and soybeanscombined, on a global basis use exceeded demand in each of the last threeyears. This supports crop prices which in turn supports good levelsof farm income globally and, as shown for the United States on slide 11 withtotal cash receipts for 2007 now expected to increase to about $292 billion, arise of over $35 billion compared to 2006. The current Deere U.S. commodity price assumptions fromthese farm income forecasts are on slide 12. These prices reflect the globalneed for increased production of wheat, corn and soybeans. In the U.S.,although soybean stocks are incredibly low, the market price favors cornplantings. Regardless of what happens between soybean, wheat and corn plantingsnext spring, the outlook for our customers income is strong and supportive ofequipment demand. In addition, as seen on slide 13, we now expect about 2.9billion bushels of this years U.S. corn crop to be used in ethanol production.This is a modest decline from our previous expectation but still a significantincrease over last years level. As a result, our outlook for industry sales of agriculturalequipment in the U.S. and Canada, as shown on slide 14, is up 10% to 15% from2007. In addition, our outlook for South America is up about 10% to 15%. In Brazil, uncertainty still exists over the status ofgovernment-backed financing programs. Slide 15 demonstrates that farm incomescontinue to recover in Brazil and Argentina. In Western Europe, shown on slide 16, our 2008 outlook isfor industry sales to be flat to up slightly for the fiscal year. In Australia,certain areas have received timely rains. Some expect to see a bit of recoverywith the industry to be up 5% to 10% in 2008. So putting this all together, slide 17 depicts a strongerworldwide outlook for the sale of John Deere farm machinery. We project 2008Deere agricultural equipment sales to be up about 17%. Strong growth is expected in Central Europe and the CIS,including Russia. In addition, Ningbo Benye, our newest acquisition, shouldcontribute about $100 million to 2008 AG revenues. Theres about one point ofpositive currency translation included. We have spoken about our exciting new product programs andsome of you have seen some of them in person. The response to our early orderprograms, which involve sprayers, seeding equipment and combines, has beenexceptionally strong. In conclusion, in 2007 AG incremental margins wereconstrained by significant growth investments. In 2008, they will be impactedby additional growth investments, tier three product costs, and tier fourengineering costs, and are expected to be about 25%. Lets move now to our commercial and consumer equipmentbusiness on slide 18, where our reported sales were up 35% in the quarter, withabout $220 million of that increase coming from LESCO. Operating profit declined slightly. As expected, LESCO had asmall operating loss accounting for most of the decline. Slide 19 has the keydetails relating to LESCO. It should be pointed out that to affect accountingintegration into Deere's financial systems, LESCO reported two months resultsin the third quarter of this year and four months results in the fourthquarter. Turning to the commercial and consumer equipment outlook onslide 20, for fiscal 2008 we anticipate sales to be up about 10%, about eightpoints of which is related to LESCO. 2007 was very successful due to newproducts and the robust pace of new product introductions should continue in2008, as exemplified by the exciting new models of zero turning radius mowers,broadening the John Deere line for commercial customers and consumers. Lets now focus on construction and forestry on slide 21,where sales were down 11% in the quarter. Despite 19% lower production volumes,quarterly operating profit was relatively strong at $134 million or over 11% ofnet sales and basically even with 2006, with some positive price realization.Please keep in mind that in the comparison, in the fourth quarter of 2006 therewere approximately $22 million in expenses for closing a plant in Canada, andthat also in the fourth quarter of 2006, raw material costs were higher thanusual. Turning to slide 22, you will see the primary assumptions inthe construction and forestry forecast, with new housing starts decliningfurther to an average of 1.1 million for the year, the lowest level since 1991,with non-residential spending expected to be flat, while at a good level andwith very modest GDP growth. On slide 23, our net sales in construction and forestryequipment are forecasted to be about flat for 2008. This is given theunderlying assumption and results primarily from the divisions rapid responseto changing market conditions in 2007, which should permit production to moreclosely align with retail demand in 2008 and an excellent lineup of newproducts, including [ready] skid steer loaders, H-series skidders, and J-seriesback-hoes. Moving now to our credit operations, as you see on slide 24,credit reported net income in the quarter of about $96 million, up from about$88 million a year ago, on the strength of a larger credit portfolio andcontinued excellent past due and write-off experience. Our forecasted credit net income for fiscal 2008 is about$375 million, again on the strength of a larger credit portfolio. Slide 25confirms John Deere credits provision for losses remains at a very low rate. Before moving on to retail sales, lets look at receivablesand inventory. Slide 26 lists the change in receivables and inventory at theend of the fourth quarter of 2007 versus the end of the fourth quarter of 2006by division. Youll note that reported trade receivables and inventory atOctober 31st were $397 million higher than a year ago. The AG division came inhigher than planned. Last quarter, we discussed building ahead in the U.S. andCanada in anticipation of a strong market in 2008. As the quarter progressed,we saw similar favorable market conditions arise globally and took similaractions across the rest of the division. Looking at it year over year, currency translation accountedfor about $200 million, or one-third of the AG division increase. For commercialand consumer equipment, LESCO added about $165 million. For construction andforestry, the sale of Nortrax South had about a $50 million on tradereceivables and inventory. Our 2008 forecast calls for flat inventories andreceivables in the face of stronger sales. As we discussed in the press release, slide 27 highlights astrong, continuing focus on asset management in 2007. Even with the approximate$400 million increase in trade receivables and inventory that remain flat at25% of trailing 12 months sales at year-end compared to a year ago. Before turning to housekeeping, lets look at the latest onretail sales. Slide 28 shows the product category detail for the month ofOctober expressed in units. For utility tractors, the industry was flat andDeere was down a single digit. For row-crop tractors, the industry was up 24%and Deere was up double-digits but less then the industry. For four-wheel drivetractors, the industry was up 59% and Deere was up double-digits and more thanthe industry. For combines, the industry was up 8% and Deere was flat. Deere dealer inventories in the U.S. and Canada remain invery good shape as Deere inventories at the end of September remain belowindustry levels in each of the categories just cited. On slide 29, youll seethat for row-crop tractors, Deere ended October with inventories at 21% oftrailing 12-month sales. Combine inventories were at very low levels, 1% oftrailing 12-month sales. Turning to slide 30, in Western Europe, sales of John Deeretractors and combines were each up a single digit in October. Moving to slide31, Deere's retail sales of commercial and consumer equipment in the U.S. andCanada were down a single digit in October. Construction and forestry sales inthe U.S. and Canada were down double digits on both a first-in-the-dirt and asettlement basis. To provide more clarity on the composition of Deere sales,slide 32 provides some new detail for the fiscal years 2006 and 2007. You cansee the strong year-over-year growth in many parts of the world. We anticipateproviding this information on an annual basis. Now lets touch on a few housekeeping items. Regarding rawmaterials and freight, lets move to slide 33. In the fourth quarter, thesecosts rose approximately $20 million versus last year. Our fiscal year 2007ended with an increase in raw material and freight of about $185 million,slightly lower than our guidance. In 2008, we expect these costs to increase by$150 million to $175 million. Looking at R&D expense on slide 34, spending was up 15%in the fourth quarter due to the large number of new product launches,especially in the AG division. Turning to slide 35, please note that next years pensionand OPEB expense is expected to be down by about $125 million, with about 60%of the decrease affecting cost of sales and about 40% of the decrease impactingselling, administrative, and general expense. This decrease results primarilyfrom a higher discount rate and solid asset performance. Now moving to slide 36, SA&G expense for the equipmentoperations was up 29% in the fourth quarter, with about 17 points of thatincrease coming from global growth initiatives in currency translation. Our fiscal year 2008 forecast includes an increase inSA&G expense of about 5% over 2007, of which LESCO adds about $100 million.In addition, we will have higher growth expenses, which will be partiallyoffset by the reduction in pension and OPEB expense. Regarding the tax rate on schedule 37, the fiscal year 2008forecast assumes a full-year tax rate of about 35%. Actual shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were219.8 million, as shown on slide 38. You can also see the history of sharerepurchases since 2004. On May 30th of this year, Deere's Board of Directorsauthorized a new 20 million share repurchase program. During the fourth quarterof 2007, we completed the previous share repurchase program by acquiring about300,000 shares and acquired about 2.6 million shares under the new program. Slide 39 provides some additional information related to ourfiscal year 2007. For equipment operations, capital expenditures were $575million; depreciation and amortization was $429 million; and we made $511million in pension and OPEB contributions. For financial services, capitalexpenditures relating to wind totaled $448 million in 2007. Slide 40 provides similar information for the upcoming year.For equipment operations, capital expenditures are currently forecast to bebetween $600 million and $700 million; depreciation and amortization is expectedto be about $450 million; and we anticipate funding about $300 million inpension and OPEB contributions over the year. For financial services, capital expenditures relating towind are expected to total about $550 million in 2008 as they build their portfolio. Looking ahead, 2007 was a year of exceptional results. Basedon our forecast, Deere is on track for another year of outstanding financialperformance with very strong cash generation in 2008. This demonstrates thepower of SVA as a central theme in managing the company and guiding its futurecourse. We are at the same time in a strong position to benefit frompowerful, global economic tailwinds involving increased affluence and growingdemand for food, feed, and bio-fuels. Our plans for building, growing, and thensustaining a great business are right on course and we are looking forward toanother exciting year in 2008.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thank you, Bill. We are now ready to begin the Q&Aportion of the call. The operator will instruct us on the polling procedure butas a reminder, in consideration of others, please limit yourself to onequestion with a related follow-up. If you have additional questions, we askthat you rejoin the queue and well get to those as time permits.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Jamie Cook andplease state your company name.
Jamie Cook - CreditSuisse: Good morning and congratulations. Marie, my first questionis in regard to your incrementals forecast for the farm division. I think yousaid 25% for 2008. Im just trying to understand that. To me, that seems a bitconservative. I understand you said theres some growth investment and spendingrelated to tier three and tier four, but can you quantify that for me and howmuch that is relative to what you spent in 07? I guess the other thing too, I would expect that you wouldget some benefit in 2008 from, at least in the back half of the year, from theplant opening in Montenegro, so if you could just flush through that for me.
Marie Z. Ziegler: There is no question that we will get some benefit from theopening of Montenegro and that factory is up and running and beginning to makethe transition between the tractor production thats been in Horizontina thatwill be gradually moving into the factory at Montenegro. However, we do continue spending at a pretty good rate as weinvest to grow in other markets. I think thats one of the reasons why its sohelpful to see what the detail that you do on slide 32 which provides somecolor on what is happening in terms of the different markets. We do continue torequire investments in developing a dealer organization, for example, as wemove into Eastern or Central Europe and the CIS. I dont have a specific breakdown in terms of how much weare going to spend incrementally on tier three, tier four and growth other thanall I can say is that it is about five points of margin, of incremental marginrelative to that about normal 30.
Jamie Cook - CreditSuisse: Okay, and then just my second follow-up question, as youlook -- I understand your forecast is for the industry but as you look at Deerein your internal sales forecast, as you look at 08 are you expecting anynegative impact from third-party supplier constraints or any internal capacityconstraints? And if so, where?
Marie Z. Ziegler: We -- actually I just went around and checked with ouroperating units and we have the material plans to meet the forecasts that wehave just provided to you, so we know that there are -- its tight periodicallyin different commodities but we can meet these build plans, these buildschedules.
Jamie Cook - CreditSuisse: Okay, so you are not seeing any third-party supplierconstraints or capacity constraints?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Im not saying there arent any because again, at any giventime there are some areas where there are -- theres tightness, but again wehave the material plans and the agreements with our suppliers to meet theseprojections.
Jamie Cook - CreditSuisse: Great. Thank you. Ill get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan. Pleasestate your company name.
Ann Duignan - BearStearns: Good morning. Just building on what Jamie was talking about,could you just expand a little bit on your outlook for worldwide AG tonnage up9% in 08 versus revenues up 17%? I know you are saying that you havecommitment internally that you can meet this forecast but how much of theforecast is constrained by either your capacity constraints or suppliercapacity constraints?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thats not an issue at this point. Again, we are takingcustomer orders on tractors and -- as you look at that 9% tonnage, what mightbe helpful is to remember that we did a pre-build in the fourth quarter, so wehave some pretty significant increases. The other thing that comes into playhere is some of that 17% increase is coming from just the incremental add ofNingbo, you get some currency and you do get pricing on that.
Unidentified Speaker:  -- comment on the early order program for combines.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Well, combines and sprayers and planters all have had verygood early order program. Maybe one other thing that might help add a littlebit of color is as you think about that up 9%, remember that reflects allproduct lines in the AG markets and as you are seeing very good levels ofactivity in things that are candidly primarily related to beans and corn, bigtractors, big combines, the sprayers and planters. You look at cotton. Thats avery tough segment right now. Smaller tractors, which would have more of aneconomic tie, would be a little tougher and also hand forage equipment. So thatestimate is looking at all segments of the market.
Ann Duignan - BearStearns: Okay, and just in the interest of time, my second follow-upquestion is around your share repurchase program. If I look at slide 38 whereyou lay out your share repurchases through history, it really does beg thequestion as to why Deere would not consider an accelerated share repurchaseprogram. If you look at -- you could have bought back -- you bought back 14million shares for less than $1 billion two years ago and 17 million shareslast year for $1.3 billion. I guess philosophically, why would the company not consideran accelerated share repurchase program?
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: Well, weve been buying these in the open market since theinception of this program and I think we do have at our option the flexibilityof either accelerating or decelerating this. We are not going to signal thepace of this, but we kind of view this as a steady approach is what makes sensein our circumstance. So a balanced use of cash, invest in the business,dividends, as well as share buy-back. But as you are pointing out, we do have quite a bit ofliquidity available to us.
Ann Duignan - BearStearns: And you wouldnt consider an accelerated share repurchaseprogram at this point, given your liquidity?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Were not going to --
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: Were not going to say right now what the pace is going tobe for next year.
Ann Duignan - BearStearns: Okay. Ill get back in line. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Casey andplease state your company name.
Andrew Casey -Wachovia: Happy Thanksgiving, everybody. A question on the outlook forAG equipment. First, can you comment further on the early order program forcombines and four-wheel drive tractors? Specifically, it would be helpful ifyou could talk about the percent of planned combine production thats alreadybooked for 08. And then if you can further comment on four-wheel drive orderdelivery lead times, whether they extend past January 1st.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Id be happy to. We dont actually have early order programson tractors. We have early order programs on seasonal equipment. Tractoravailability for the 9000s, as you know thats a new product for us and we arevery delighted with the markets response to it, availability would actually gointo July right now. On 8000s, just anticipating another question, 8000s yourelooking at about April. In terms of combines, the take rate has -- again, thats anew product family with significant improvements in productivity for ourcustomers and we are seeing extremely good market reception to those combines.We actually are -- we still have a little bit of availability left but sufficeit to say that our numbers are quite high.
Andrew Casey -Wachovia: So if I go back a few years, Marie, this type of surge inordering by the customer base, what time in history would that remind you of?Would it be end of 96 or before that?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Im not sure that I have in my history, have a period whereyouve seen in the corn and beans this kind of early order activity. I donthave anything -- we didnt use to run early order programs like we do today, soI dont have as good a feel.
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: Prior recent peak for performance in the AG division I thinkwas 1997 --
Marie Z. Ziegler: That would be true.
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: -- OROA and SG&A performance, before we started a newmodel.
Andrew Casey -Wachovia: I appreciate that. Thanks, Mike. The spirit of the questionwas really given that you dont really have an early order program on tractors,it seems like these lead times are extraordinarily long and they are happening a lot quicker thanusual. Is that a fair assessment?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Were doing our very best to meet customer demand. I thinkyou are aware that we did pre-build in the fourth quarter. We talked about thatwith our receivable build, so we are doing our very best to meet our customerdemand. We are -- on the 9000s, it is fair to note that we are in aproduct transition, so you kind of cleaned out the inventories of the olderstuff as you transition to the new stuff and the market response to thoseproducts has been just extraordinary, so we are really quite pleased. Dont forget you are looking also at a global market forthese bigger products on combines and on the big tractors, so we are satisfyingcustomer demand in many geographies.
Andrew Casey -Wachovia: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Obin. Pleasestate your company name.
Andrew Obin - MerrillLynch: Good morning. Just to follow-up on your ability to raiseproduction, how disciplined are you willing to be next year and are you willingto walk away from business to maintain your focus on operations, to keeppricing? How much cushion do you have to raise production the second half ofthe year if demand lets say comes in two times what you are expecting?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I dont think its appropriate probably to speculate withspecific numbers, but suffice it to say that we do have additional ability andit would vary timing wise and by geography. But we are very interested inmeeting our customer demand. That said, we are also interested in doing so in arational, reasonable and sustainable fashion and weve talked about that alsofor some period of time. So I think we are doing a very good job of balancing that inthe face of good market conditions and new products that have been introduced.
Andrew Obin - MerrillLynch: But would you -- am I correct in thinking you will raiseprices if we are raising production in --
Marie Z. Ziegler: No, I said it would be inappropriate for us to speculate inthis forum on pricing.
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: Andrew, we have expanded some of our capacity in terms ofmaking capital investments in Waterloo and Montenegro and [inaudible] heldcapacity in [Toreone], but nevertheless in the face of a surge, there is onlyso much you can do respond to at a certain period of time. I think there are some constraints at some point.
Andrew Obin - MerrillLynch: I was just a bit surprised by your outlook for constructionequipment for next year, given just how weak residential is and what retailsales data shows, for example, for you, from Caterpillar. What makes you confidentthat construction and forestry will effectively bottom out in 08?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Well, I think what you are seeing is that in 08, we areable to produce to retail demand. Dont forget that in the comparison, you havein it a time when we took out about $250 million out of inventories, bothdealer and company-owned, so youve got that ability to produce to retail andthat is a significant factor. You also have the overseas forestry markets, which we seedown a little bit but still holding up very good. You are also, for theindependent rental companies, weve had a very significant decline in 2007. Ourmarkets were down about 70% in that segment. We expect that to be flattish nextyear, so weve got a number of factors at play there. But the single biggest factor has been the fact that we havemanaged those inventories and so we are able to produce to retail. Nowobviously if the market conditions change, we may have to reassess that but ouroutlook is based on housing starts, which we indicated of 1.1 million.
Andrew Obin - MerrillLynch: So given your destocking, the communication from yourcustomers and your dealers supports this forecast -- thats the right read,right?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thats absolutely right. We actually talked to our dealersand very recently we had annual meetings and dealer advisory meetings and wesurveyed them and they feel that their inventories are in alignment with thecurrent market outlook.
Andrew Obin - MerrillLynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Terry Darling.Please state your company name.
Terry Darling -Goldman Sachs: Good morning. A couple of clarifications; you were kindenough to mention that the impact of the growth initiatives, tier three, tierfour is probably about five percentage points incremental margin hit in FY08.What was that hit in FY07, if you would?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I dont have a specific quantification but incrementalmargins generally for the AG division for the full year were around -- letssee, around 30%, so there would have been some impact. I dont have it -- Imsorry, Im struggling. I dont have --
Terry Darling -Goldman Sachs: Could you give us a feel though, higher, lower, or about thesame?
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: Tier four investments are higher in 08 as compared to 07.
Marie Z. Ziegler: The ramp-up in the growth expenditures, the year-over-yearincrement in growth would be less.
Terry Darling -Goldman Sachs: Okay, so overall a harder hit in 08. Thats helpful. Aquestion on your pricing outlook; I think you are mentioning 1%, which is lowerthan the 2%.
Marie Z. Ziegler: No, two points is what we said. For the whole company.
Terry Darling -Goldman Sachs: Im sorry. I missed that. Thank you. And then Im wonderingif you could just talk all little bit about --
Marie Z. Ziegler: Terry, excuse me; its one point of currency. That may bewhere the confusion is but two points of price.
Terry Darling -Goldman Sachs: Okay, still on price though you are assuming no strongerpricing next year than this year, despite the industry utilization being much,much higher entering the year?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Well, dont forget you cant look at it on a single-yearbasis. We have a string of price increases, of positive price realization. Andagain, Im looking at the overall company. Youve got different factors goingon in that up to, but we are looking at positive price realization in thiscompany since 2002, a string of them, so you cant just look at it in a singleyear. The other thing that two points reflects is frankly somepretty tough conditions in the construction equipment market, where we hope notto lose price but it is hard to envision that you will -- you have a lot ofupside when youve got market conditions such as they are.
Terry Darling -Goldman Sachs: So looking at the pieces, maybe a little better AG, a littleworse construction?
Marie Z. Ziegler: That would certainly be a fair assumption.
Terry Darling -Goldman Sachs: And then finally, Im wondering if you can comment on yourexternal engine business growth and maybe qualify how this growth is trending08 versus 07. Are you expecting stronger growth, weaker growth? I thinkthats probably a factor we havent talked about yet.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Generally speaking, for the external side of the business,probably a little less robust growth as we go into 2008, reflecting some of the-- a little more difficulty in some of the construction related sectors thatmight impact that. On the other hand, obviously pretty good activities in ourown internal business.
Terry Darling -Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comesfrom Alex Blanton. Please state your company name.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls& Snyder: Marie, the inventory for the quarter, it was down slightlyfrom the third quarter but up quite a bit from last year, up almost $400 million.How much of that is coming from acquisitions?
Marie Z. Ziegler: LESCO added 165 and --
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: Im sorry?
Marie Z. Ziegler: LESCO added 165 year over year and then we had -- we haveabout $50 million going the other way from the sale of Nortrax Southoperations.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, so the net --
Marie Z. Ziegler: So the net is 115.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: Net 15, so the rest, did that --
Marie Z. Ziegler: One-hundred and fifteen.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: Im sorry?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Net is 115.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: And did that represent the pre-build you are talking about,the --
Marie Z. Ziegler: No, no, no -- those are two different divisions. Thepre-build occurred in AG.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: I know, but Im talking the overall went up about almost$400 million, and 115 came from acquisitions, so there was another almost $300million somewhere else.
Marie Z. Ziegler: And thats AG, and that is correct, and that would be our --a lot of that is pre-build. Theres some growth just supporting some highermarkets but a lot of it is pre-build.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: And the second question is --
Marie Z. Ziegler: And currency. Currency is -- for the AG division, currencyis about $200 million, and in total its about $300 million for the fullcompany, which is what we show on the slide.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, so the currency had a lot to do with that --
Marie Z. Ziegler: Sure.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. The rest of world was up 27% according to slide 32,which is astounding really, and different from I think most of your experiencein the past, where the larger Deere tractors have had to compete with smaller,cheaper tractors in emerging nations, and not that effectively. But now, it seems as if your products are really catching onin some of these emerging nations. What do you think are the biggest growthdrivers in places like Central Europe, Russia? I mean, in Russia they havetractor producers but you seem to be doing very well there, and also in Centraland South America. Those are very big sales increases.
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: I think our tractors do very well in Russia and the otherCIS countries as well, so you are right that thats an area of real strengthfor us and I think our lineup and the horsepower sizes is a very good match forthat, and so we anticipate some strong demand in those countries for some time. In markets like Latin America, I think this additionalcapacity we have and new product lineup also positions us very well for thegrowth thats going to be occurring in Brazil and we have continuously beeninvesting in the small tractor lineup in other parts of the world as well, sothey can compete more effectively and have a better value proposition.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: You say you are reducing the size of the tractors to be morecompetitive in local markets?
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: It depends on the market.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Or changing the features so that its featured appropriatelyfor the market.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: More compatible. Because I mean, 50% increase in CentralEurope, these are really quantum changes.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Some of that is currency too, dont forget.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, how much of that, say?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Well, for the full company, I would have to go back to thepress release.
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: The company is 5% of the 8 is currency, full company.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls& Snyder: Yes, I know full company, but do you have it broken down byregion?
Marie Z. Ziegler: No, absolutely not.
Alex Blanton -Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Koznarek. Pleasestate your company name.
Mark Koznarek -Cleveland Research: Good morning. A question here about the operating margin inthe AG equipment, given that you had this 56% volume production that didnt allgo to revenue, I would have assumed that there would have been considerableover-absorption of your fixed costs and therefore a higher reported margin, andit didnt seem to come through. The margin is quite good at face value butconsidering your production plan, it actually seems like it might have been alittle bit light and so Im wondering if you could talk about that, and thenwhat this over-production implies for how to think about margin improvement inthe early part of 08.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Well again, our guidance for 2008 for the AG division is incrementalmargins will be 25%. In terms of what happened in the fourth quarter, we didcite in the press release that we did have some higher R&D. A lot of thatis AG oriented in the quarter because of this huge number of product launches,like the 9000 series tractors, the cotton pickers, the new combines, and so wehad introduction expenses that would have affected SG&A and plus a lot ofgrowth, a lot of the increase ex-LESCO certainly would still be related to theAG division. The other thing is that when you increase your production, whennot all of that ended up getting sold so its not all included in sales of thatincrease in our ending receivables and inventory, and so some portion of that,we only got a manufacturing margin on. We didnt actually get the sellingmargin and that will flow through over the course of the next year.
Mark Koznarek -Cleveland Research: So because you only captured the manufacturing margin, youare saying there is actual margin dilution that occurred here in the quarterand that we are going to get a supplement in the early part of next year?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I wouldnt say on the timing exactly and in terms of whenthat benefit will arrive, but again you are talking about a portion of thatbuild in the AG division.
Mark Koznarek -Cleveland Research: Okay, then on LESCO, that was a public company before youbought it, so if you look at the financials, it was marginally profitable andclearly it lost some money in the fourth quarter. Whats the outlook for nextyear? Is it going to be gradual profit improvement or are there some -- are youexpecting something more dramatic there? And if so, why?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Well, LESCO is also absorbing -- we are absorbing some ofour integration expenses as we are moving through our outlook. It has been andcontinues to be that they will be profitable after we have owned them for ayear. Of course, that will occur later next year, later in 2008 for us. For thefull year outlook is that LESCO is basically break-even on an operating profitbasis and they are performing basically in line with plans.
Mark Koznarek -Cleveland Research: So full year 2008, break-even?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Mmm-hmm.
Mark Koznarek -Cleveland Research: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Bleustein.Please state your company name.
David Bleustein - UBS: Good morning. Can you give us some sense for the size of thefacility in Brazil, either a tractor capacity or expected revenues in 08 orexpected run-rate in 09? Just some quantification on that thing?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thats a great question and its one that we have actuallydeclined to answer, obviously for competitive reasons. But it does -- there isno question that it improves our ability to respond to the market, not only inthe horsepowers in which we had traditionally competed in but its also allowedus to broaden our horsepower offerings. And the first two models that were inproduction in Montenegro are actually higher horsepower tractors -- 180 and 200horsepower, and they were ones that we did not previously manufacture inHorizontina. But other than that, I am not able to be specific.
David Bleustein - UBS: Okay, fair enough. Which raw materials are driving theexpected increase in 2008?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Were assuming that we will see some higher tire prices basedon what weve already seen. We think our -- in our landscape business becauseof where oil prices are, that will drive some higher costs for irrigation pipeand that will also -- those oil prices will affect our inbound logistics. We are in contract negotiations for steel right now, so weprefer to take a pass on that, but that gives you some idea of the things thatwe are thinking about.
David Bleustein - UBS: Okay, and then the last one is the pipeline of projects oracquisitions that you see that currently meet your financial targets, is therea big pipeline? Are there a lot of global opportunities for you to invest yourdollars at your current financial targets?
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: Well, we have a lot more focus and resource devoted to thisnow than we did a year ago and certainly much more than a couple of years ago.It takes time. You have to have a number in the pipeline to make these come tofruition. We are going to maintain a disciplined approach towards thisin terms of our criteria and we are not going to deviate from that. These haveto at the end of the day create economic profit or we are not going to beinvesting in it. But we are active in virtually all our divisions in lots ofgeographies looking for opportunities.
David Bleustein - UBS: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Daniel Dowd andplease state your company name.
Daniel Dowd - SanfordC. Bernstein: You mentioned in there that Brazilian, there wereuncertainties around government-backed financing programs. Can you give alittle more color on that?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Id be happy to. Our business, our plan for 2008 has thatfarmers are required to make their [tsunami]-backed payments on the 17th ofDecember. That is what the legislation is, and as you know about two-thirds ofour customers have already made their payments and thats actually beensomething weve talked about a couple of conference calls ago. The reason we felt that we should at least put that in therethough is that there are some constituents in Brazil continuing to lobby thegovernment for potentially an extension or for some additional terms, and so Ithink we feel until we get to that date and see what actually happens withthat, that continues to be an area of uncertainty. Again, our base case, our business plans are all based onthose farmers making those payments on the 17th of December.
Daniel Dowd - SanfordC. Bernstein: Okay, thats helpful. Can I just turn to construction forjust a minute? You indicated that prices were actually up in that market. Canyou talk about under the market conditions hardware that came about and werethere specific things that were driving that?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Well, it would be our price realization, which is acombination of list prices, as you know, and what happened with -- what happenswith the discounts and I would say that you have to attribute some portion ofthis to the excellent discipline that we have had in our asset management. Weare really quite proud of whats been accomplished there in terms of thesuccess of our build-to-order -- its called estimate-to-cash in that division,in terms of responding to the changing market conditions. And that is incontrast, candidly, to what we have done in the past. And again, I think its areflection of the discipline with the FCA and the OROA. Again, in any quarter, you can always get some unusualthings. Our outlook certainly is still quite cautious in terms of whatshappening with pricing, but I think that certainly reflects well on thedivisions management efforts.
Daniel Dowd - SanfordC. Bernstein: It certainly does. So is your view that the inventorydraw-down that you and others have done in that sector over the last threeyears has actually stabilized pricing generally, or do you think this isactually just Deere absorbed this and probably other manufacturers did not?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I would be -- really I have no way of responding to whatother manufacturers have been doing. I can really only comment on Deere.Clearly its a reflection of again the quick response to the changes in marketconditions at Deere.
Daniel Dowd - SanfordC. Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joel Tiss and pleasestate your company name.
Joel Tiss - LehmanBrothers: That same sort of spirit, the question over again; can youtalk in the non-AG businesses on the pricing on the like-for-like products? Iknow you are introducing a lot of new products and maybe if you include thechange in the mix, then prices would be positive. But what about on thelike-for-like products?
Marie Z. Ziegler: On the non-AG businesses, we havent announced the pricingfor 2008 on the construction and I dont have -- I dont think -- none of ushave seen -- I dont know whats coming out on the commercial and consumerside. Typically the pricing strategy there is that you get alittle bit of benefit from the features in the markets, but on the consumerside --
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: More on the commercial side and we do have a very extensiveproduct introduction on the commercial mowing side and the C&C divisionthis year, and it will be the best product lineup weve had there on the largeframe zero turning radius mowers since weve ever been in the business, sothats going to be a real positive on that side.
Marie Z. Ziegler: That in fact is helping support our sales outlook in what isotherwise a tougher market.
Joel Tiss - LehmanBrothers: Okay, and I meant in 2007 but in the AG business, if thevolumes are better than expected, would it be fair for us to assume that theincremental, that the pressure on the incremental margins would be to theupside?
Marie Z. Ziegler: I think I will have to let you make your own conclusions onthat.
Joel Tiss - LehmanBrothers: All right, and just last, the credit portfolio, can you talka little bit about the mix of whats in there between AG and construction?Thank you.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Yes, I actually have to look that up, though. In terms ofthe credit portfolio -- Im almost there -- do you happen to know what pagethats on? Portfolio -- okay, I got it. By market, AG equipment is about 60% ofthe portfolio, construction is about 20% to 25%, commercial and consumer about10%, and AG financial services, which would really be the farm plan, is about5%.
Joel Tiss - LehmanBrothers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Wertheimerand please state your company name.
Robert Wertheimer - MorganStanley: Good morning. I have two quick questions, one on the outlookfor Western Europe where you have it I think for the market, flat to upslightly. I know thats a market that hasnt grown much secularly but its beendoing much better than that now, so what is causing to see the slowdown?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Well again, it is a market that essentially we have for avery long time viewed as one somewhat in decline as theyve been changing thecommon agricultural policy payout. We did in 2007 see some pull ahead actuallyinto 2006 because of the change in the value-added tax in Germany. In 2008, again we see very good farm incomes but reallycoming from -- unlike the U.S. where you have a dip in industry demand, youvealso got some recovery here, you really didnt ever have that in the WesternEuropean markets. They have a lot more livestock, so the income streams are alot more diversified than they would be in the U.S. market. So you are justreally coming at it from a better base, if you will.
Robert Wertheimer -Morgan Stanley: And is that something you are seeing in your order flow, oris it more just a projection lets say?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Well, we dont do those things in a vacuum, to be fair.Again, when we look at where maybe a little more of the AG growth is, it seemsto be occurring a little further east.
Robert Wertheimer -Morgan Stanley: Thank you. My second question is on credit and net incomeguidance, which I think is up around 4%, which is fine but it seems a bit low,given how strong your volumes will be and have been recently. Is that fundingpressures or is that higher provisioning or what is that?
Marie Z. Ziegler: No, its not funding pressures. A couple of things; thefirst one is that if youll recall in 2007, we increased our leverage in thecredit company and that occurred mid-year, so the 2008 results really reflect afull year of the higher leverage and the impact on an after-tax basis was about$6 million. So if that leverage change had occurred at the beginning of 2007,credits income would have been $6 million less, so thats in the play. The other thing is remember as you -- when you book a note,you have to take the full provision on the note at the time you book it. Butlets say you book it mid-year, you may only get a partial years worth ofincome. So increased volume in a given year can actually mute, ifyou will, somewhat expected income because of the provisioning. We dont -- wehave seen our portfolio perform very well in terms of past dues and write-offs.We anticipate well see maybe a slight increase in write-offs next year butstill remaining below historic trend levels, so theres no issues in theportfolio. Its really growth and then the leverage.
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: Id also say there are no issues relative to the margins. Imean, we have a very conservative interest rate risk management approach tothat, since we are able to keep that in a very narrow band and thats not anissue.
Robert Wertheimer -Morgan Stanley: Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Marie Z. Ziegler: I think were almost at the top of the hour. Ive got timefor one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Well take the final question from David Raso.Please state your company name.
David Raso -Citigroup: A question on getting more comfortable with the constructionand forestry guidance. First, the retail outlook for 08, and I apologize if Imissed it, what is the retail outlook for construction and then for forestry?
Marie Z. Ziegler: We dont have an industry guidance. We have our own salesguidance which is, as you are aware of, is flattish. Certainly with housing,one would expect certain segments to be under some pressure. On the other hand,we expect non-residential spending to remain at a very high level, remain flatwith 2007.
David Raso -Citigroup: Can I at least read into that the level of under-productionin 07 could allow you to have flat production, even in a down retail?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thats what weve said, a little bit, no question.
David Raso -Citigroup: And that said, can you help us understand the sale of theNortrax assets, and there is even word of maybe further, there is some benefitobviously now that some external third party sale, regardless of how fast thedealership turns that inventory, still now when you sell that to Nortrax andits new owners, its a third-party sale. Is there any benefit in your 08construction guidance from this?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Actually, it turns out it would be a slight detrimentbecause you dont pick up the used equipment sales that were running throughthe income statement and the margin, the retail margin on the parts and thecomplete goods and the servicing, so it actually would be a slight negative --its not --
Michael J. Mack, Jr.: Very small.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Yeah.
David Raso -Citigroup: And then when it comes to the external engine sales in thisdivision, can you just give an idea of the growth in that business and if youcan roughly size it for us?
Marie Z. Ziegler: We a year ago talked about a business that was roughly300,000 engine units and roughly half external and we had not put sales dollarson it. We dont, as you know, manage the business separately. Its incorporatedwith our equipment lines, its integral, so I dont have any other financial --I dont have the financials on those.
David Raso -Citigroup: Well, is it a growing -- basically a lot of it seems to behoused in this line item and people are trying to figure out how you areoutperforming --
Marie Z. Ziegler: That would not be correct.
David Raso -Citigroup: Its not mostly in construction?
Marie Z. Ziegler: No, that would not be correct.
David Raso -Citigroup: Okay, and then lastly the forestry comment about downEurope, when I think of international forestry, given whats going on in Russiaand so forth, is your forestry international expected to be down next year?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Well, we had some unusual circumstances in Europe that --and Europe is certainly a big piece of the business. You may recall there wassome storm damage that occurred early in the year. You had some harvesting.There was also taxes. Europe has taxes on the export of logs that have actuallysupported the forestry business in Finland and the Nordic countries inparticular. We are looking at the absence of the storm damage having aslightly, a slight -- putting some slight downward pressure, if you will, onthe sales but still looking for a very decent year and Im stopping short ofprojecting what you might see in any given market.
David Raso - Citigroup: Im sorry, my question though was all international forestrydown as per your European comment?
Marie Z. Ziegler: Dont have that level of detail available for you, David.
David Raso -Citigroup: Thank you very much. Well talk offline.
Marie Z. Ziegler: Thank you so much for participating in the call, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude todays conference call. Wethank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-08-15 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Marie Ziegler - IR   Bill Ratzburg - IR   Mike Mack - CFO 
Analysts: Steve Wharton  JP Morgan   Andrew Casey - Wachovia Capital Markets   Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns   David Raso - Citigroup   Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch   Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs   Heiko Ihle - Gabelli   Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus   Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research   Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse   Daniel Dowd - Sanford Bernstein   Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access   Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities   David Bluestein - UBS   Robert McCarthy - Robert W Baird 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Deere & Company third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Ms. Marie Ziegler, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
 Marie Ziegler: Good morning. Also on today's call are Mike Mack, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as Susan Karlix and Bill Ratzburg from our investor relations staff.  Today we'll take a closer look at Deere's third quarter earnings and then spend a few minutes talking about our markets and where things are headed for the rest of the year, and after that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning and they can be accessed on our website at www.deere.com.  First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere, Thomson, and third parties. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call.  This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the companys projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and our periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information.  This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with generally accepted accounting principles. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures are posted on our website at www.deere.com/financialreports, under third quarter 2007 reports. Call participants should consider the other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on the call.  Now for a closer look at the quarter, here's Bill. 
 Bill Ratzburg : Thanks, Marie. This morning Deere reported record third quarter net income of $537 million on equipment operations net sales of almost $6 billion as shown on slide 3 of the presentation. On a continuing operations basis, income increased 23% and diluted earnings per share rose 28%. On slide 4, third quarter total worldwide equipment operations net sales were up 5% compared to the prior year quarter. There were about 3 points related to positive currency translation; price realization was about 2 points. In fact, all three equipment divisions had positive price realization in the quarter. This is particularly gratifying given the difficulty in the construction and forestry markets. LESCO, our newest growth opportunity, added about another 2 points. It is worth noting that physical volume in our equipment businesses was down slightly in the quarter, making the bottom line performance all the more impressive.  On slide 5, we have provided a table with production tonnage data. For the full fiscal year, worldwide production tonnage is now forecast to be up 4% verses our previous forecast of up 2%. You'll note that fourth quarter 2007 tonnage for the worldwide equipment operations is expected to be up 19%. Within the U.S. and Canada, while construction and forestry tonnage is anticipated to decrease 22%, ag tonnage is forecast to increase 63%.  Regarding our company outlook, let's turn to slide 6. For the fourth quarter of 2007, we expect company-wide equipment operations net sales to be up about 16%, with sales from LESCO and positive currency translation accounting for about half of that increase. For the full year, we are now forecasting net equipment sales to be up about 7% compared with fiscal year 2006, 1 percentage point higher than our previous guidance. This includes about 2 points of net price realization and about 2 points of positive currency translation. The estimated net income is about $1.70 billion for the year compared to our previous guidance of around $1.55 billion.  Let's turn now to a review of our individual businesses starting with agricultural equipment on slide 7. For the third quarter, Deere's worldwide ag sales were up 16%, including approximately 3 points of positive currency translation. Operating profit rose 73% in the quarter to $431 million, with incremental margins of approximately 40%.  The quarter benefited from 15% higher production tonnage contributing to improved operating efficiencies and the strength in large tractors as well as positive price realization. Somewhat offsetting these factors were higher raw material costs of $24 million and higher research and development expense in the quarter relating to advance new products, just ahead of a major product launch.  Looking ahead, global ag fundamentals are very encouraging, as reflected in strong farm income. Worldwide stocks-to-use ratios remain at very low levels for corn and wheat; in fact at the lowest levels in over 30 years. This supports crop prices which in turn supports good levels of farm income in all geographies, and as shown in the U.S. for slide 8, with total cash receipts for 2007 increasing to about $282 million, a rise of over $22 million compared to 2006, driven primarily by the combination of crops and livestock. The current Deere U.S. commodity price assumptions from these farm income forecasts are on slide 9.  Our outlook for industry sales of agricultural equipment in the U.S. and Canada as shown on slide 10 remains up about 5% for fiscal year 2007 versus fiscal year 2006, reflecting continued strength in large tractors. In addition, our outlook for South America increased to up 30% from up about 20% last quarter. A strong recovery continues in Brazil, certainly helped by the proposed resolution on 2007 Benami payments. There are high level details of the proposed Benami financing plan on slide 11. Customers widely anticipate that this will be approved by Congress. It is very important because this clears up a major area of uncertainty and is reflected in our improved outlook.  In Western Europe, shown on slide 12, our current outlook is for industry sales to be up about 2% for the fiscal year compared to our previous outlook of flat to up 2%, with strength in the overall farm sector primarily due to higher crop and dairy prices. When we last spoke, there were concerns about emerging drought conditions. Since then, excessive rains have fallen in some areas. Despite this, generally the mood of farmers is more positive, which we find encouraging. We continue to see good sales, but from a small base in Eastern Europe and the commonwealth of independent states countries, including Russia and continue to be optimistic about the future. In Australia, rains have come, alleviating some of the severe drought conditions. While they occurred late and will not help 2007 retail activity, it bodes well for 2008.  So putting this all together, slide 13 depicts a stronger worldwide outlook for the sale of John Deere farm machinery. We now project 2007 Deere agricultural equipment sales to be up approximately 16%, including about 3 points of currency translation versus our previous outlook of up about 13%. Production tonnage is expected to be about 14% higher this year compared to our previous projection of up about 11%, reflecting the strengthening in all global markets and our plan to prebuild some components to support what we believe will be better markets in 2008.  Let's move now to our commercial and consumer equipment business on slide 14, where reported net sales were up 15% for the quarter with $125 million coming from LESCO; however, operating profit rose 63%. In the third quarter performance, we clearly see the benefit of new offerings like the residential zero-turn radius mowers, utility vehicles and compact tractors with their positive contribution to price realization, volume and mix in an otherwise difficult market.  Slide 15 has the key details relating to LESCO. LESCO is in the process of being integrated into John Deere Landscapes and the integration pace is proceeding as plan. In fact, while still very early, LESCO was slightly profitable in the third quarter and for their first six months as part of Deere, instead of generating a small loss we now anticipate it to be slightly profitable.  Turning to the full year commercial and consumer equipment outlook on slide 16, we continue to anticipate sales up about 11% for 2007, or up just about 2% excluding LESCO and conclude by pointing out once more that despite the difficult market conditions, the marketplace is valuing the new products and this in turn is supporting our results.  Let's focus now on construction and forestry on slide 17, where sales were down 20% for the quarter, with weakness in the U.S. and Canada being offset somewhat by strength in sales outside the region. Despite 14% lower production volumes, quarterly operating profit was relatively strong at $150 million with some positive price realization more than offset by raw material increases of approximately $45 million.  Turning to slide 18, our net sales of construction and forestry equipment are now forecast to be down about 12% for the year versus our previous outlook of down about 11%. Both construction and forestry equipment sales in the U.S. and Canada are projected lower and more than offset strengths in markets in the rest of the world. Spending from independent rental companies in the U.S. and Canada on our types of equipment is down significantly this year.  Lest we end on too gloomy of a note, this is a challenging environment with U.S. housing starts falling to 1.4 million from 2.1 million less than two years ago. Despite this, construction and forestry earned operating margins of approximately 12% in the third quarter. With incremental margins for the full year likely to be in the range of 35% to 40%, an improvement from our previously expected approximate 45%. Our sales guidance suggests sales of around $5 billion this fiscal year. This is excellent operating performance and it reflects successful broadening of construction and forestry product offerings, its diversification of end markets and the power of Deere's overall SVA efforts.  Moving now to our credit operations as you see on slide 19, credit reported net income for the quarter of approximately $91 million, up from approximately $89 million a year ago. Our forecasted credit net income for the full year remains at about $355 million. As slide 20 shows, John Deere Credits provision for losses remains at very low rates.  Turning to slide 21, on our statement of cash flows for the equipment operations, you'll note a significant change in the undistributed earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries and affiliates between 2007 and 2006. This change is largely due to higher dividends of about $448 million paid by credit so far during 2007. As a reminder, this includes a $230 million special dividend paid during the second quarter of 2007. This dividend is a result of support for higher leverage in our credit operations from the rating agencies.  Before moving on to retail sales, let's look at receivables and inventory. This marks the 29th consecutive quarter where we have reduced trade receivables and inventories as a percent of sales but compared to the same quarter in the prior year. This data is shown graphically on slide 22.  Slide 23 lists the change in receivables and inventories at the end of the third quarter of 2007 versus the third quarter of 2006 by division. You'll note that reported trade receivables and inventory at 31 July were $37 million lower than a year ago. On a constant exchange basis, this reduction is an impressive $234 million. Our fiscal year 2007 forecast on slide 24 now calls for a $250 million increase in inventories and receivables versus our previous estimate of about $150 million increase. By division, ag now anticipates an increase of about $375 million, about one-third of which is from currency translation compared to the previous estimate of $175 million, and virtually all of the $200million change being in company-owned inventory as we build up raw material and components in anticipation of better markets in 2008. In fact, while still very early, customer response in the corn belt to early order programs for products in seeding, tillage, and sprayers has been strong.  C&CEs increase of about $100 million is solely due to the acquisition of LESCO, which added about $150 million. Construction and forestry now expects to reduce receivables in inventory by about $225 million compared to $125 million last quarter, continuing the divisions and dealers disciplined approach to challenging market conditions in the United States and Canada.  Before turning to housekeeping, let's look at the latest in retail sales. Slide 25 shows the product category detail for the month of July expressed in units. For utility tractors, the industry was flat and Deere was down a single-digit. For row crop tractors, the industry was up 20% and Deere was flat. For four-wheel drive tractors, the industry was up 4% and Deere was down double-digits. For combines, the industry was up 3%, Deere was down a single-digit. Retail activity for agricultural equipment in the United States and Canada for the quarter was up a single-digit on a current dollar basis and we expect that retail momentum will continue to build as we move into the fourth quarter.  Deere dealer inventories in the U.S. and Canada remain in very good shape as Deere inventories at the end of June remain below industry levels in each of the categories just cited except for four-wheel drive tractors, where Deere inventories were in line with the industry. On slide 26, you'll see that for row crop tractors, Deere ended July with inventories at 19% of trailing 12-month sales versus 22% a year ago. Combine inventories remain at low levels at 16% of trailing 12-month sales versus 13% at the same time last year.  Turning to slide 27, in Western Europe, sales of John Deere tractors and combines were up double-digits in July. Moving to slide 28, Deere's retail sales of commercial and consumer equipment in the U.S. and Canada were flat in July. Construction and forestry sales in the U.S. and Canada were down double-digits on both first in the dirt and a settlement basis.  Now lets touch on a few housekeeping items. Regarding raw material and freight, let's move to slide 29. In the third quarter, these costs rose approximately $75 million versus last year. Our fiscal year 2007 forecast continues to include an increase in raw material and freight of about $200 million. By division, the break down is now about $80 million for ag, about $20 million for C&CE and about $100 million for construction and forestry.  Looking at research and development expense on slide 30, spending was up 16% in the third quarter, just ahead of upcoming new product launches. We are forecasting an increase of around 12% for 2007. This increased spending relates to our continued emphasis on advanced new products and technology to drive future growth and ever increasing productivity to our customers.  Now moving to slide 31, selling, administrative and general expenses. SA&G for the equipment operations was up 9% in the third quarter with all of it explained by global growth initiatives and currency translation. Our fiscal year 2007 forecast now includes SA&G increases of about 14%, including about 10 points related to growth in currency. This includes about $100 million for LESCO.  Regarding the tax rate on slide 32, for fiscal year 2007 our forecast still assumes a full year tax rate of approximately 33%. Before we leave housekeeping, we wanted to note that currency translation added about $16 million to operating profit in the quarter and about $52 million on a year-to-date basis, mostly in the ag division.  Actual shares outstanding at the end of the quarter were 221.9 million and average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter were 226.8 million as shown on slide 33. On May 30 of this year, Deere's board of directors authorized a new 20 million share repurchase program. With the 2005 program almost complete at the end of July, it is likely that during the fourth quarter of 2007 we will conclude that program and begin to repurchase shares under the new authorization.  Slide 34 highlights the share repurchases as part of our publicly announced plans by quarter for fiscal years 2007 and 2006. During the third quarter of 2007, we repurchased 4.3 million shares with an expenditure of about $500 million. Slide 35 provides some additional information related to our fiscal year 2007 forecast.  For equipment operations, capital expenditures are currently forecast to be about $600 million. Depreciation and amortization is expected to range from $400 million to $450 million. We now anticipate about $525 million in pension and OPEB contributions for the year. For financial services, capital expenditures for wind investments are expected to total about $500 million in 2007. Slide 36 provides the 2006 information on discontinued operations and special items by quarter.  Looking ahead, Deere is on track for another year of outstanding financial performance including exceptional cash generation, demonstrating the power of our SVA discipline. The company is well-positioned to benefit from powerful global, secular economic trends. We at John Deere are looking forward to exciting times in the years ahead. 
 Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Bill. We are now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct us on the polling procedure. But as a reminder, in consideration of others and we do actually get feedback on that, please limit yourself to one question and a related follow-up. You are welcome to get back into the queue. As time permits, we will get through the second round of questions. 
Operator: Your first question comes from Steven Wharton  JP Morgan. 
 Steve Wharton - JP Morgan:  Good morning. A question on ag margins. First, maybe I just wasn't looking at this quite right, but it sounded to me like in the last quarter call you were giving us a few things that we ought to be cognizant of in terms of some headwinds on margins in the quarter. Margins came out in ag much better than I had expected. Either I misforecast that or things went a little better there than you had expected. Can you give me a sense of that? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Absolutely. Well, it's true that our financial performance is better than what we had anticipated, frankly in all of our equipment operations. But the headwinds do continue in SA&G and R&D, and just as a reminder for those who may not have heard this last time, this again is true in all of our businesses, but particularly in ag as we are investing to grow our businesses in places like Brazil and Russia and China, we are encountering higher SA&G and some higher R&D as we continue to develop products for those markets as well as our existing major markets. We think we have some real opportunities in the years ahead. We do expect and that's consistent in the guidance that Bill just shared with you for the overall company in R&D and SA&G, that we will continue to see some headwinds. That said, ag clearly performed very well in the quarter. 
 Steve Wharton - JP Morgan: Just where are we with respect to sort of normal volumes in ag? 
 Marie Ziegler:  There's a fair amount of upside in ag without giving a point-blank answer. But there's some upside. 
 Steve Wharton - JP Morgan:  So if we're doing 14% margins now with still a fair amount of upside in volume, it seems like maybe we ought to be thinking about margin potential in this business being bigger than it has been historically? Does that follow? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Mike, do you want to take that? 
 Mike Mack:  I think a couple things. I would answer that we're probably very near our normal volumes in ag right now. As we increase as a percent of normal volumes, we do experience operating leverage in each of our businesses. Certainly that's the case in ag, as you get more absorption in the factories. They are running, I think efficient. We've benefited in the last quarter from pricing and volume in that business, as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Casey - Wachovia. 
 Andrew Casey - Wachovia: A question on agricultural equipment market. Your two comments you expected 63% Q4 U.S. and Canada tonnage increase, and the decision to prebuild components indicate pretty high expectations for future demand. Likely you already stepped up production in August. So what, if any, supply chain constraints have you encountered or are you concerned about? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Well, it's true that we are working with our supply chain. With planning you can do a number of things. At this point, we don't have anything really to discuss in terms of supply chain constraints. We have added, I think you're aware, even in our own operations, we've added a little bit of capital. We've talked about this at Waterloo, that'll come online, machine tooling. We also added some machine tooling down in Brazil to help accommodate that market. So we're really not at this point aware of anything that we would need to discuss. But certainly, a lot of work to make sure that we can meet customer demand. 
 Andrew Casey - Wachovia: You're modestly reversing a multi-year inventory reduction in North American ag equipment. Does that mean this level of field inventory is pretty much the bottom as a percentage of trailing sales? 
 Marie Ziegler:  I would say that over time we will continue to strive to lower that ratio as a percent of sales. But I would also tell you that everything that we know that we can do, we are doing. We've talked in the past that there may be things with logistics. There may be things in terms of some of the processes, the way we run our operations. We have flexible workforce arrangements, so we are looking at other things that will permit us, in the longer term, to potentially run with lower levels. At this point, this is about where we think we can support our customer demand. 
 Mike Mack:  I would just add, every time we've looked at the reductions in assets, we always think about the context of making sure we're going to have our order fill and the fill rate metrics consistent with providing the fill rates for both customers and dealers that we want to have. It is a balancing act. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ann Duignan  Bear Stearns. 
 Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Could you give us a little bit more color on your investments in Brazil? Also an update on your proposed acquisition in China? How is the ramp-up expected to take place in Brazil, in particular, and whether you're comfortable with your distribution there? In China, if and when that deal does close, will either of these or both of these be detrimental to margins? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Let's start with China first. China, we are waiting still for government approvals. We have said that we expect that acquisition to create positive income in its second full year of ownership. Between now and the time we get there, it would be slightly negative in terms of its income. Very, very immaterial, quite candidly.  Looking on to Brazil, there are we are in a limited build mode in the new factory. The first two models that go into production will not be products that have been produced in Horizontina. So we're going to ramp up that first and then we will transition production from the existing factory in Horizontina into Montenegro. All things are on track. We expect to start ramping up regular production over the course of the fall and into winter.  Actually as it gets up and gets going, we would anticipate it would start to reverse what has been a bit of a margin drag right now, because basically you've got a lot of people in the factory with no production to speak of. You've got people being trained, establishing supply relationships, et cetera, et cetera. So as we move through 2008, we would expect that would become less of a drag as you move through the year. 
 Ann Duignan - Bear Stearns: Just for clarification on China, you said it will overall be losing money or it will be detrimental to current margins? 
 Marie Ziegler:  The operation itself between now and the second full year of ownership -- once we get approval, of course to buy it -- would be slightly negative, but Ann it's going to be so small, you won't see it in our margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Raso - Citigroup. 
 David Raso - Citigroup: A question on construction. The further reduction of receivables and inventory at the end of the year and now forecast, how much of that do you have already in the third quarter? 
 Mike Mack: It's really done. If you look at where we are with our year-over-year, we're basically there. 
 David Raso - Citigroup:  So you were able to do that with, again, your pricing was up in construction in the quarter. 
 Marie Ziegler: It was positive. 
 David Raso - Citigroup:  Looking into '08. Just kind of get a feel philosophically about your construction inventory. If you're already done and you feel essentially you don't need to reduce it further in the fourth quarter, if retail hypothetically was flat next year, are we no longer thinking we have to under produce retail in '08 given the comments you just made about you completed essentially your full year '07 inventory and receivable reduction already? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Based on what we know about the market, it would appear and we would tell you that we feel very good about the position of our inventories and receivables. I would have to answer your question, yes. But time will tell. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin  Merrill Lynch. 
 Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: Just on the financials, are you expecting any impact on performance going into '08 due to widening spreads? 
 Mike Mack: No, Andrew, we don't at all. The way we run our credit company, we have a very tight management for interest rate risk management. I wouldn't anticipate any impact on that at all, really. 
 Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch:  So that should just be a function of volumes that you sell, right? 
 Mike Mack: Thats right. 
 Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch: In terms of farmer behavior, historically weve looked at interest rate as a component of farmer behavior, and interest rates have been so low for so long. Are you seeing any impact on farmer behavior or any potential impact from the recent turmoil in credit prices and accessibility of credits? 
 Marie Ziegler:  There has been no impact whatsoever on that. Now granted, events are rapidly developing, but we did check with our credit people. The other thing I want to point out is many farmers have cash and pay cash for their product. 
 Mike Mack:  I would just like to chime in that the past dues and writeoffs in total on the credit company are really very good levels still, and almost about the same as they were last yea and compared to our historical levels, a very clean portfolio right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Darling  Goldman Sachs. 
 Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: I wanted to follow-up on the ag incremental margin discussion. If I'm translating or extrapolating some of the things you said about 4Q profitability for construction and forestry and C&CE, my extrapolation of those comments would suggest that the farm equipment incrementals targeted within the guidance is more like a low 30%. The question is, can you be more direct about where you see on a full year basis looking out the incrementals? Should we think of 40% this quarter as sustainable? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Things do bounce around quite a bit. I will tell you that typically our second quarter is a strong quarter in terms of our production. Fourth quarter in contrast would not typically be so strong. Some of that production tonnage increase you're seeing is not going to actually be reflected fully in margins because it's going to be a little bit going into inventory.  For the full year, the majority of what will affect our incremental profit for the full year has already occurred because we're three quarters into that. So you're probably looking at something in the range 25% plus or minus for the full year, if that helps you. 
 Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: I'm not sure how that math works into the mid 20s, I think it's got to be low 30s. I could follow-up offline. The follow-up question is on other income, that number's bouncing around a lot, as well. Should we think of this quarter as a trend line or sort of the average of the last couple of quarters? Thinking about that $21.8 million other operating expense which was versus $48 million last year. 
 Marie Ziegler: The other operating expense is just a whole host of little items that affected it. Conversely in the fourth quarter and by its very nature you understand this is somewhat hard to predict because it is miscellaneous. Our forecast would have it actually flipping around. The fact that you're a little light versus a year ago in the third quarter will be made up in the fourth quarter. I don't really have any more insight, frankly than the similar comment in terms of our other income, as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Heiko Ihle - Gabelli. 
 Heiko Ihle - Gabelli: A quick question on the slight 20, you show the provision for the credit losses, which seem to be going off slightly and still low on historical levels. What segments do you see those losses in? 
 Marie Ziegler: We have had extremely low levels in all of our businesses. It would be true that we would be keeping maybe a little closer eye on CNS and on consumer, as well. They continue to remain comfortably below historic levels. There's really no story there. 
 Heiko Ihle - Gabelli:  There's no story. Can you maybe elaborate on where these losses are? 
 Marie Ziegler:  I don't have anything more than what we just said. We're keeping a little closer eye on the construction and forestry and on the consumer. One thing -- maybe, the most important thing -- is this is very consistent with what we actually went into the year with. So we've seen no deterioration from what our expectations were. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Barry Bannister  Stifel Nicolaus. 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: You bumped up your ag segment trade receivable inventories by a couple hundred million. It accounted for 80% of the full year change. What I'm curious about is since you're increasing your production tonnage in North American ag by 63% in Q4 against a minus 17% a year ago,, how much of that build is subassemblies that have not yet made it to the finished goods stage? Or is it a production issue all the way to the finished good where you're getting the equipment ready for final sale? 
 Marie Ziegler:  It's really raw materials and components. There's really very little in the way of finished goods that would be in that $200 million change from our previous guidance. 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: When you measure tonnage, though, you're talking about things that are not yet to the finished goods stage. 
 Marie Ziegler:  So that could include finished goods, as well. 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: It would not necessarily have the same incremental margin? 
 Marie Ziegler:  That is absolutely true. 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: Related to your production, which I presume your production is somewhat in line with both your market growth forecast and your market share forecast. I've noticed that your market share has slipped versus the industry. Would you comment on the market conditions and why Deere share is down this year and what's caused that? 
 Marie Ziegler:  You're talking specifically in North America? 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus:  Yes, North American agriculture. 
 Marie Ziegler:  As you know, you've heard this repeatedly. We've talked about that market shares need to be looked at over a long period of time in any given month you can have an awful lot of flexibility. When we went into the year, knowing if you'll recall that we've seen commodity prices run pretty dramatically in October, which is right ahead of the end of our previous fiscal year. We talked about the fact that we expect we would get off to a relatively slow start on a retail basis in the first part of the year and build momentum as we moved through the year. That has certainly played out. We again, expect to continue to build momentum as we move through the year and in any given month market shares just somewhat of noise in terms of what happens one way or the other. So we'll see. 
 Mike Mack: I just looked at market share data across basically all of our products over the last five years, I think you can conclude that for most products most of the time, we've had a nice gradual trend in terms of the market share gains. 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: I'm just curious why your row crop and combines year-to-date are somewhat lagging the AEM numbers. I dont understand the reason. 
 Marie Ziegler:  Let's see how we look as we continue to move through the year and see if you have some differences in timing of shipments. I don't really have anything else to add. Again, the year is playing out as we had anticipated with the acceleration of retail activity as we move through the year. 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus:  So if I were to look at this as kind of a battlefield, your fourth quarter looks like you're planning a large assault here? 
 Marie Ziegler:  You have such a way with words. 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus:  Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Koznarek  Cleveland Research. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: Just some clarifications. The discussion we were just having about the $200 million of extra ag inventory and receivables, is there an earnings impact to that buildup of components? Does that contribute at all to your bottom line? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Yes, but you get some absorption on that change, if you will. And again, it's about $200 million, but you don't get the margin from selling it. The benefit, if you will, in our fourth quarter for our ag operations would be in round numbers about $20 million. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research:  $20 million of operating income? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Yes. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: The other clarification has to do with Brazil. I thought I heard you say that as you're starting up, you're going to be transitioning production between the two facilities that in '08 we'll clearly have production volume to offset the expenses you've been incurring down there. 
 Marie Ziegler:  To start off, that is correct. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: What I'm looking for is whether we actually get into positive contribution to earnings in '08 based on the ramp-up that you're expecting or is it less of an expense? 
 Marie Ziegler:  I think at this time our forecast is less of an expense because you're still looking at pretty low levels of production volume as you even start into fiscal '08 as you're transitioning. Remember, you've got a lot of training, brand new factory, new people, a lot of activity down there. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research:  So what does the overall start-up schedule look like? When do you expect to be up, I don't know if there's a normal level of volume production that you're targeting. How should we look at the ramp-up period? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Again, we've said we we'll start in the fall and then continue to ramp up through the northern hemisphere winter. We have some flexibility depending on what happens with market conditions, Mark. So we don't have a firm date that we will be complete with that ramp-up. 
Mark Koznarek - Cleveland Research: In '08 are you going to be at a full production level appropriate to the market or are there still things that are being staged in order to get to full production? 
 Marie Ziegler:  By the time you would get to the latter part of our fiscal year, we will of course be at regular levels of production. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Cook  Credit Suisse. 
 Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Marie, my first question, you talked that little bit about your ability to get pricing. I was surprised. Could you give a little more color by segment in North American ag? I was hearing some people were being more aggressive. If you could comment in what you're so seeing in North American and overseas. Or rank order by segment where you've been most successful on the pricing front? 
 Marie Ziegler: In the quarter, 2 points of price realization. We have talked quite a bit about the difficult conditions in the construction and forestry. It would be fair to assume that there was a slight increase and there was a bit of an increase in the commercial and consumer. We don't provide guidance or breakout by product line. But that would imply you actually had something north of 2 points in our ag division. I don't have anymore geographic comments. 
 Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Getting back to the construction and forestry business, you did mention that the commercial construction business or non-res was up 8%. How are you looking at that going forward? We're hearing some commentary from other people to suggest we might have seen the best in commercial construction. Do you expect that to follow residential? How are you looking at that internally? 
 Marie Ziegler: By the way that was an industry forecast for U.S. spend. We have it up about 8% this year. We have it up about 2% next year. So the rate of growth would slow, but we still see positive growth there and you heard that we see housing stabilizing at about 1.4% in 2008. 
 Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: But you didn't see anything in the quarter to suggest the commercial construction was slowing? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Again, just the rate of growth is slowing. But our most current estimate is the 2% increase. Jamie, maybe just before you leave. Just to go back on that pricing. I do want to point out that we have helped ourselves with our price realization through an extensive array of new products over the years through our very strong dealer distributions through our discipline in terms of the amount of product that we are providing into the marketplace. So we've done an awful lot over the last several years to help support the kind of pricing that we're achieving in this environment. Thanks. Next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Dowd  Sanford Bernstein. 
 Daniel Dowd - Sanford Bernstein: I wanted to touch base on your U.S. commodity price estimates. I noticed that your '07/'08 previous forecasts and your updated forecasts show a good deal of volatility. You're projecting corn to be down quite a bit from where you were three months ago, but you're also predicting wheat and soybeans to be up a good deal. Can you talk about the things you're seeing in the marketplace that are leading you to move these estimates around? 
 Marie Ziegler:  They'd be the same sorts of things that you guys would be looking at. We've seen nearby futures come in just a little bit. But you still see extremely good levels of the overall, they're still at extremely good levels. You get into '09 and you're seeing corn over $4 in the futures market. So we're taking a look at basically the same sorts of things that you are in terms of trying to adjust what we see in our forecast. Not sure where you're going with that. 
 Daniel Dowd - Sanford Bernstein:  I guess my question here is any of this based on your insights into farm yield or acreage dedicated to corn or other kinds of things? Perhaps the demand side on ethanol or other sources of demand for corn? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Well, I think you're aware in terms of ethanol, the USDA just increased its projection of ethanol production for the '07/'08 crop; they had been at 3.2, they're at 3.4 billion bushels. In our own internal forecasts, we're still at 3.2. Again, I don't really have any other insight in terms of yields you saw what the USDA did last Friday. Our own internal yield forecast is 152.5, the USDA is 152.8. So we turned out to be very similar. 
 Daniel Dowd - Sanford Bernstein:  So essentially that change is being driven purely by the futures market, not anything you're seeing in the real agricultural economy? Is that right? 
 Marie Ziegler: They're linked. They're not disconnected. As you know, what's in the futures market, there's always a clip as to what actually gets into farmers' hands. But no, again I'm sorry, I'm not sure where you're headed. 
 Mike Mack:  I think there's a lot of momentum in the demand side for these commodities. You've got the investments that have already occurred for ethanol, and youve got those which are online in the next 12months and those together I think are about 13 billion gallons of ethanol, and if you get to say 15 billion, that's going to translate to about 5 billion bushels of corn demand. So it's up substantially from where we are now. I think that's what the futures are reacting to. 
 Daniel Dowd - Sanford Bernstein: Your total farm cash receipts estimates. So your '08 estimate is basically flat from your '07 estimate which is, to be honest, I would have assumed that '08 would have been better than '07. Do you have any other commentary on that other than just your view of corn prices here? 
 Marie Ziegler:  We would say that's flat at pretty darn good levels of activity. There may be a little bit of play to some degree it depends on how much crop gets sold when. You actually could have a little bit of the '07 slide into '08. Some of that will be driven quite candidly by timing. We're making some assessments or assumptions as to when people sell crops. Clearly a very healthy outlook. 
 Daniel Dowd - Sanford Bernstein: Clearly, it is a very healthy outlook for sure. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Charlie Rentschler  Wall Street Access. 
 Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: Can you give us some more detail on new products you alluded to being released here in the near future? 
 Marie Ziegler:  We will be announcing them to our dealers starting next week. Until that time, we really are not in a position to make comments about those products. There'll be a rollout. 
 Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: Going back to the last couple of questions. The upturn that we're talking about here in North America, what kind of legs does this have under it? Do you see this thing? You are clearly suggesting that your fiscal '08 is going to be very strong. But do you see this thing going on a couple three years more? Is there a case that could be made for that? 
 Marie Ziegler:  It appears to be what the futures markets are telling you. Again, that's not a guarantee. But futures for corn as I mentioned a few moments ago, up over $4. You've got soybean futures into '09 going over $9. You look at wheat prices, again into '09 well over $5.50 to $5.85 so really pretty good levels of prices. So the futures markets are giving you one neutral or one not company-biased indication that the expectation is quite good. We are in the midst of people being able to upgrade our diets. This is something we've talked about for a very long time. But you're really seeing it get some legs here. People know they can eat better. They have the income growing to support improved diets. On top of that, you layer on what's happening with interest and renewable energy. The fundamentals look to be very encouraging. 
 Charlie Rentschler - Wall Street Access: Thank you, you're truly setting the table. 
 Marie Ziegler:  Correct. Nice way to put it. Next question. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Seth Weber  Banc of America Securities. 
 Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities: Most of my questions have been answered. But on the raw material impact, Marie, you left that number the same $200 million or so even though the production number is going higher, the tonnage number is going higher. Can you talk about where you might be seeing some pressure still and what might be getting better there on the material side? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Let me start by saying we try to adjust that increase for volumes so it's volume neutral. We are taking a look at, had we had the same rates of spend last year as this year. That does not take into account the fact that you're going to have higher levels of production. Do you understand what I'm saying on how that's calculated? 
 Seth Weber - Banc of America Securities:  Yes, thanks. 
 Marie Ziegler:  Now, regarding where we're seeing pressure, we've said steel was up about 2% for the year. If you look at maybe in the quarter we may have just tweaked our guidance slightly down. You are seeing a little bit of relief on the sheet steel side. On the other hand, at the very margin, tires are maybe a little bit more costly than they were a quarter ago. But basically, the year is playing out pretty much as we had anticipated. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Bluestein - UBS. 
 David Bluestein - UBS: The $200 million increase in your ag inventories, how much of that is Brazil? Just expected ramp? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Really, the bulk of that increase is probably more directed at North America. We're talking about the change in the guidance from 175 up to 375 up. 
 David Bluestein - UBS:  Right so the bulk of that big tractor is North America? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Would be in several product categories, but certainly big tractors would be a part of it. 
 David Bluestein - UBS: Somewhere in the press release or prepared remarks you mentioned rental channel customers buying significantly less. Do you think we're done with that in 2007? Do they snap back next year? A flattish environment you've laid out for the housing starts and nonresidential construction activity. How do you peg their demand? 
 Marie Ziegler:  I'm not prepared to comment on that at this time. They were down last year, as well. They're at fairly low levels of volume as we would go into 2008. I just do not have a comment on 2008 at this time. 
 David Bluestein - UBS: A final question just on fourth quarter with the revenues you've given us, your guidance would imply some fairly low incremental margins, but you've got a big ramp in production. What else is slowing you down in Q4 from blowing up the number? 
 Marie Ziegler:  We will have some higher raw material costs and it goes really back to this R&D and SA&G that we talked about. In addition, when you look at the sales guidance, I know we said it, but I think it's worth repeating. Although we're up 16%, you've got ex-LESCO and currency we're up 8% so the gain is really half of that. The LESCO, which is $225 million of sales in the quarter, actually we come in with a slight operating loss in the fourth quarter. Again a change for the year.  The other thing to think about is taxes. Last year in the fourth quarter, our effective tax rate was 27.5%, and of course our guidance for the full year which would imply the fourth quarter would be at 33%. That's a chunk of money. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy  Robert W. Baird. 
 Robert McCarthy - Robert W Baird: I just have a couple quick follow-ups. First related to your comments about price realization, would it be fair to assume that in the quarter seeing much stronger growth internationally than domestically that similarly price realization would have been stronger internationally? 
 Marie Ziegler:  No, I don't think you can assume that. In fact, you should not assume that. I don't want to imply it was bad overseas either. 
 Robert McCarthy - Robert W Baird:  Would you mind sharing with us your acreage assumptions for corn and soybeans for '07/'08 and '08/'09? 
 Marie Ziegler:  I certainly have those, but not committed to memory. I presume you want corn? 
 Robert McCarthy - Robert W Baird:  Right. 
 Marie Ziegler:  For the '08/09 marketing year, we think we will plant about 87 million acres, this is compared to the 92.9 million acres planted in the U.S. We have a yield of 156.7. For beans plan about 70 million acres up from 64 million and that's the interesting dynamic between what's happening with corn and bean prices with bean prices up so significantly and a yield there of about 43.3 million. Do you want wheat, as well? 
 Robert McCarthy - Robert W Baird:  As long as you're at it. 
 Marie Ziegler:  Wheat planted acres about 59.5 million compared to 60.5 million this year and then the '08/'09 yield of 44 bushels per acre. 
 Robert McCarthy - Robert W Baird: I'm sorry just for reference, the bean number for this year? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Sure. Bean number in terms of yield was 42. And again the planted acres this year 64.1. There's quite a jump in soybean plantings next year. That'll be something that'll be interesting to watch as we move into next year and what the dynamics are between corn and bean markets.  I think we're ready for our last question now. 
Operator:  Our final question comes from Barry Bannister  Stifel Nicolaus. 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: I am trying to reconcile slides 11 and 20 with regard to your receivable exposure in Brazil. As we bear down on a rewrite of the agricultural financing regime down there, what percent of your average owned portfolio is Brazilian receivables? Could you put a dollar amount around it also? 
 Marie Ziegler:  Sure. I'm not sure exactly how you're trying to reconcile. We are very well-provisioned in the event of any potential losses. The first thing I should say is that even though farmers have not yet been required to make the 2007 payments, we've collected about 68% of what is already due. The current deadline is the 31st of August., but as you know, the Congress has not yet approved this proposed program. It's expected that that deadline might actually slide just a little bit. In terms of what we have for our Brazilian portfolio overall, July in dollars it's about $800 million. 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: What is your own portfolio total worldwide? 
 Marie Ziegler:  You mean in the credit operations? 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus:  Yes. 
 Marie Ziegler:  Worldwide 14, 15, I'd have to look at it up. I don't have anything that has that handy. I will get back to you on that. 
 Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: One last sort of housekeeping question to tie it together. Historically, at least in the last three years, and even beyond that, about 80% of the year's profits was made in the first three quarters. If you would just annualize that, your earnings would be somewhere in the 775 range for the year, not the 750-ish range that you're guiding to. I wonder if, perhaps, the fact that two-thirds of the beat from this quarter was from non-ag operations where housing and consumer durable spending might be at risk has led you to be a little more cautious on your forecast. 
 Marie Ziegler:  Well, no, again when we take a look at that specifically it's the raw material, it's the R&D, and it's the SA&G and the taxes. The tax effect is about $45 million alone between last year and the presumption for the fourth quarter of this year. So that's where it is.  Thank you all for participating in the call. The numbers. Portfolio owned net receivables would be actually about $20 billion. Thank you all. Bye.
